This will , if not already , caused problems as there are very limited spaces for us .
The solution can be obtain by using technology to achieve a better usage of space that we have and resolve the problems in lands that inhospitable such as desserts and swamps .
Some countries are having difficulties in managing a place to live for their citizen as they tend to get overpopulated .
This caused problem like the appearance of slums which most of the time is not safe due to the unhealthy environment .
The only way to satisfy the increasing demands of space is by achieving a better usage of the land like designing taller building so it can accommodate more number of people with the same spaces .
It is also important to create a better material that can support the buildings despite any natural disaster like earthquakes .
A good example is Japan where there are a lot of tall condominiums despite the large number of earthquakes happening in there .
Besides a better usage of lands , a better sanitation is also needed because a huge number of people need a clean environment to maintain their heath .
Countries with a lot of inhospitable space need not only to achieve a better space usage , but also to reforms the land to make it livable and technology can help it in a number of ways depending on the trouble the lands have .
For example , countries with a lot of deserts can terraform their desert to increase their habitable land and using irrigation to provide clean water to the desert .
Dubai will be a good example for this as previously the country got almost no natural water and they use irrigation to bring natural water to the country .
Another example is Netherlands , whose most of his lands is a swamp under sea level , have used a good irrigation system to counter their problem and to make their land habitable .
As the number of people grows , the need of habitable environment is unquestionably essential .
In this era , Engineering designs can help to provide more habitable accommodation by designing a stronger material so it 's possible to create a taller and safer building , a better and efficient sanitation system to prevent disease , and also by designing a way to change the condition of the inhabitable environment .
Besides some technologically determinists that allow the development of biometric identification , this technology is also shaped by three social factors , namely , the desire of the society for safety , convenience and economy .
Safety is one of the crucial problems that many countries and companies concern .
On one hand more and more virus and hack can access personal computers , so the secret data and documents may be stolen .
On the other hand , some important departments need strict administration to their members to avoid information leaks .
The United States Department of Defense ( DoD ) { Common Access Card } [ HYPERLINK : http : //en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Common_Access_Card ] is a successful use of biometric identification .
As we can see , the biometric identification involved in important secure areas is designed to identify human with accuracy and reliability .
Besides safety , convenience is also desirable for identifications .
We do not want to spend time and effort to remember password , neither do we want to carry any cards or equipments to show our identification .
For government and other organizations , they are also looking for small size equipments and time-saving progress of identification .
Therefore nowadays the biometric identification progress is designed to be very quick , and the equipments can be easily set up or can be combined with other equipments .
We can have fingerprint verification reader combined with built-in smartcard reader , and it only takes seconds to verify one 's identification .
Therefore , the equipments of biometric identification tend to be in-expensive .
For instance , Retinal Technologies , Inc. ( RTI ) , which captures a retinal image at distances from the user 's eye with the means of just using a patented aspheric lens array .
This technology is widely used in our society and it brings benefit to the government , the military , business and every individual .
All in all , biometric identification achieves great development as human seek for better information protection , easier life style and greater economic profit , and it benefits much to those who shaped it .
Nuclear technology had come a long way since Ernest Rutherford first split the atom in 1917 .
The subsequent realization that the additional neutrons produced from fission reaction can induce a nuclear chain reaction sparked off widespread interest in nuclear technology .
Since then , nuclear technology had been through wars , arms races and had found many applications in the medical , industrial and energy fields .
The leakage of radioactive gas into the atmosphere prompted the many anti-nuclear demonstrations that sprung up across the America in the following months .
Although the reactor was eventually cleaned up and decontaminated , the damaged dealt to nuclear power was irreversible and caused its subsequent decline .
To partly offset this gigantic demand for energy , China had launched an ambitious program to produce 16 % of its electricity from nuclear power by 2030 .
This endeavor to produce more nuclear power have stimulated the development of safer designs of nuclear reactors .
Safety concerns characterized the basic concept of the Pebble Bed reactor with its passive safety design .
When machinery failure occurs and reactor temperature increase to extremely high levels , the reactor does not undergo a meltdown or explode , instead temperature just stays at the high level until the heat can be dissipated or cooled by coolant liquids .
In conclusion , nuclear technology development had always been driven by social factors .
World War 2 had given it momentum in its initial research , but it will be mankind 's need for a renewable and environmentally friendly energy source that will drive nuclear technology 's future developments .
Carbon dioxide is a greenhouse gas which is trapping heat within the Earth .
According to Khandani 's article on 'Engineering design process'1 , there are five steps to designing processes .
To reduce heat trap within the atmosphere , carbon dioxide level has to be reduced .
Presently in the market , there are already technologies which can replace present day equipments and emit less carbon dioxide .
As the subject has been discussed for quite some time , relevant information are readily available on the internet and articles in magazines and newspapers .
These solutions may be generated by analyzing existing products to find out how the weaknesses can be improved while retaining the strength .
They will then analyze the solutions in the economic and social aspects .
These products have to be sold in the market hence consumers must be convinced that these environmentally friendly products are as good as the present equipment in terms of performance and cost .
Therefore careful analysis of the product has to be made before selecting a solution for testing and implementation .
According Khandani 's article , engineers can test the solution by prototyping or concurrent engineering .
These computer simulations take significantly shorter time hence it is a preferred choice as it means that the product can be sold in the market in a shorter period of time .
Through the five designing steps , a process can be designed to meet the need to decrease carbon dioxide level .
Research had shown that fuel consumption had increased twenty percent over the last decade , and had projected that the depletion of fuels is drawing .
In addition , burning of fuels emit various harmful gases pollute our fragile environment .
These green house gases are the main cause to worldwide global warming which give rise to further catastrophes such as the rise in global temperature etc .
Engineers around the world had already started on working on this problem .
To guide them in this heavy responsibility of saving the earth , they use a set of simple steps which guide them in engineering a remedy , known as the Engineering Design Process .
This process consists of five major steps , mainly defining the problem , researching on information pertaining to the problem , brainstorming of ideas , filtering of the ideas , and lastly implementing it .
Firstly , we can define this worldwide problem as the search of alternative resources to the existing near-depletion fuels .
Since fuels are non renewable and emit so much harmful gases , the alternatives that we are looking for should be a renewable one and not emit harmful pollutants .
Studies had shown that an average of 2 lbs ( pounds ) of fuel is needed to produce 1kilowatt of power .
In addition , we realized that burning of fuels produce the large amount of greenhouse gases .
An example is water which is a good renewable resource and is plentiful .
This is because a large body of water is needed to harness the same energy produced by a small amount of fuel .
All the solutions will be thoroughly analysed by the engineers before coming to a conclusion .
Lastly , the engineers will put their solution to test and ensure that the solution is able to solve the problem .
As such , engineers made use wind turbines and water hydraulic generators to harness the wind and water energy respectively .
It may not be the best option but both sources are renewable and are able to be used to slow down the depleting resource - fuel .
This had shown that the engineering design process is essential in solving problems and it ensures that the problem is thoroughly looked into and ensure that the engineers are generating ideas that target the main problem , the depletion and harmful fuel .
Since the reform and open policy in 1970 's , China has been eagerly speeding up on its way to industrialization and flourish .
Among them , education system and perception of innovation stand out becoming two major difficulties .
However , China 's examination-oriented education system deeply throttles students ' creativity .
Not only parents and teachers but also whole society pushes students concentrating on how to get outstanding marks in examinations .
Students spend most of their time reciting details in text books and doing tedious exercises again and again for the simple reason that these can help them get familiar with examinations .
As a result , students have no chance to develop their creative thinking and gradually become stereotype .
Many years ago , the situation is different .
In 1931 , Qian Weichang entered Tsing Hua University , major in history with 0 marks in mathematics and physics .
However , after one year study , he found history not suitable for himself and became interested in physics and showed great talent .
After several years researching and studying , Qian Weichang made many great breakthroughs in physics .
Recently , a student got a very good result in the National College Entrance Examination ( NCEE ) , but he did not enter the university which he applied for , because the secondary school offered him ¥ 100,000 encouraging him to stay another year in secondary school for the next year 's NCEE , expecting that he could become the top 1 student in his province .
Creativity is developed by students ' exploring through their self-learning .
Therefore , the lack of creative qualified human resource seriously hampers engineering design processes for innovations in China .
This problem significantly discourages engineers to make more effort to do research and design , for they will have little motivation to work hard .
Therefore , people are well motivated to do research and design , and industry updates frequently .
21st century will be a more competitive and challenging opportunity for China to develop .
Whether China can take this chance to catch up with those well-developed countries or even surpass them depends on China 's trail of solving the present problems .
If China can come up with effective policy to change its education system and stimulate innovation , China 's pace to flourish may become even faster .
Statistics show that the numbers are only continuing to grow with the existing population explosion .
If the former need is put forward to an engineer , he can view it as a broad topic with many possible solutions .
Some solutions as examples would be to design plants/fertilizers that give higher yield or working with health experts introducing new ways to control population growth .
He could genetically modify the plants genome to match with a plant that gives greater product or he could create a new genetic material for a higher yielding food plant .
Looking at this third step we realize why the second stage of an engineering design process of gathering information is important.Once all the information is put together into the different possible solutions , the engineer is put to decide which method out of the lot is suited best for the purpose and if agrees with existing international laws .
This determines how accurate the engineer might have been in his work and also if he looked at nature as a considerable factor during his designing process .
The testing stage is usually either the most rewarding or heart- breaking stage of a design process .
Even though the solution seems perfect according to calculations , there are " nature factors " that we can not control which still affect any process we carry under the sun .
It is likely that this genetically modified plant was give three hundred percent yield is actually not surviving until harvest .
If that is the case , what the engineer would do is analyze the problem at hand and point out exactly which part of the solution needs to be modified .
With the many possible solutions , what a smart engineer does he figures the best solution and introduces the best way of executing it , so that the need is fulfilled immediately and effectively .
The process of developing a new product based on innovation is not an easy task for the innovators .
The innovators , who are normally work under Research and Development department , have to recognize the needs from the public or through research , are require to spend countless days and nights to understand the problems , to produce solutions to the problems , to convert the solutions into practical products and to commercialize them .
By diffusion and adoption of the innovation products by the public or specific users , the innovators have to face the consequences .
These are not the only challenges that the innovators are going to deal with .
In order to process from the initial stage of innovation development to the final stage , the most important issue is to have a huge sum of fund for development and commercial purposes .
So , the manufacture company , for example , the company that the innovators are working for , is one of the major investors that is providing the fund .
Innovators required development fund in order to obtain their needs , such as hardware equipments , to work on their prototypes .
But at times , there are some critical situations that happen or affect to the manufacturing company , the innovators somehow get to be involve too .
For example , if the manufacturing company did not earn profit in the market , then in order to reduce the cost and prevent the loss from getting worse , the manufacturing company has to stop funding the innovators for their prototypes development .
Then the innovators have to stop all works for the development .
For another example , during this recent economic downturn , most of the major manufacturing companies are slowing down in manufacturing productions and releasing of new products .
This shows that the manufacturing companies are trying to reduce the unnecessary burden to maintain the companies ' stand .
Therefore , this is one of the major factors that will definitely affect the innovators from developing innovation products .
Another challenge that the innovators need to be concern about is commercializing the finalize products .
In this final stage , it is all about how packaging , marketing and distribution of the products .
There are cases that marketing department do not wish to market the innovated products due to various reasons .
For example , the marketing department thinks that the innovated products are not relevant to what the company is selling .
Therefore , the innovated products are unable to meet the consumers .
Another example is the marketing department has set the price of the innovated product too high ; therefore , they fail to obtain the sales target for the selling the innovated product .
So , this is another major factor that the innovators have to face .
In brief , innovators have to face many challenges when they want to develop the products .
They have to obtain fund from the investors in order to develop their innovation prototypes and require help from the marketing department to have their innovation products for sales in the marketplace .
However , these procedures might become another challenges for the innovators .
Engineering design is defined as a process that brings ideas or theories into physical representations which satisfies human needs .
Because Engineering designs are always related to real problem , during the five processes , the obstacles they face are more than theories and calculations on paper .
Political issues usually become realized in the beginning and final steps , especially in the last step .
However , in some cities of China , the government wants to minimize the time spending on problem solving process to show their ability in handling problems and force the engineers to skip the first step or just accept the information the government provides .
And in the end such a design may turn to be useless as it does not meet people 's demand .
In the last step of design , political issues also disturb the process significantly .
However , when the design had been carried out for a few weeks , it was stopped .
The government 's explanation was because of safety consideration for earthquakes and some other disasters .
But such explanation was of non-sense as the engineers did not see such possibility during their designing ; otherwise the design would not be carried out at all .
Some evidences showed that the reason of halt of work was that the higher level of authorities thought an underground traffic system was not necessary for Harbin .
In this example , there is nothing wrong with the original design work , but the design still can not be carried out due to political inconsistent between the city government and higher level authorities .
The similarities of political obstacles in both two steps are that such problems can not be easily solved by the engineering group , in other words , the political problems are unavoidable to some degree .
Another problem , financial issue , is quite common during design process .
It affects the analyzing and test step most seriously though it can affect almost every step of design work .
For most design work , the engineers are always employed by some organizations or companies .
Besides , the lack of financial support or sudden stop in the financial support may even lead to the incomplete of a project .
Compared to the political issues , the financial problem affects more steps and more common around the world .
Both of these two problems , though affecting different processes , can lead to a completely failure of a project .
Humankind always has needs and demands because people want to lead more comfortable and easier life .
There are various fields which engineering plays an important role in our daily lives , such as entertainment , healthcare , transportation , real estate , and so on .
As what Khandani ( 2005 ) said , a company 's survival depends on whether its products are in high demand by the society or not .
Most companies are more interested to invent entertainment electronic goods such as flat LCD screens , smaller and smaller mp3/mp4 players , touch screen hand phones , more portable laptops , and so on which are most demanded in the market .
Among quite a number of healthcare products available in market , prosthetic limbs play one the most important roles .
They are needed for various reasons , including congenital defects , accidents or because of some diseases .
According to Khandani ( 2005 ) ,to design an efficient and safe artificial limb may usually need five basic design processes which are defining the problem , gathering pertinent information , generating possible solutions , analyzing and selecting the best possible solution and finally testing and implementing it .
" This is the proof that how a successful design can be beneficial to a needy person .
Government should also more encouraging the research and development of these products .
The cost of raw materials has risen significantly from the year 2003 to year 2009 and it has affected the electronics supply chain .
The price of gold has risen from about US $ 380/troy ounce in June 2003 to about US $ 960/troy ounce in June 2009 ( " Trend " ) .1 Gold is a very important component in electrical conductivity and thus often used in contact points such as the communicating interface between the graphics card and the motherboard .
Hence designs that need large amount of gold may not be feasible .
However , if the engineers were to stick to their original design , the cost of the end product will be high .
When electronic devices are not grounded properly , there is a probability that the user might get an electric shock when he/she accidentally come into contact with the device .
Another example would be the cases of Apple 's iPhone .
There are many reports around the internet and on newspaper stating that some users ' iPhone exploded and the main cause is due to the overheating of the lithium- ion battery .
Lithium-ion battery has a temperature tolerance of about 60OC and anything above that will make the battery unsafe for use and in the worst case scenario ; the battery explodes , causing injury or death to the user .
Hazardous product can tarnish the reputation of the company and sometimes even result in the loss of innocent lives .
Thus it is very important for engineers to do repeated trial test of the product to ensure that it is free of faults .
Lastly , engineers must ensure that the product must be safe to use or it will end up not only spoiling the reputation of the company , it may even injure or kill someone .
Engineering design process can be defined as a process fused by fellow engineers in the aid of developing either an entirely new system or improvising on the current on to cater to desired deeds .
This process has always been seen indispensable as part of the country 's economical growth in the manufacturing sector .
As we understand the relevance and importance of engineering design , we will come to realize that in reality there are several factors that preventing the progress of engineering design .
Firstly , engineering design process has come to incur excessive costs .
As a result , research and development in these fields have become way costlier compared to previous years .
In Singapore , there is only a certain fixed amount in the country 's national budget allocated of the research and development sector .
It is more expensive to conduct creative engineering research ; therefore it is inevitable that a slight reluctance in contributing more assets to engineering design by the government ; the reality of the support given by the government is weak .
Moreover , the government has also other financial plans in spending their resources .
Some feel that in these tough economical times , it is wiser to splurge the money on restructuring the economy or providing more incentives to instill entrepreneurship , rather than investing in research in engineering design .
Hence , the area of innovative research and development in engineering is not driven in full swing .
Secondly , the amount of creative people in Singapore is small , which may be a major reason for the hampering of innovative engineering design .
The population of Singapore is scarce compared to other countries in the region .
In countries like China and India , their population amount to billions whereas the population of Singapore is only 4.5 million .
For example , five percent of the population in Singapore is 1000 times lesser than five percent of the population in the China .
Although there are many Singaporean-based driven engineering design projects like NEWater plants , much of our economical success due to engineering design is highly dependent on other countries .
In areas of mechanical engineering , our latest machineries are either bought or are replicas from the models in Japan .
The impact on having a limited amount of creative people has resulted in Singapore having to resort to buying foreign-based engineering design equipment from overseas .
In conclusion , even though we realize the importance of engineering design processes in innovation , there are still problems like rising costs and population scarcity problem that hinders the progress of the engineering process .
Serendipity is usually defined as a discovery under an accidental case , and it often results the invention of a new technology .
Serendipity-based technology has some similarities and differences with technology developed through research , for example : the technology of refrigerator .
When people encounter problems or have demands on certain things , usually they will try to solve the problems through research and development .
The invention of refrigerator was around 1910s as before that , people had faced the problem of food storage in summer when there was no icehouse could be used .
Research and development had been done to solve this problem and eventually boosted the invention of refrigerator .
This is how most conventional technologies been invented .
Similarly , bearing the problems and needs in mind , when unexpected experiment or research results come up to the researchers or scientists , accidentally they would just apply these to solve some other problems totally unrelated .
Post-it note was invented in this way according to Rogers .
3M , famous Scotch tape company , discovered an unsuccessful bonding agent that could not stick paper tightly hundreds years ago .
However , the 3M researchers found out this failed bonding agent was suitable for attaching notes which satisfy many people 's needs .
Thus post-it note was invented from this idea .
In this manner , many other serendipitous technologies have been discovered and solved many irrelevant problems .
Thus , it is fair to say that either conventional technology or serendipitous technology is stimulated by the realization of problems and needs .
Also , another similarity between conventional technology and serendipitous technology is the process of development and commercialization .
After discovering the creative inventions from either research or serendipity , the more important step is the integration of the inventions .
Under this process , the attractiveness and practicality of the inventions will be improved such that they could be converted into useful products which accepted by most people .
If the refrigerator was remained as it was invented in 1910s and no further development has been made to improve its quality , the refrigerator would just be an unsuccessful invention due to its low efficiency and high cost .
After converting the new technology into useful products , it comes to the process of marketing .
How other people get to know your products and been convinced to use them .
Like what 3M researcher did , they sent their post-it products to Fortune 500 Company 's president and secretary to publicize their products .
Finally 3M achieved a huge success as its products were world-famous through Fortune 500 Company .
From these two examples above , it is clear that another similarity between conventional technology and serendipitous technology is the process of development and commercialization which involved a lot of hard work .
Research is usually based on certain organizations and it requires some time , funds and resources before the researchers can finally obtain the expected results .
For the invention of refrigerator , many companies like : General Electric , Kelvinator and Postum , did organized the research group to invent and develop refrigerator .
Many new ideas may just generate from daily life , some mistakes made accidentally or during research for other technology .
For the post-it pads , its idea was just generated from the failed product when 3M researches tried to invent new bonding agent .
Also , serendipitous new ideas can be generated by anyone .
Yet for conventional technology , it is limited to people with professional knowledge , like : researchers or scientists .
In conclusion , although serendipitous technology seems easier than research-based technology for research process , it still requires a lot of hard work to further develop it and one should acquire the essential knowledge before he know how the unexpected discoveries can been used to solve the problems we faced .
Thus , a serendipitous technology can be seen as a conventional technology with less research .
In different parts of the world , however , there are various factors which slow down the process of industrial designing , and China , my home country , can not make an exception .
Compared to technical reasons , social reasons are the main obstacles for inventions , and finance and education stand out from all these reasons .
Concerning financial difficulty in engineering innovation , there are two aspects .
First of all , the biggest problem is the whole country lacking money .
Making creations is quite a money-consuming job , so engineers in China are faced with the difficulty that there is not enough money put into innovating industries .
Thus , more resources are distributed to production instead of innovation .
Besides the first problem , the second one related to finance is that the average income of common Chinese people is relatively low .
An industrial invention needs users immediately after it is created by engineers or it may soon fall out of the market and then eliminated by the society .
Chinese engineers are not short of fantastic innovating ideas but market .
The electrical and the gas cars have been applied for some time .
Over 10 years ago , some states in the U.S. decided that 10 % of the total number of cars must be environmentally friendly , that is to say , cars running on electricity or gas .
This comparison does not mean that Chinese people are ignoring the environment but most of us can not afford an electrical or a gas car which is far more expensive than a common one using gasoline as fuel .
Very similar to the non- polluting cars , China also has lots of creative engineering innovations , but due to higher cost than old products of the same kind , they can not be accepted by the market .
Apart from finance , education is another factor that can not be ignored .
The Chinese education has a history of over 2000 years .
Through the thousands of years , most Chinese scholars are greatly affected by the Confucianism .
One of the core theories is to teach people to obey the rules and regulations .
This is , in fact , not encouraged by the traditional idea of Chinese people .
It is very complicated to find out reasons hindering innovation in China while finance and education do have some effect on it .
Despite the obstacles mentioned above , China is now moving its focus to build an innovation-encouraged society .
I believe these problems obstructing engineering innovation will be solved in the near future .
This is also illuminated in organisations and bureaucracies , which are structured to provide stability and continuity , being inflexible towards nurturing innovations ( Rogers , 2003 ) because failures will tarnish their reputations .
Henceforth , inventors with company leaders begin to adopt a secretive approach towards inventions and they go " underground " for research and development .
Understanding the differences and similarities between such a path that inventors take and conventionally generated technologies will help us to better appreciate their efforts & the hardships they had to go through in their endeavours .
During the pioneer year of the National University of Singapore 's Formula Society of Automotive Engineering ( NUS FSAE ) , outstanding undergraduates who show exceptional talents and skills among their peers were being selected to work on a new project of building an eco-friendly race car to compete on the international platform .
Another similarity between skunkworks and conventionally generated technologies will be that both are given adequate funds and resources by the authority to maintain their operations .
Being a highly classified project , the Lockheed 's Advanced Development Projects Division , a American aerospace company was funded by the government to develop the latest aircraft to fight in World War two ( Roger , 2003 ) .
Likewise , the Singapore government has also invested heavily on the transportation system in her plan to build better and cost efficient MRT stations over the next 6 years ( STBT , September 2009 ) .
The provision of funds and resources are critical towards the productivity of researches and innovations .
However , in order to escape routine organizational procedures , inventors and researches working in skunkwork environment are more often abused in contrast to the people working under conventional system .
The creation of the Macintosh was the collaborated effort of fifty computer designers who worked day and night under an abusive and aggressive leadership ( Roger , 2003 ) .
On the other hand , under the conventional system , innovators are supposed to abide to strict workplace safety , guidelines and routine organizational procedures .
They work under conducive environment to accomplish their tasks .
However , they receive different forms of treatments and work under different environments .
This is to meet the society 's expectation for them to come out with inventions which are correct the first time round .
From past to present , many important innovations have surfaced .
Some of these innovations were shaped by technology while others were created from the needs and desires of society .
According to ( AVIATION , 2009 ) " Centuries of dreaming preceded the first successful flight " which suggests that the basis of this innovation was from man 's dream to fly like birds they see in the sky .
Hence aircrafts were a socially determined technology which has developed over time , catering to the needs of humanity .
Firstly , military aspects were crucial in shaping the aircraft .
Planes of present versus those in the past show a noticeable improvement in agility and speed .
In World War I ( WWI ) for example , planes were fairy slower and more bulky , as mentioned by ( AVIATION , 2009 ) " Huge biplane bombers with two , three , or four engines were introduced in World War I " .
However , the military learnt from the fighting techniques used in combats during WWI and required aircrafts able to negotiate tighter turns and break the speed of sound so as to evade enemies or catch up with them .
World War Two showed improvements in the design and ability of aircrafts , making them smaller and therefore swifter .
Adding on , fighters of today are even more advanced and able to break the sound barrier .
Take for example the " F-15 Eagle , which excels at air-to-air defence tactics and has a maximum speed of over Mach 2.5 " or " the F-16 Falcon , a highly maneuverable all-purpose fighter-bomber " ( AIRPLANE , 2009 ) .
These planes are not only a mark of development in speed but also in agility .
Most importantly , we see that these needs of the military were a driving force behind the development and enhancement of the aircraft .
Secondly , social factors guided the growth of planes .
The globalised style of living which translates to the need to transport increasingly large numbers of passengers , and the need for fast delivery of goods or letters were some of the social issues that shaped the airplanes .
It is noticeable that the size of commercial planes increased over the years in the response to meet the rise in global travelers .
If we look at Airbus ' A380 in our world today , it carries up to " 525 " passengers ( A380 Family , 2009 ) .
Moreover , the U.S. Post Office Department set the base for domestic airlines between 1918 and 1927 as mentioned by ( AIRPLANE , 2009 ; Commercial Aviation ) .
Likewise , in today 's world , global air freight agencies such as " DHL " or " Fedex " require planes able to travel long distances fast in order to ensure that mails or packages are delivered to end users in the shortest time possible .
In conclusion , the aircraft , a socially determined technology , has developed from its ancient clumsy and slow predecessors to their new age , swift and agile successors .
These modifications were indeed not possible if not for the varying social as well as military requirements during different eras .
When there is a need for something , a technology is create to solve the problem .
The same applies for an eco-friendly car .
The factors are - political , economical , technological , environmental and social .
In 2006 , a documentary film , An Inconvenient Truth , written by former United States Vice President Al Gore , has sparked a series of heated discussions after it was being screened in cinemas .
This implies that automobile companies had to pull in large sums of money for research and development work to create and promote the sales of such cars .
Without pressure from the government , no automobile company would have taken the initiative to manufacture and market out these vehicles .
Economic factors stressed the need for eco-friendly cars .
However the cost to finance this project will be high as much research and development have to be done .
Even though it is expensive to develop eco-friendly cars as they cost around two to three times more compared to gasoline powered cars ; however this move is vital due to the slow depletion of natural resources for vehicle consumption as it leads to the increment of fuel prices .
The servicing costs are lower for eco-friendly cars that operate on electricity as compared to gasoline powered automobile with internal combustion engines .
Compared to the fuel powered car , the eco-friendly car is at a losing end due to its speed , its mileage and time taken for battery charging .
Fuel powered cars are capable of running longer distances , do not require battery charging time and is capable of reaching maximum speeds within seconds .
However , eco-friendly car developers are constantly coming up with newer technologies to improve their cars hence in the near future these cars would definitely function just as well as the gasoline powered cars .
One of the main purposes of the creation of eco friendly cars is due to environmental factors .
The need to reduce pollution levels plays a very important role .
Since the past decade , people are getting more conscious of the damages that we have been inflicting to the Earth .
As mentioned , the Inconvenient Truth has shown that there is a direct link between carbon emissions and the rising temperatures of the Earth .
As carbon dioxide " stocks up " in the atmosphere over years , it traps the Sun 's heat , thus creating global warming which eventually leads to various climate changes .
One of the first things we can do to help conserve the environment is to switch from gasoline cars to eco-friendly cars , that is if we already a car .
As awareness of the effects of climate changes grows , people realize that it is their social responsibility to try to undo the environment damages to the best their ability .
Hence more people are seeking for greener alternatives .
Even British Prime Minister , Gordon Brown has urged that all cars in Britain to be green by 2020 .
In conclusion , the creation of eco-friendly cars are shaped by the factors mentioned above and I believe that not only this creation is one of a kind ; it is here to stay and also one of the key creations for the future generations to further develop .
In this rapid economic development of the 21st century , the demand for energy is increasing .
However , the Earth can only provide our limited energy .
We can not increase the amount of fossil fuel use .
Dwindling reserves of fossil fuels on the basis that no matter how slow this process may be , we need to look at other ways to produce energy .
Hence , the use of renewable energy is very important , in our planet 's future development .
There many alternative source of energy can be used and applied in our life , such as solar energy , light energy , wind energy , water power and so on .
All of these alternative sources of energy not only help reduce our dependence on non-renewable energy sources , but also these renewable energy power generation processes are friendlier environment .
Currently , people realise the features of environmental protection and the economical efficiency of the solar energy ; the use of solar energy is made use of more and more widespread in the ordinary life .
Energy from the sun 's rays is known a very environmentally friendly which is a clean form of energy .
There is no need to use sunlight to generate electricity with fossil fuels , or thermal energy ; only a solar collector and solar panels are needed to energy into electricity .
The feature of heating energy not only can help people save a lot of money for conventional electricity .
In return a lower tariff will be received , but also means that no need to have to maintain the heaters .
However , solar energy is not in the evening , so that energy storage is an important issue to provide a continuous supply of energy .
In order to keep providing heating , there is an efficient method to store solar energy by using heat-of-fusion units which use chemicals to change water to a solid form .
This is similar to a packed bed , but the liquid absorbs the sun 's rays and then the chemicals convert the liquid to a solid so it traps the energy .
The 21st century is faced with a severe problem of global energy shortage .
Industries require resources such as electricity , oil and petroleum for varies outputs .
The rate of energy consumption by human is much higher than what nature is able to produce .
Therefore , the last decade has witnessed the increasing energy price due to insufficient supply of energy .
In response to energy shortage , engineers design more efficient products and systems .
Among the solutions such as establishing energy-intense industry and recycling natural resources , finding alterative resources seems to be the best solution to provide sustainable supply of energy for varies industries .
Natural movements such as tide , wind and wave can all be used for generating power .
The solar technology , which converts the radiant light from the Sun into heat , can also be applied to many industries .
International energy agency reports that 2.1 % of energy and 15 % of electricity are provided worldwide by nuclear power in the year 2005 ( Key World Energy Statistics , 2007 ) .
It shows that nuclear power may gradually replace traditional oil and petroleum .
Although it seems very optimistic that many potential alternative energy resources can be found , there are , in fact , other economic and social constrains faced by engineers .
First of all , the costs of new energies , such as solar electricity are much higher , compared with traditional ones .
For instant , in the process of consuming hydrogen fuel , greenhouse gasses will be generated , which may contribute to global warming .
Third , natural energy resources such as wind energy and wave power can only be used in large countries with sufficient land and water ; thus , small countries may encounter energy dependence on outer resource and forced to pay much more for energy supply .
To further improve the solution of solving the problem of energy shortage by using alternative energies , it requires more efforts by engineers .
Zero carbon technology is encouraged in response to the concern of climate change .
To conclude , engineering design process can be applied to help solve the current problem of global energy shortage .
If engineers are capable of introducing environmental friendly energies with reasonable cost and sufficient quality , we can expect a future balance between energy consumption and energy supply .
Technologies are always developed to cater certain needs of people , whether to provide better methods of doing things or to develop tools that facilitate working and living .
This also applies to virtual technology , which was developed under a specific social and technological background and was evolved to meet increasing needs under a changing environment .
Virtual technology was first developed to address needs of extensive communications .
Such excitements brought by modern technologies had boomed the demand for more extensive interactions , not only with friends but also with strangers .
At the same time , new technologies had also brought privacy into people 's consideration .
Thus , it was not surprised to observe an increasing need for a convenient and cost effective platform where a large group of people are able to communicate , transcending geographic barriers , while retaining a certain level of independence and privacy at the same time .
To address such increasing social needs , the concept of a virtual world was taken into consideration .
Virtual technology has been designed with a series of unique properties to address the observed social needs by engaging a large user population .
This has made interactions among a great number of users become possible .
The user-friendly operation platform designed has made virtual world more accepted by the public and the simplified operation process has also made virtual technology more adaptable to lay men .
In addition , with the establishment of facilities and the popularization of computers , virtual technology has become more and more accessible and has engaged increasing number of people .
The low cost of virtual technology , as compared with that of other types of communications such as telephone , has also attracted numerous users .
As social environment changed , the initial virtual technology developed had become insufficient to meet increased social needs .
Virtual technology was hence refined to meet the evolving needs .
Factors such as the business environment , changing educational styles and new military demands have shaped the development of virtual technology and solutions made used of virtual technology were designed to address each specific need .
The development of virtual technology has been largely influenced by the world 's booming economics since early 21st century .
New technologies had made people realize the underlying economic opportunities beyond geographic barriers and national boundaries .
People were looking for more convenient and cost effective methods for transactions and business cooperation .
Catering to this need , a series of solutions has been developed based on virtual technology .
One of them was E-commerce where a virtual interface was created for convenient and efficient transactions of goods and services .
Another example would be E-conferencing which allows a staff to attend live conferences during business trips and has made business process much more efficient .
This is especially applied to places where educational resources are limited due to geographic barriers .
E-learning has provided an alternative way to attending lessons conducted by teachers in classrooms .
Another example of virtual technology being developed to meet educational needs would be business simulation games where the real business environment is simulated and students can learn from imitated real-life practice .
Such business simulation games have been largely used as innovative learning tools in world 's business schools .
Apart from the demands from business and education , other factors have also shaped the development of virtual technology and solutions have been designed to meet the needs .
An example could be the virtual training used by the U.S. army where military demands have shaped the development of virtual technology .
To sum up , virtual technology , like other types of technologies , was determined socially and was evolved to meet changing needs of the society .
The development of virtual technology is shaped by social factors such as the business environment , educational needs and military demands .
Meanwhile , the level of development of science and technology is an important symbol on behalf of a country 's strength .
However , problems inevitably generate and affect the process of innovation due to the improper strategies or methods .
As far as I can concern , there are two major problems in China .
One is that some engineering designs do not meet the needs of market .
In other words , these designs are produced without adequate market survey , so they turn out to be unwelcomed among public .
Though the designs are products of fantastic conception , they become useless as rubbish once out of market .
After the policy of reform and opening-up , Chinese government has long been encouraging people to make varieties of innovations .
Nevertheless , it does not mean that whatever designs can be made .
The key is still the needs of market .
In addition , among all applicants of patents , individuals are the major part .
Individual has an obvious disadvantage compared with teamwork , and that is to say individual can not handle everything well at the same time .
Without market survey and access to sale or adoption of the market , it is inadvisable to make deigns blindly by divorcing oneself from reality .
No amount of them is meaningful .
The second problem to hamper engineering design process that I can concern is the patent policy .
China has long been a great country of patents , but the success of patents is quite rare .
Most Chinese patents are " Appearance Patent " , not " Innovation Patent " .
Appearance patent is a rather tough issue and among patent infringement in China , more than 90 % belong to this kind .
What I have to point out is , appearance patent application does not need to be censored .
As long as the application documents meet the format , the patent will be approved .
The rapid application for patents causes large numbers of patent infringement cases .
" Now the disputes of patents have been the most serious trouble for the normal development of some companies .
The condition in developed countries may be different .
For example , in America , all patents must be censored and the cases of patent infringement are fewer than China .
Normally the lawsuits of patent infringement can be settled out of court due to the high cost and complicated procedures .
While in China , with simple procedure and low cost , lawsuits of patent infringement even become a tool to make unfair competition between companies .
Chinese government also pays attention to reforming the patent law and the new law will be put into practice on October .
In conclusion , China is sparing no efforts to solve problems in order to make innovations real intellectual product .
Every country will encounter problems in their development .
As a developing country , now China is facing problems on many fields .
The two problems are the situation of education and public policy on industry .
The problems bring some effect on engineering design from two aspect , independent innovation and engineering application .
First , the situation of education in China is a problem for innovation .
It is accepted that Chinese student are good at science .
They have solid foundation on math and physics , they can solve complex and difficult problems in short time .
China 's education is typical exam-oriented education .
Now , this situation has become a problem for the nation that the generation at present age is lack of creativity and innovation ability .
In China 's education system , students are only required to receive knowledge and repeat exercising to consolidate knowledge but neglect to explore .
Chinese students are taught to remember many formulas and { solution approach } [ HYPERLINK : dict : //key.0895DFE8DB67F9409DB285590D870EDD/solution % 20approach ] es rather than ask questions .
Under this mode of education for long time , people 's thinking is limited and rigid .
The president of { Chinese University of Science and Technology } [ HYPERLINK : dict : //key.0895DFE8DB67F9409DB285590D870EDD/Chinese % 20University % 20of % 20Science % 20and % 20Technology ] pointed that students ' lacking of innovation would become the bottleneck of development of China in the future CITATION You05 \ l 2052 ( You , 2005 ) .
Besides , there are still many inadequacies in the policy of science and industry .
In China , economic policy is very wide but policy on industry is strict .
For example , investment and concerns that the nation put on technology research and engineering are deficient ( Xin , 2005 ) .
Engineering design is inventions-devices which need many support to gather technologies and solve problems in practice .
However , the policy of engineering and industry can not meet the needs .
The state only put investment on specialized research institutes .
In the actual production and application , the support from government is not nearly enough .
The two problems would bring some effects on engineering design and innovation for China .
First , under the mode of education , most engineers and scientist are relatively weak at creativity .
This will directly affects the process on engineering design of innovation especially on raising solutions .
In the technological age , since independent innovation is very important to a nation 's development , society needs the people with innovative talent .
If engineers do not come up with new ideas , they can not find best solution for the problems .
Moreover , the policy on science and engineering also affects process of engineering application due to insufficient investment in research and engineering practice .
Many theories can not be put into implement .
As a result , the engineering design would be in slow progress and there are still a lot of complex problems left unsolved .
In conclusion , the structure of education and policy on engineering and industry are two significant problems which hamper engineering design process of innovation in China .
If engineers are in defect of creativity and innovation , it is difficult for them to study new issues and make improvement .
Although China is expected to prosper by a lot of people and countries , there are still problems that hamper its development .
This article will focus on two major problems that hamper innovational process of engineering in China and their impact on certain stage of the process .
China industry is mostly at the lower end of the world production chain , which means the production in China is energy- consuming , labour-intensive , but not so profitable .
Although China devotes a lot of resources into production , the added value for innovation is low .
Out of 10 dollars made , this factory only have 1 dollar , while the Japanese company gets 9 .
The reason why this factory gets so little is that the design belongs to that Japanese company .
In reality , there are thousands of such factories in China , which reflects the situation of China 's low-end industrial structure .
As a consequence of China 's low-end production which gains profit from mass production and resource consumption , China companies mainly focus on lowering cost , rather than creating innovative ideas .
Therefore , very little money is devoted to design process for innovation and these companies only repeat this low-end production circle .
In addition to China 's low-end industrial structure , the bad situation of intellectual property protection also hampers engineering innovational process .
In China intellectual property right is not well-protected .
People can find pirate version of software in most cities .
There are some products which directly copy the design of foreign companies .
Due to certain reasons , this situation is not expected to improve a lot in the near future .
Therefore , innovation is discouraged by lack of protection for intellectual property in society .
To sum up , China 's low-end industrial structure and bad situation of intellectual property protection are the two major problems that hamper engineering design process in China .
Low-end production pattern makes companies focus on cutting cost , rather than making innovation , while lack of protection for innovation makes people unwilling to generate new ideas .
When China tries to promote engineering design process for innovations , these are the two problems China should tackle .
On September 4th , 2009 , a piece of startling news was popped up and quickly spread out all over the world .
After several years ' effort , magnetic monopole was detected by the researchers from the Helmholtz- Zentrum Berlin fur Materialien und Energie have , in cooperation with colleagues from Dresden , St. Andrews , La Plata and Oxford ( Magnetic Monopoles Detected In A Real Magnet For The First Time , 2009 ) .
Obviously , the discovery of magnetic monopole indicated a great progress in pyhsics field .
People may think about what led the success of the discovery of magnetic monopole .
In this case , the discovery of magnetic monopole was most likely to be promoted by advanced technologies .
However , social determinist , which can be defined as technology is boosted by social factors , is also an important factor in the development of technologies .
To specify , social determinist can be further categorized into several distinguished factors , such as economic factors , military demands , and government policies .
Nowadays it is common to see a person carry a laptop everywhere , which was unimaginable thirty years ago .
While , the appearance of laptop was due to the working demands from workers in company .
During the old days , there was no laptop , but got only desktop that workers had to share one machine to do their mass work , which caused great inconvenience .
In order to solve this problem , a person called Mizoguchi in Toshiba Company came up with the idea of inventing laptop ( Rogers , 2003 ) .
With the help of engineers , he finally invented the laptop that we use every day now , and undoubtedly , his achievement made a great success in computer marketing .
Till now , laptop is still a necessary tool in people 's daily life .
One of the reasons for its success was that laptop catered to people 's needs greatly .
Thus , after briefly viewing the development of laptop , we can conclude that , the appearance of this marvelous invention was initially driven by the demands of people , and then its development was supported by technologies .
For many years , people have always been trying to come up with some technical innovations to be environmentally beneficial .
Naturally , electric cars were invented .
Instead of using gasoline , electric cars used only battery power , which no more caused air pollution and reduced the cost as well ( Rogers , 2003 ) .
However , in the consideration that electric cars could not travel far distance , and it was not convenient to get battery charged , electric cars finally lost out in the market , due to the restriction of usefulness .
Nevertheless , electric cars is still regarded as a great trial innovation , which still need further technology support to make improvement .
From the examples in the context above , we can conclude that generally , the development of technology is determined by both technological factors as well as social factors .
More precisely , the appearance of a new innovation is initially motivated by socially determinist , and then it needs technological support in the process of development .
Last but least , any technology must be well designed using advance technology skills , otherwise it will most likely to lose out in the market .
This is undoubtedly true because that inventions throughout history have greatly improved the quality of people 's lives , and people 's endless desires have stimulated development of new technologies .
In the 21st century , new desires , as well as new problems have emerged , such as environment pollution , bionics , exploration of outer-space and so on .
Among all of these needs , the most urgent and necessary technologies should be the ones that cope with the effect of global warming .
Among the possible solutions to global warming , the prior technology that should be developed is solar cars , because it could not only effectively reduce the emission of greenhouse gases , but also take advantages of natural resources .
It is stated that a significant parf of carbon dioxide emission is due to burning of fossil fuels , such as gasoline and natural gases .
1 ) Thus , continuing to use large number of traditional cars would deteriorate the environment at a shocking rate .
Moreover , solar cars take advantages of solar energy which is approachable.and cheap .
In this way , people no longer have to worry about the exhaust of gasoline resources .
Besides , using solar energy actually cost nothing , which ensures that solar cars could be affordable in the long run .
However , solar cars are still not popular in the market due to the high cost of production and low feasibility .
Actually , it is not easy to lower the price of solar cars since currently the materials used to make solar cars are high-tech aero-materials which are quite expensive .
Therefore , in order to lower the cost of production of solar cars , development of new materials is crucial .
Besides , the current development of solar battery is not good enough to afford long-distance driving .
Though newly developed solar battery can support hundreds of miles , it requires a rather critical weather extremely sunny days .
In conclusion , replacing traditional cars by solar cars can effectively control the deterioration of global warming , but further improvements are needed to widely popularize the use of solar cars .
" ( " Air pollution causes early death , " 2005 ) To many people , they may not think much about air pollution because they could hardly feel the effects of it .
However results have proven otherwise .
Which is why , better air quality is one of human need that should be given priority .
Air pollution is the main reason why the world is suffering from bad air quality thus we should look at ways to cut down on air pollutants emission .
There are some current solutions available such as ; primary regulations , control devices , increased fuel efficiency .
Hence we should look at other alternatives like engineering design processes that might provide a solution .
Engineering design processes such as ; improve on battery technology for automobiles , and design better control devices can be the solution .
Health issues caused by air pollution not only affect the individual but also to the world economy because those who are affected will not be able to work .
In order to solve the problem of air pollution , we got to improve on the current battery technology and come up with better control devices .
Improve on the current battery technology is one of the engineering design process to solve air pollution .
A recent report from Toronto Public Health ( 2007 ) , " traffic related air pollution contributes to about 440 premature deaths and 1,700 hospitalizations per year in Toronto .
However , gasoline vehicles are still higher in demand as compared to non gas emission vehicles , electric vehicles .
The reasons are ; short lifespan for the battery , maximum distance travelled before recharging is relatively short , relatively more costly .
" By improving the battery technology to meet these shortcomings , the world will be willing to switch to electric cars , the more environmental friendly chose .
Besides improving on the current battery technology , designing better control devices will be another engineering solution for industrial purposes .
Air pollutants from industrial sources made up to more than half of man-made emission .
For scrubbers , there are external and system parameters that are affecting the efficiency .
Thus , it is not available to maximise its capabilities .
Therefore , coming up with scrubbers and nitrogen oxide control devices that are more cost and control efficient will definitely reduce a significant amount of pollutants emission .
In conclusion , even though there are many solutions for air pollution available , the world is still suffering from bad air quality which leads to many health issues .
In the article The Generation of Innovations , Rogers ( 2003 ) stressed that the engineering design process for innovation including " problem recognition , research , development , commercialization , diffusion and consequences " .
For my home country , China , although its design process for innovation has been improved a lot , there still remain several factors which hamper the innovation process significantly .
Based on this idea , this essay will focus on two factors and explain their corresponding effects on certain design stages .
According to " Wikipedia " ( 2009 , para.1 ) , a state-owned enterprise defined as " a legal entity created by a government to undertake commercial activities on behalf of an owner government , and are usually considered to be an element or part of the state " .
Employees of state-owned enterprises do n't have to worry the financial matter and are free from pressure .
Due to the political interference in stated-owned enterprises , state-owned enterprises and other type of enterprises do not compete against each other on an equal basis .
Firstly , the directors and manager of the state-owned enterprises exploit their position and power in the company to advance their own private interests .
Thus , the money which goes into operation is reduced largely .
Furthermore , the motivations for most employees working in state-owned enterprises are pursuing the impressive salary and welfare .
As a consequence , most of the managers and employees have no sense of professional dedication and responsibility .
They are lazy and not interested in discovering .
Even if employees encounter some precious ideas by chance , they may not want to put effort into doing research and converting the ideas into production .
Thus , the above two impacts will affect the design stage , development stage significantly .
Since stated-owned enterprises play important roles in controlling and leading other type of enterprises in China , this will hamper China 's design process for innovation from macroscopic view .
Apart from the loopholes in the system of state-owned enterprises , economic shortage of China 's private companies also hampers the innovation process .
They have to prepare for competition and the possibilities of bankrupt .
One is the undesirable production .
Since most high quality and accurate equipment is very expensive , some private companies could not afford it .
The poor equipment in private companies may lead to large uncertainty in design stage .
This could further lead to undesirable productions .
In addition , due to the economic shortage , private companies may not be able to hire people with high-educated knowledge and rich experience .
Among them , the loopholes in the system of state-owned enterprises and the economic shortage of private companies are the two main causes .
If the two factors from two types of enterprises can be improved , the whole design process for innovation in China can be enhanced significantly .
It is widely believed that there is not any strong connection between technology innovations and examinations which is based on MCQs .
However , it still does .
While students can choose either by reasoning or by luck to complete their exams , the same thing is surprisingly can also be applied in technology .
Comparing two typical examples of innovations of two kinds , penicillin and vaccine discovery , we will notice some similarities as well as differences in terms of three main fields : progress of research , financial inputs and overall impact .
With penicillin discovery , such technology can be considered a huge serendipitous observation .
Upon investigation , the cause turned out to be the first antibiotic to be discovered , penicillin " .
By contrast , vaccine discovery is a kind of technology based on a sequence of basic research , followed by applied research , leading to development .
By this way , all the processes are often set up from the beginning , though sometimes mistakes were found and need adopting .
Many people are strongly convicted that conventional research is often more costly than serendipitous one .
On the contrary , in some cases the opposite applied when a unexpected observation 's financial supports was in fact much higher than those of scientific one .
The reason for this seemingly-contradictory surprise is that : while a scientific research , particularly the vaccine discovery has to go through the innovation- development process ; whether its counterpart does the same thing depends on the original research .
For instance , the discovery of penicillin , though a big serendipitous observation , still costs as many of financial supports as the discovery of vaccine .
In short , it can be concluded from the comparison between penicillin and vaccine discovery that the kind of research , whether conventional or serendipity , does say nothing about the financial supports for it .
Last but not least , it would be mistaken without mentioning the importance of two kinds of research on our society .
Both vaccine and penicillin can be considered a huge success because it provides better preparation for diseases .
However , their impacts on the whole society are still different in that : While vaccine discovery was initially carried to resolve a problem recognized before , the success of penicillin discovery is beyond our expectation .
In conclusion , both vaccine and penicillin discovery are regarded as meaningful improvements in the field of medicine .
However , the way these innovations were invented , the amount of supports for them and their overall impacts are slightly different , resulting from the essence of each kind : conventional and serendipitous research .
In 2005 , Hisense Company solved the Core Technology problem which used to worry the color TV industry of China .
Now China as the first TV production country can produce 75 million color TVs with homemade chips .
( Hisense Achieves Significant Breakthrough for Core Technology through Independent Innovation , 2005 ) In order to praise Hisense Group 's significant achievement and encourage more innovation in China industry , the chairman of Hisense Company was chosen as the economic figure of the year 2005 .
However , many companies in China are still puzzled with lack of innovative product and many enterprisers are looking forward revolutionary innovation to come .
This paper will point out two main problems which hamper engineering design process for innovation and state their respective impact on certain stages of the process .
The low technological standard is one of the significant factors which hamper engineering design process .
This problem is classified as " immature technologies , mismatch between new technology and production capacity , lack of technical personnel or brain drain " .
( Environmental Innovation in China , 2008 ) Among all these , brain drain is the root .
In China , some of the graduate students from design school may go overseas to seek more professional mentors while some of them change their profession since they do not have much opportunity to develop their talents .
For those who manage to enter design industry and start innovative work , their exposure to advanced technology is limited .
( Mootee , 2009 ) Due to these reasons , some China enterprisers do not pay much attention on innovation but concentrate more on copying and modifying western technology instead of investing on innovative product .
This problem curbs the development of engineering design process at the very beginning .
Therefore most of China enterprisers focus on short-run product and expect instant profit .
Another problem hampering engineering design process is that proprietary intellectual property is not highly valued in China .
The inventors of the decoded product fail to gain benefit that they should get .
Since their Intellectual Property Rights are not protected , people are discouraged to put in effort in the engineering design process .
Recently , the Ministry of Science and Technology of the People 's Republic of China announced that Intellectual Property Rights are the power of the development of enterprises .
( Cabinet Approves Intellectual Property Rights Guidelines , 2008 ) The related regulation and law were also issued and implemented to ensure the rights of inventors are reserved .
The government believes that this will improve the engineering design process for innovation in the near future .
To sum up , there are two main problems that widely recognized as the factors that hamper engineering design process , namely low technological standards and not highly valued proprietary intellectual property .
In order to improve engineering design process and increase people 's passion for innovation , China needs to solve these main problems .
It may appear as a high-tech term but in fact it has been put into use in various areas : radiometric dating , food irradiation , x-ray and chemotherapy in medicine and so on .
Since nuclear weapons are of mass destruction , policymakers of countries all over the world prohibit research of nuclear technology 's application in military aspect and a non-proliferation treaty has been open for signature since 1968 ( International Atomic Energy Agency , 1970 ) .
However , this act also hinders the investigation of nuclear technology since it restricts the enrichment of uranium .
Due to nuclear technology 's special application in military aspect and the complex international situation , it may be difficult for some countries to master nuclear technology and this characteristic is described as proliferation resistance ( International Atomic Energy Agency , 2004 ) .
Other than this international regulation , environmental concern is also an important determining factor in shaping nuclear technological innovations .
The notorious Chernobyl accident which caused 30 immediate deaths and affected an area of a 30 kilometer radius also reminds us of nuclear technology 's potential for causing disasters from time to time ( World nuclear association , 2009 ) .
Hence , the environmental factor also contributes to the difficulties in nuclear technology 's popularization and a lot of conventions regarding safety matters in nuclear technology application have been ratified after the accident .
Since the uranium reserves are difficult to find with present technologies , the cost of applying this technology as energy source is relatively high compared with gasoline and natural gas ( Du & Parsons , 2009 ) .
Besides , it also costs large amount of money to deal with spent fuel and radioactive waste .
According to a summary on energy solutions , designing , building of a nuclear plant and " cleaning up the plant after its operating license expires " will total as much as 2.5 to 3 billion US dollars ( Maryland pirg , n.d. , para 3 ) .
Nuclear technology 's special function in military usage makes international cooperation in this technology extremely difficult ; the radioactive character of this technology causes a lot of environmental issues and its cost in some applications is still high .
However , with increasing industrial demands , oil reserves are at depressed levels ; so it 's highly likely that we will have to seek solution in nuclear technology in the near future .
In an era which the scale of our industrial system is growing larger and larger , the consumption of resource becomes an incredible burden on the environment and people start to suffer the aftermath for the destruction and pollution we have done to the environment , a series of social issues concerning engineering and environment have been raised .
Among them , the paradox between the decreasing natural resource deposits and people 's increasing energy consumption may be given a high priority .
Upon that , according to Khandani ( 2005 ) , engineering design of products and systems may provide us a way to solve the problem .
In this essay , how does engineering design processes cope with the energy crisis will be discussed in terms of gathering pertinent information and analysis and selection of an optimized solution .
Gathering pertinent information is a crucial stage in engineering design processes , however , being neglected quite often .
As stated by Khandani ( 2005 ) , collecting enough information before finding solutions will reward you with great bonus .
Designing a new industrial system or product which works more efficient with less energy consumption is a complicated process thus needs sufficient analysis on information .
Only by doing this we can make it clear that what the state quo of energy consumption is and whether a proposal is applicable .
Supposing an engineering designing group is working on a project that should come out with a new energy-saving system in the architecture .
Besides gathering information , doing a wise selection among all the options is yet another must-do in engineering design process .
When going through this process , various factors will be considered such as function , ergonomics and liability and so on ( Khandani , 2005 ) .
Therefore , the selected proposal can hopefully be expected to be environmentally friendly , less energy consuming and safe of using at the same time .
In a sentence , when dealing with energy crisis , doing analysis and selecting the best solution is of great importance .
In conclusion , in order to deal with the energy crisis and work out with solution that is applicable , we need to do well in every step in engineering design processes .
Starting design without adequate information is risking the whole project and choosing a solution carelessly is rather a waste of all the efforts you and your teammates have ever put into the project .
Thereupon , only a carefully and wisely done engineering design can finally meet the needs of reducing energy consumption and being environmentally friendly at the same time .
Simply by scanning at the item you buy , the cashier can tell the price of the item .
This shows the power of bar code .
Bar code , being familiar as black lines with numbers , is a " method of automatic identification and data collection " ( Bellis , n.d. , para 1 ) .
Through decades of development , bar code has been shaped by social factors to some extent .
The users , especially retailers and product manufacturers , play important roles in improving bar code .
Firs and foremost , bar code emerged and developed as the times required .
The urgent demand of retailers to increase efficiency and accuracy in operation predicted the emergence of bar code .
According to Seideman ( n.d. ) , as early as in 1890 people realised their need and invented punch cards which played partial role of bar code .
However , the first application area of bar code was not supermarket or grocery but railroads .
Unfortunately , the implementation of bar code in railroad industry failed because it did not fit the industry perfectly and its functions were not completely utilized .
On the other hand , retailers then were just in need of a system like bar code .
In 1966 , a grocery industry meeting regarding implementation of bar code was held by RCA ( Seideman , n.d. ) .
Today the demands of users are still shaping bar code , expanding it to more application fields like libraries and post industry .
Another factor that affects bar code 's development is the economic concerns .
As bar code is designed to store information of the products , all products have to be labelled .
Besides , users have to buy devices that read bar code as well .
So economy cost became a big concern .
Due to this reason , bar code was not broadly implemented as soon as it was invented .
The concerns pushed the technology forward , and eventually came the bar code we use nowadays .
Having settled the economic concerns of users , bar code wins users ' heart quickly .
Since its first read in 1974 , bar code has been adopted for 35 years ( Shih , 2009 ) .
The economic factors have been shaping bar code and making it survive even facing the great competitor RFID ( Shih , 2009 ) .
In addition to the demands and economic concerns , the wide range of users helps to improve bar code .
It promotes bar code to be developed into an internationally recognized and commonly readable system .
It is clear that globalization is inevitable which means bar code has to adjust itself to meet globalization .
Apparently , a standard system is needed otherwise it will be difficult to trade .
Bar code has been standardised since 1970s and it is being improved accordingly ( Seideman , n.d. ) .
Besides globalization , the various kinds of users shape it to an easily implemented technology .
To sum up , bar code is an important technology .
Because of users ' demands , financial capability of users and wide range of users , bar code is shaped to an innovation which is globally recognized and essential to the world .
The shortage of natural resources mean that all raw materials required for engineering design process for innovations would have to come from import .
This by itself poses problems such as greater cost incurred for innovations , shipment fees , as well as a delay in engineering design process .
The higher cost makes it expensive for engineering designing processes hence groups that do not have funding or sufficient funding will be held back .
This is because the designing process usually involves a lot of trial and error , using various materials for different parts of the innovation , in order to optimize the best working condition for the item of innovation .
Professor Seah ( 2009 ) mentioned that the Formula Society of Automotive Engineers ( FSAE ) their first formula race car took 2 years instead of 1 to be produced , partly because of a lack of raw materials and funding .
The long shipping time and greater cost due to importing of raw materials delayed the engineering design process as they only have a plan of the race car but no chance to physically fabricate the parts and build the car , while the raw materials are still on their way to Singapore Another problem which could greatly affect the engineering process for designing is a lack of funding .
The designing process requires a large amount of raw materials for repeated fabrications of each part with different material in order to obtain the most suitable material to optimize the function of the product of innovation .
Even for the same kind of material , it might have to be used several times as the parts fabricated is not necessarily always in the expected condition when it is first made , resulting in a wastage and hence greater consumption of raw materials and therefore a greater cost incurred in the designing process .
Without funding , this step of designing would be impossible especially if the raw materials are required in large quantity .
Water supply has always been a key issue for consideration by Singapore government .
This dependence on neighboring countries for water creates a need for Singapore to become more self-reliant on water supply .
Hence when idea of water desalination first came out , it was greatly funded by Singapore government for further improvements in Singapore .
Water-technology.net claims that tuas desalination plants produces water at 110000 cubic meters , enough to meet 10 % of Singapore 's daily water needs ( At 110,000m3/day , n.d. ) .
The UK Technology Education Centre states that " Social determinism refers to the hypothesis that social interactions and constructs alone determine individual behaviour ( as opposed to biological or objective factors ) " .
" Social determinisms affect demands of products and thus the revenue and profit .
Toshiba laptop is largely affected by social determinists .
Its success is determined mainly by three factors : company 's perception towards the product , economic factor and social factor .
The most important factor that contributes to Toshiba 's success is changes in company 's perceptions towards the product .
When the first laptop was being produced , corporate executives were still against the idea of selling the new laptop .
Even though the project took an extra two months , it helped to increase market share of Toshiba .
This example shows that the change in perception leads to different outcome .
If there have been no changes in views of investors , Toshiba laptops would not have existed in the current market .
Besides the company 's perceptions , economic factor also play an important role .
At that time , the offices were cramped and there were no space available for workers to place their desktop .
This convenience increases efficiency of workers as they are now able to work from anywhere in their offices besides their desk area .
" More technology savvy people demand for laptop and thus the company constantly innovated and improved in order to bring the invention to greater heights .
The Toshiba laptop was successful because of economic , social and the change in the company 's perceptions of the product .
Most of these discoveries are made due to normal research .
But there still existed a lot of discoveries that were made as a result of serendipitous result of normal research which always had some interesting stories behind them .
Although these two types of discoveries could both influence the society , there are two interesting differences between them in designing process .
Usually , the normal research is due to a certain need in life and wants to make some discovery to meet the need .
All the process in the research is to serve the purpose .
In contrast , there is always no specific need for the serendipitous discovery and the research which makes the discovery is usually for other purpose , and the serendipitous discovery is usually due to unexpected result of a normal research .
3M Company wanted to find a kind of super glue but unexpectedly they found this kind of glue that was not strong but could be used several times .
But this unexpected result led to the successful product of a new kind of notes which is now well knownPost-it .
For normal discovery , this is not a big problem because the discovery is for serving a specific purpose .
But for serendipitous discovery , as the discovery is unexpected nobody will know the potential use of it after the discovery is made .
Even there is a possibility that nobody will notice it .
So it is much harder to turn it into use .
But fortunately , we got very smart and careful people who were able to find them and find a way to use them .
But he only invented a kind of material which was bright luster than other materials but not strong enough .
But later he thought why not made this beautiful material into dinner set ?
Although there are differences between the two types of discoveries , there is also some similarities between them .
For example , they both are discovered in research , they have to be developed to a certain degree before commercialization , and finally they have to be turned into products and so on .
( Rogers , 2003 ) In conclusion , there are two main differences between normal discovery and serendipitous discovery , one is the purpose and process of the research and the other one is the process to turn the discoveries into use .
Anyhow , both of them have made a great contribution to the human society and hope there will be more discoveries being made , no matter which type they are .
Living in a small country like Singapore has various limitations and thus more challenging for her to compete with larger nations .
A majority of these limitations would increases the cost of the innovation and hence require careful design .
One of these problems includes the city-state 's lack of land space which would affect the structural design of the innovation particularly if it was on the large scale .
This issue particularly affects innovations that are on the larger scale , as large cost will be incurred in the construction of its foundations .
This increase in cost will hence hinder the market value and affect the economic analysis stage of the design process .
Take for example the housing in Singapore , which comprises mainly of Housing Development Board [ HDB ] flats .
In view of the collapse of Nicoll highway back in April 2004 , HDB has put up very strict requirements on the piling process and the materials used , like grade 30 concrete should be used in piling .
Similarly , the steel structure that forms the backbone of the buildings , require a minimum of 3mm steel gauge at least .
Contradictory to its limited land area as discussed earlier , it houses more than 4 million people .
New innovations thus have to consider its design rather seriously given the circumstances .
All these will seriously affect the functionality analysis stage of the design process , as more time and consideration will have to be channeled into this portion .
One example of a properly located and well-designed amenity would be the Mass Rail transit [ MRT ] stations .
Some stations are made connected to shopping malls while others to bus interchanges , thereby making transport in Singapore relatively convenient .
In addition to that , some of these stations like City Hall and Dhoby Ghaut station , not only play the role of an important hub in Singapore 's transport system , but also an internal shopping center within itself .
City- link , which is connected to city hall station , is an underground network of shops that link itself to other larger shopping facilities .
Such an example shows how proper planning of the amenities lead to the success of the application .
Compare and contrast about guncotton and explosive
Such as the invention of new explosive , in order to find new explosive Nobel spent nearly all his time doing experiments in his library .
But there are still some technology is invented from a serendipitous discovery .
Such as guncotton , it is invented by Schoenbein by chance .
Difference between these two inventions is the ideas about how to invent them come out in different ways .
As we all know Nobel is a very hardworking and brave man .
He nearly used all his time to work for new explosive and his younger brother dead in a failing experiment at the same time his brother 's death had an unbalancing affection on his father .
His father dead right after his younger brother ( Nils .
The story about how Schoenbein invented guncotton was quite an interesting story .
According to Yang ( 2007 ) , " when Schoenbein is doing experiments he overthrew a bottle of chemical solution , and the solution flowed on the table Schoenbein found nothing but his wife 's apron to clean the table .
After he finished cleaning he thought that his wife will blame him after she saw what he had done .
When he walked near the stove the apron burned without any smoke and ashes left .
" Nobel can invent the explosive successfully because of his diligence and the attitude towards science which made him never give up .
Schoenbein came up with his idea accidentally and finally made an great invention for the word .
First of all they are both invented by prudential chemists .
If Noble is not a prudential person and do not do his experiments and observe the phenomenon seriously though he is hardworking he may never invent the new explosive successfully .
But without the prudential attitude towards science he may miss his good luck and did not go on finding how can this phenomenon occur .
Secondly these two technologies both made great contribute to the industry and military affairs .
As both of them are explosive , people use them to exploit mines , tear down great buildings and provide a high temperature for many chemical experiments .
Engineer use them to make all kinds of weapons .
Technology no matter it was developed via research or resulted from a serendipitous was scientist 's greatest contribution to the word .
However , the unprecedentedly rapid economic growth , driven by manufacturing and export industry , probably prevent people from discovering the problems that may impede engineering design process for innovation .
Two of these problems involve the special political environment and Chinese people 's mindset , which already have negative influence on several stages of engineering design process for innovation in China .
First of all , the special political environment many account for the stall of some stages of the whole process , such as the stage of recognizing a need or problem and the stage of innovation-development .
As it was unveiled in the research report , it somehow took longer for the health facilities to obtain approval from the State Health Agency than to actually build or extend the needed facilities .
In truth , the hospital would not be allowed to renovate unless it discarded ten beds ( ) .
As Michael Keane ( 2007 ) has noted , the common assumption existing long among the Chinese was that productivity directly equals to material production .
In current stage , political environment and people 's mindset are two of the problems that may hamper engineering design process for innovation .
Both can be classified as a kind of special glue , the history of post-it notes and super glue seems rather different .
The post-it notes are resulted from a serendipitous discovery , while the super glue is developed gradually via standard research process .
However , it turns out later that the serendipitous discovery actually has no real target in this stage , because the real use of post-it note seems totally different from what it has been expected at the beginning .
The next stage research is to use the scientific method to fulfill the previous target .
So we can find that the super glue 's inventor successfully find what he needs while the post-it notes ' inventor create a strange glue that is low adhesive but re-adherable .
In this stage , the difference between the two kinds of discoveries turns to be that the serendipitous discovery 's inventor could not meet his initial needs like the normal inventor but accidently create a totally different product instead .
And from the third stage onward , the post-it notes and the super glue finally share the similarity .
One is low adhesive but re-adherable so is used to make notes that can be attached to documents and other surfaces freely .
The other one is high adhesive and functions quickly so can be used to glue many materials quickly with great strength .
The inventors both find their usages and successfully make them more practical and considerate .
So it is no more surprising that the two products both become very popular among the consumers as soon as they come out .
Technological determinism means the belief of a technology causes changes in society ( Rogers , 2003 ) , while social determinism argues that technology is constructed by social factors .
One important technology which was shaped by a specific group of users is electric vehicles , which had been shaped by four different factors that are technical , economic factors , social , and political changes .
Technical factor is one of the four elements that determine the development of electric vehicle .
Compared to the structure of a conventional automobile , electric vehicle has a similar structure but different components .
Electric vehicle has a lighter weight as most of its parts are made up of aluminium .
In addition , electric vehicle is safe to drive around as it is solely using electricity , while most conventional vehicles require gasoline , which is inflammable .
On the other hand , electric vehicle utilizes electrical energy by using batteries , so the engine is relatively clean , emission-free and quiet .
However , there are less charging stations and electric vehicle requires a long recharge time .
Economically , technology for electric vehicles had not widely met the need because less promotion was held and there was a mass production of gasoline type automobiles .
Furthermore , electric vehicles were not advertised in precise manners .
Besides , declined cost in oil in the past encouraged people to buy gasoline cars .
At this point , there was a mass production of gasoline cars .
In the end , gasoline vehicles controlled the monopoly on automobiles in market .
Compared to conventional vehicles that are available now , electric vehicles are socially determined in several reasons : limited range of electric vehicles , beliefs and values of the society today .
Despite several advantages , their interests towards electric cars are fading .
They also feel that these cars are less attractive compared to conventional cars too .
In addition , political factors can affect how the sales of vehicles go , which include government 's adherence to this technology .
People lose interests as government is not supportive .
Not only that government provides subsidies and incentives to users , who use gasoline cars , but also constructs and designs roads for conventional vehicles .
All in all , we can easily see that from these examples , many factors that specified by other group of users have led electric vehicles to a decline .
Nowadays , with the ever-accelerated technology , many inventions come into being , and many new words come with them as well .
It is a widely used rat poison in the world !
Link then made a research and found coumarin inside the sweet clover hay , which resulted in puncturing cattle 's stomachs and caused internal bleeding .
This kind of chemicals enlightened Professor Link on applying them to killing rats .
Finally , the famous warfarin came into use !
It is a typical serendipity example , which in fact shares some common points with a conventional research .
The first similarity is that at the first step , they both require scientists to make every effort to get the results that scientists expected them to be .
The second similarity that I consider is about luck .
Take Nobel 's invention of dynamics for example .
Without luck , he may die of the exploding of the dynamics and would not shout that excitedly " I make it !
" Thus , luck is required at every successful experiment , let alone serendipity , which requires more luck to achieve another result to just meet a certain kind of people 's need coincidentally .
Although there are similarities existing , they differ from each other in several respects .
Do you know some things about the invention of microwave ?
At first , Spencer cooperated with the British to study the microwave in military use .
By accident , he found that the chocolate bars in his pocket were melted when exposed to microwave .
This phenomenon interested him to use an egg for experiment .
Then the microwave oven came into use !
To conclude , both serendipity and a conventional research require luck and they are similar in their own first step , but the difference is that a serendipity finding is not on purpose and it is sometimes resulted from an additional discovery through a research .
However , both of them are needed to make scientific world a more magic and wonderful world !
Recent data indicates that well-known Xiaonei.com to be the largest social networking site in China , open to the public , mainly university students .
Charging free , Xiaonei.com stands out with 63.4 % share of the social networking site market ( Wang , 2008 ) .
In my humble opinion , its success is owing to both social and economic factors .
On the social part , Xiaonei.com builds its success on the true networking environment it provides , well-rounded functions and convenience in looking for friends and classmates .
As mentioned before , undergraduate is predominant among groups of users .
Undergraduate students may probably feel secured , and thus free to share diaries , pictures and updates with friends , which may not be the case in other sites in the virtue Internet world .
Furthermore , Xiaonei.com incorporates all kinds of functions such as the instant communication of MSN , online games and other applications like daily forecast of fortune .
Instead , what should be done is simply logging in Xiaonei.com and then almost all the expected functions are available .
Last but not least , users save time in looking for their friends and simply get things done in a second as long as the information on the school and class is obtained .
In fact , many have been Xiaonei.com 's partners , believing that their advertisement can boost their reputation and influence .
The popularity and market size not only benefit Xiaonei.com on advertisement , but also earns Xiaonei.com large amount of investment which in turn brings Xiaonei.com further .
On the strong basis of capital and reputation Xiaonei.com is reaching out to students beyond mainland China throughout the world .
To add on , network effect , an Economics jargon meaning that people incline to stay in the network unless their followers leave , also do help Xiaonei.com secure its market share .
In addition , Xiaonei.com also gains the payment if more advanced features is needed , obviously depending on the market size and reputation as well .
All in all , market share , obtained from the social factors , does and will secure the achievement of Xiaonei.com by profit in advertisement and advanced service and most importantly , investment .
True identity of user of Xiaonei.com is indefinitely the outstanding social factor , which matches university students ' expectation to share their true life in a secure way .
This was first developed by Frank Whittle in 1937 and installed in military aircrafts during the World War II .
Military priority during the World War II was an important factor in propelling the design and use of jet engine .
Finally just a few months before the invasion of Poland by Germany and in the wake of possible threats , the Air ministry finally took Frank 's work seriously and promised funding in Frank 's research ( Younossi et al.,2003 ) .
As we can see , if there is no threat of war , the British Government may not provide any funding at all .
The jet engine will not be invented at all as people then do not see the need for plane to travel so fast .
The social setting of the invention also plays an interesting role in shaping the history of jet engine .
Two feasible engines had meet up with different fate due to the different social settings .
After the war , peace returned and economy prospered due to reconstruction efforts .
As we can see , a change in society trend can completely revolutionize the usage of a technology .
Since the reform and open policy was established in 1978 , China has enjoyed a booming development in economics and technology .
A large amount of foreign capitals as well as advanced foreign technologies have been introduced to China .
As a result , a lot of factories are built to provide the whole world with cheap and qualified products .
Many Chinese enterprises do not have their own technology and the technological innovation is mainly relied on the introduced foreign technology .
What exactly hamper the engineering design innovations in China ?
University professors are also exposed of plagiarism .
A notable number of Chinese factories make piratical products by copying foreign products .
For example , Meizu , a Chinese electrical manufactory famous for its pseudo " Apple inspired design " music players recently comes up with a new product M8 .
They tend to copy other engineers ' work and become less creative , which in turn , significantly hamper the engineering design innovation of the whole nation .
However , the game company is lack of capitals for research and development since most players are using cracked version of Xianjian .
By reducing the plagiarism rate of Chinese institutes and gradually converting the conservative consumption concept of Chinese people , China can really make a big difference .
Food shortage is much more serious than it used to be now .
According to an article published on the Internet , the impact of food crisis is historically spreading from developing world to developed world ( Kate Smith and Rob Edwards , 2009 ) .
Appropriate facilities , efficient technology support and proper use of food are required to increase the food production in order to solve the food shortage problem .
First and foremost , government should improve the facilities in the current agriculture system to satisfy the fundamental requirements .
To be more accurate , in the developing countries , government should make a good plan to build irrigation canal and bank based on the analysis of local climate and geography .
Government should provide stable surroundings for farmers to plant food .
Protecting plant away from droughts and floods is necessary to have a good harvest .
Besides the infrastructure construction , another advisable method to increase production is to mechanize the agriculture system .
Armed with machine , farmers can make the most of limited farmland and time .
In addition to the improvement of facilities in the current agriculture system , high-tech support also plays a crucial role in increasing food production .
It is effortless to come up with the idea that we can use biological engineering way to change certain properties of plants .
Government should also make some regulations to urge experts to teach farmers how to farm scientifically .
Then a better harvest is got .
Having made a good plan to help farmers to produce more food , government must use the food properly .
It is an inhuman action to turn food into ethanol to feed cars instead of helping those starving people .
Government should not abuse food .
Apart from infrastructure , high-tech technology also can do a big favor in this issue .
Standard of living has become higher and higher .
" Without money , engineers ca n't continue and improve their ideas .
In fact , most of those researches have only existed in paper and laboratories .
According to Do ( 2008 ) , around 28,000 square kilometers of the country 's land had an average wind speed of over seven meters per second ( para .
The condition of shortage of skilled workers has appeared for a long time , but recently , in speeding up production process , this condition becomes urgent .
In Binh Duong , a province of Vietnam , the real situation is " roughly 50,000 labors were needed to fill positions each year " ( " Firms grapple with shortage " , 2009 ) .
However , in many training schools , there is still lack of facilities and equipment that ca n't help workers improve their practical skill .
Therefore , from now , Vietnamese government should find a solution to link factories and companies with schools in training workers .
With the investment from them , the school has abilities to modernize facilities so that training condition will be better .
The shortage of investment and skilled workers is a problem needing solutions rapidly as well as lastingly .
Undergoing this challenge , Vietnam will gain more power to catch up with the developed world .
Engineering design processes for innovations are very important to the industry of China .
Here , a make an example .
Compared with traditional metal conduit , plastic conduit has the advantages of lighter in weight , stronger ability to bear corrosion and smaller resistance .
In addition , plastic conduit saves sources , costs less and is easily fixed .
As a result , plastic conduit is very popular from engineers .
However , nowadays , there are some problems hamper the engineering design processes for innovations in China .
Although the scale of the raw materials manufacture for the plastic conduit is extending and the quality of the materials is increasing , there are still some problems .
Second , the qualities of the materials are not steady .
This is mainly due to our production system is not advanced .
This problem is because of our short comings in the technology .
The last , the price of the raw materials fluctuate greatly .
The price of the ordinary materials are suitable and almost the same as other countries .
However , the special raw materials are very expensive , especially some accessories and some assistants .
However , the criterions about these techniques are still under constituting .
These problems lead to a result that although there are good products , plastic conduit can not exert its special functions because the workers do not have the necessary knowledge and still follows the outdated methods .
As a result , the laggard utilization of the plastic conduit hampers the process of engineering design .
However , just like plastic conduit , there are many engineering designs which have not developed into perfect innovations in China because of the problems exist now .
In the board sweep of scientific history , scientists have made a lot of discoveries via research .
In contrast , a lot of serendipitous discoveries were made at the same time .
" Although Louis Pasteur once said that " chance favors only the prepared mind " , it was fortune that have done the most job to make Fleming the person who found penicillin .
Maybe it was just because that Fleming discovered the penicillin by chance , he did not experience any failure during the discovering process , while the discovery of the DNA 's structure did not seem to be that easy and the process did not seem to be smooth , either .
Everything seems progressing normally .
The discovering process of penicillin and the structure of DNA were totally different , but the scientists have made significant contribution to human beings by making both discoveries .
Over the years , man has come up with many marvelous ideas and technologies which helped to simplify our lives by a huge leap .
Often than not , they are chanced upon when the researchers are researching on something else instead .
Let us take a closer look at two examples , the electric car as technology that was developed via research and warfarin which was a result of a serendipitous discovery , and find out what are some of their similarities and differences in terms of their popularity , usefulness , production cost , and other usages .
And though they were given thrity minutes after the test-drive to ask questions , they find that it was not enough to ask all the questions that they have in mind .
They even asked for more cards when they finished giving out what they have .
The warfarin is useful as rats causes a lot of problems especially to farmers , and warfarin is very effective against them .
The electric car is a large scale project where large amount of money is pumped into doing research in order to improve the car .
Besides that , each individual part that make up the car is also expensive .
Right from the first Industrial Revolution , human 's daily life is being enriched by exploding number of inventions .
Currently human beings require more varies and amount of inventions .
Both of the two methods require tough jobs and their researchers must overcome the impacts of unpredictable market during the process .
One similarity the two technologies share is that the process is tough .
Because of market demands , researchers have to work overloaded so as to come out the technology faster .
Besides , researchers have to repeat the same experiment hundreds of times until success .
After concluding previous experiences , Edison tried about 1600 different materials as filament with noting down each of their performances .
And finally all the efforts turned to be success that the first light in the world appeared in 1879 .
In other words , no matter the technology derives from a convention or it is definitely a new innovation , it has to be prepared for the worst outcome .
Therefore , the two types of technologies are alike since tough jobs are required and researchers must be ready for any consequence given by the unpredicted market .
As conventionally generated technology is always upgraded from a previous technology , in contrast , innovation is to come up with a total new technology which has fewer references .
Moreover , conventionally generated technology and innovation receive different attitudes from other people .
As conventionally generated technology obeys people 's psychological inertia so that it can easily satisfy people .
In addition , the previous technology it is based on may have already gained reputations , hence the majority of people will support the R&D process and the process is always under observation .
The researchers of the innovation may receive poor feedbacks in the prior market research , or someone even regard the researchers as idiots .
Take the birth of the first Toshiba laptop as an example , initially the idea of the laptop could not be accepted by the organizational hierarchy of Toshiba .
However the engineer Mizoguchi persisted to research the laptop in a skunkworks environment , and finally he got the triumph and nowadays laptop is becoming essential in our daily life .
As a most important aspect to contribute to the development of science and technology of the nation as well as improve living standard of people , engineering design for innovations plays a significant role in the current Chinese society .
It does have some advantages ; however , it has more side effect on people 's innovation and creation .
Students are required to remember whatever books read and teaches teach without thinking about whether it is true or not .
They pursue further study in purpose of getting a better job rather than do research .
This phenomenon is partially a result of the social prejudice that the society respects those with power more than intelligentsias .
Paper , as the major measurement of one 's achievement in academic circles , causes the situation to be even worse .
In order to issue more papers in some magazines , some engineers even use money to buy the opportunities of issuing their articles .
Improving the education system and developing right academic atmosphere are essential and urgent .
Only removing the obstacles can engineers develop science and technology and design new things of innovations .
Because the project usually spends a lot of money , one should have a backup , such as a company , to give financial support .
In conventional way , one should receive an approval from the corporate executives due to the company bureaucracy in order to do the project .
A conventionally generated technology and an innovation that was created in a skunkworks environment differ in organizational structure and time consumption , but similar in the doers and the purpose .
People who do the project in a conventional way should receive an approval from the corporate executives before these people start the project .
In some cases , although the idea of the project was brilliant , the executives rejected the proposal due to the economic situation of the company .
In contrast , a project which is done in a skunkworks environment does not undergo the company 's bureaucracy .
As a result of the difference in organizational structure , a conventionally generated technology and an innovation that was created in a skunkworks environment also differ in time consumption .
Despite these differences , a conventionally generated technology and an innovation that was created in a skunkworks environment have two similarities .
For instance , Ron Avitzur and Greg Robbins needed professional quality assurance people to test the project and professional writing software people to write the software in the graphing calculator project ( Avitzur , 2004 ) .
For instance , hand phone is made in order to communicate with another person in the different place in an easier way .
A conventionally generated technology and an innovation that was created in a skunkworks environment are different but alike .
Though they are different in organizational structure and time consumption , but both still have similarities in the doers and the purpose .
Since a company still have to consider a number of factors when making a decision , bureaucracy in the company will not be gone .
However , by looking at the efficiency of the skunkworks , it is possible for a company to reduce the bureaucracy in order to come out with more innovations .
As we all know , the resource mentioned above is non-renewable , and it is also limited .
Then a new problem comes out .
What if human use up the resource in the world ?
What can human live on ?
So , we need to create machines which consume less energy .
The step of industrialization becomes faster and faster , so numerous energies are needed .
And the crisis of shortage of energies has come out to some extent .
" from this report , we can realize the significance of solving this crisis .
Engineers can design new kinds of machines and find new material which can be used to manufacture instruments so that less energy can be consumed .
Today , the well known bio-fuel ( the biological one ) are ethanol and biodiesel .
( Emilian M. Dobrescu and Ciolacu C. B.C. ,2009 ) Since the fuel generates from plants , it means that new energy is renewable .
So engineers should do more research on new energy and take more fearless experiments to see if there are some plants can be used to produce energy .
Human has faced a very serious problem , the crisis of shortage of energy .
So what engineers should do is to invent new machines which can consume less energy and find new sorts of resources to replace the old non renewable one .
The crisis will almost be solved if we take these two solutions into action .
Furthermore , Engineers should take responsibility to make contribution to the solution , to produce products which can make human live better .
In recent years , Singapore has placed more and more emphasis on research and development , establishing her status of being home to innovations .
Annually , millions of funds are being pumped into the R&D sector to encourage innovations to offer solutions to the pressing challenges Singapore faces .
One problem faced by engineering design in Singapore is the various restrictions due to socio-political system of the country .
Singapore is renowned for her strict implementation of rules , and in times it may be seen as too inflexible .
In recent years , the core objectives of the country 's research and development project have been directed in the area of clean energy and water technology .
As a result , innovation process is interrupted at the stage of research and development with the absence of supports and attention .
This can be attributed to the inflexibility of the system causing rejection of innovations that is less relevant with the corporate or country 's interest .
High cost may be incurred for certain research when scarce resource or externally imported resources involved .
Foreign experts may also be engaged to facilitate researches .
Aside from the lack of resources for the research and development stage , difficulties may be faced in finding suitable target group for the innovation result within the country .
The low population of the country disables experimentation on a large scale basic which eventually may cause inaccuracy in the result .
Indeed just earlier this year , a team of National University of Singapore researchers find themselves facing this problem .
However , a problem was faced when they attempt to test out the chair .
They could not get access to enough deaf children locally for the test thus had to travel to Sri Lanka for the test out .
In the engineering of the eco-car , it is also evident that the lack of resources poses great deal of challenges to the team of NUS students , having to import the materials outside of Singapore .
Hence the process of engineering design is hampered by the lack of resource not only at stages of research and development , but also in the diffusion of the innovation .
In conclusion , despite Singapore 's efforts in establishing herself as the Home for Innovations , engineer are compelled by several restrictions such as lack of resources and the inflexibility of the social system .
In fact , great success has been achieved in some areas where it face less restrictions .
In the 21st century , everything develops in a very fast pace .
The needs of human beings increase .
In order to meet the people 's needs , the engineers or scientists start to do research and design something for the people 's sake .
They keep on trying and repeating the experiments , and eventually succeed to generate a new technology .
The serendipitous discovery of new ideas therefore , sometimes comes out during the trials .
No matter the technology was resulted from a long period of research or a serendipitous discovery , this technology must have been done by a group or an individual who has already acquired certain knowledge .
They are believed to have undergone many researches and discussions .
According to Rogers ( 2003 ) , six main stages are involved in the way to come out the technology , they are recognizing a problem , research , development , commercialization , diffusion and adoption and consequences .
This is not an easy works but requires times and efforts to deal with it .
Moreover , although the serendipitous idea is not the desirable outcome , it benefits the world .
This antibiotic is the first drug that is effective against the syphilis and staphylococcus infections .
It successfully saved the people who suffered from the diseases and gave them happiness to have the chance to live again .
Similarly , the discovery of laptop benefits the individual , the society and the world .
It saves the people whose surrounding 's space is small and compact , brings a lot of conveniences to the society .
Nowadays laptop has combined with many functions such as camera , microphone , wi-fi receiver and so on .
We do n't need to buy the devices and it will actually save many spaces .
Every time when we want to discuss assignments with friends , we ca n't bring along the conventional desktop to anywhere .
With the invention of portable personal computer , we can now bring along it to wherever we like !
In spite of the benefits that both serendipitous discovery and research discovery have , there actually exist differences of the two technologies .
The laptop is a product after somebody generates the idea and plans the procedures to make it out .
Therefore , it is a quite safe design for us to use .
However , we actually take a higher risk of the side-effect to consume the penicillin .
We only know that the penicillin can cure the syphilis disease , but we will never know what diseases might be caused by consuming penicillin as there exists a lot of uncertainties .
In brief , the two products , laptop and penicillin , are either generated through a long period of research or a serendipitous discovery , they are both made out to meet the people 's requirements .
Although they may not be the best outcome to fulfil the people 's needs , they still lead the world to a technological innovation .
Topic : How electrical dictionary is shaped by students ' need and the specific factors that have shaped its innovation .
I have been witnessed the development of electronic dictronary .
From the huge one with the simplest function to today 's lovely and multi-functional one , electronic dictronary have been refined again and again .
The development of electronic dictronary is deeply shaped by the need of students , who are the majority of their customers .
In the latter paragraphs , i will talk about how students ' need determine the development of electronic dictronary .
The most obevious change is that the function of electronic dictronary has greatly improved due to the change in students demand .
At the very beginning , it can do nothing but look up words .
In comparision , nowadays electronic dictronary are much more multi-functional .
For example , it can not only look up words in Chinese and English as the old one does , but also many other languages , like Japanese and Franch as well .
And what they need to do is simply downloading programms and install them in the electronic dictronary .
Moreover , as students are not content with a boring study tool , electronic dictronary today can act as good company during leisure time because it possesses the function of MP3/MP4 player and even PSP !
Another significant improvement is the appearance of electronic dictronary .
Instead of the hand-size one , it is only lemon-size big now with a much lighter weight .
As a direct result , it is convience to carry and win students ' regards .
As English is a complusary course to learn in China , electronic dictronary has almost become a necessity to students .
Thus it is not simply a tool , but a personal belonging to reprsent their appitite and modernise .
Last but not least , the price of electronic dictronary is also influenced by students .
As students do not have job , they have to ask their parents for money .
In addition , the limitation of electronic dictronary , such as no access to the the Internet , also determines that the price of electronic dictronary can not be too high .
In conclusion , electronic dictronary plays an importance role in students ' study , and students in return shape and decide the development of electronic dictronary in many aspects , like price , appearance and function .
It can be seen that as technology develops , electronic dictronary will be more and more helpful to students .
However , there are also occasional chances that R&D workers fortuitously discover an invention when they were actually pursuing something else .
However , there are still differences between a technology developed with via research such as the electric car and one serendipitously discovered like penicillin .
This development received great responses from people throughout the US as it signifies one big step towards solving existing environmental problems such as the global warming .
The conventional innovation process requires the engineers to first identify a human need before the research officially begin .
Take the development of electric cars as an example , engineers recognized the increasing emphasis on eco friendliness , and therefore developed the vehicle without fuel powered engine to ease global warming .
On the other hand , a serendipitously discovered product is not the preset goal that the researchers want to achieve .
Technological innovations shaped the modern lifestyle .
We use electricity , watch television , surfing around the billions of website every day .
However , it is clear that these inventions are not produced overnight and human beings had put in a lot of time and efforts to develop and generate them .
One of the main differences between conventionally generated technology and skunkwork product is the speed of generating the product .
According to Rogers ( 2003 ) , skunkwork refers to a small group of highly selected people designated to do research for an innovation without carry out tedious organization procedures .
While conventional research requires the researchers to do large amount of reports , discussions and management procedures , skunkwork provides pathway to develop an invention quickly without being constrained by bureaucratic processes .
Therefore , innovations that were created in a skunkwork environment are usually created faster than those inventions created by conventional research .
In contrast , a conventionally generated technology may not have move that fast .
Therefore , conventionally generated technology usually moves slower than that of the skunkwork production .
Conventional researches must undergo step-by-step managements to maintain the continuity and stability of a company .
A good illustration was the failure of Xerox PARC in bringing their outstanding technologies into marketplace .
In contrast , skunkwork provides an alternative which is beneficial to technological inventions as well as organization procedure .
The specified team was given resources and freedom to develop and make changes as they see any problem in the invention .
Generally , both ways served to provide better life to the society and gives profit to the company .
For instance , a conventionally generated invention , electric refrigerator was produced to meet the needs of human .
On the other hand , skunkwork innovation , such as the production of Toshiba laptop enables users to bring laptop to anywhere .
This invention also makes a lot of profit to the company .
To sum up , conventionally generated technology and skunkwork invention bear some differences and shares some common points .
Although they differs in the procedure throughout the development of a technology , the 2 ways are heading towards a common goalto produce a better environment for human beings .
Engineering design process is a suitable method that allows engineers to analyze the problems and developing solutions to it .
The following is an example of using engineering design process as an approach to solve the problem .
The topic that is catching most attention nowadays would be on global warming or climatic change .
There are many different views and stands about global warming , discussions are still carrying out between the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ( IPCC ) and delegates from oil and gas industry .
Many people have been trying tremendously hard in reducing the carbon emission by using clean energy or going into a vegetarian diet .
These methods do work , but only minority of the population is doing it , and results could only be seen after many years of efforts .
Instead of reducing the carbon emission , we can solve this impending crisis by finding some methods that reduces the heat source or able to manipulate the heat input onto Earth .
Research has shown that whenever a volcano erupts , it releases large amount of dust and gaseous chemicals causing a thick layer of haze to form around the planet , thus reducing the average temperature of Earth by almost one degree Fahrenheit .
These ideas may sound ludicrous , however it is the easiest method that enables us to store more time while we change our lifestyle and prepares for global warming .
Launching of sunshades has two advantages , firstly to store enough time to change our lifestyle permanently , example reduce in poultry consumption , reducing the usage of non-environmental friendly materials .
Secondly , to develop more advance technologies such as clean fuel and energy conserving systems .
Locating the sunshades at remote areas , reduce the probability of injuries in case of any accident .
The material use for the sunshades will mainly be some reflective materials , example sulfate .
Sunshades switch over would be carry out periodically , as maintenance work could be quite tedious as changing of parts will requires the sun shades to ascend down .
High durability , battery life and able to function at low temperatures must be considered during the design phase .
In brief , geoengineering solution allows us to fight global warming temporary , it is just a mitigation approach and not a preventive one .
Although the description of the designing process is simple and clear , the implement of engineering design is rather complicated and requires several crucial qualities .
First of all , Chinese education system largely destroyed students ' creative thinking skills .
Inovative thinking contains natural curiosity and bold imagination whereas analytical thinking is comprised of experiences .
The schools in China usually aim at cultivating students ' analytical skills by teaching them knowledge and testing them on the knowledge been taught .
As the experiences filling up students ' minds , their curiosity is fading day by day until they do n't even bother to take notice the world surrounding them .
In scientific world , most of the greatest contributers are from western countires ; the only two Chinese scientist who won Nobel Prize developed their theories in America .
As a result of the impulsive atmosphere , Chinese government focused too much on economic development but input too little on technological research .
Compared with the developed countries , China stressed more on implement rather than generation of engineering design .
Engineering design is a meaningful work but requires lots of sacrifice and devotion since it could n't generate benefits promplty and directly .
The lack of innovative thinking skills and the indifference to the creative work have already hampered Chinese engineering design .
To promote creative-centered research and design , China have to transform greatly in these two dimensions .
With concised understanding of the problem and important information , the design will move to the next stage of creating solutions .
The lives of patients can not be placed in jeopardy and inventing a design that comprises on safety of the patient was an absolute no .
However in modern times , the engineering design developed very slowly .
Why did this happen ?
Even nowadays there are still some problems existed which hamper the engineering design process .
Here we are going to talk about two problems , the examination-oriented education system and the worship of authorities .
The examination-oriented education , as the name implies , is the education whose purpose is getting high grades in the exam .
Teachers teach for the exam .
This results that students have high scores but low abilities .
In the third step of the design processgenerate multiple solutions , this needs divergent thinking and analytical skills , whereas the examinationoriented education do not emphasis the importance of thinking and skills .
Its only purpose is high score in the exam .
The skills which needed in the design process can not be gain from such an education system .
China has already find ways to solve these problems , but solving these problems needs time .
I believe that one day there is no problem in the way to innovation in China .
To look from the former point of view , it means that the technology has played a part in shaping the society today .
While viewing from the latter would suggest that it is due to the societal factors that has shaped the technology today ( Rogers , 2003 ) .
Social construction of technology is also what called as the social determinist technology .
There is a legend that has been fascinating people from some one thousand year ago : God was going to send a deluge to destroy the earth and almost all the living things on earth which had become corrupt .
However , this time , the one who destroys the earth is no more the god but human beings themselves .
These series of human activities with their negative effects on the environment directly lead to an inevitable consequence : species extinction .
Besides the set up biological laboratories , various kinds of DNA repositories have been built while more plans are under way .
So far , there are already more than 1,400 seed banks in the world , in addition to those are intended for both plants and animal DNA storage .
In other words , when the technology becomes more mature and more profitable in the future ( which is very possible ) , it is very hard to guarantee that it will only be put into good use .
Technologies have the capabilities of solving problems and improving on our daily life .
In order to come out with useful technologies , Rogers ( 2003 ) states that the process involves research for more in depth understanding of scientific knowledge , followed by research to solve specific problem and finally , development of the technologies .
However , in the mist of researching on a particular technology , discovery of new technologies may appear unexpectedly .
There are both similarities and differences between technologies developed via research and technologies resulted from a serendipitous discovery .
This is due to the fact that the size of laptops is much smaller than desktop computers as the latter consist of monitors as well as central processing units ( CPU ) .
On the other hand , for the 3M Post-it pads , the unexpected discovery came about when 3M researchers are investigating on a new adhesive ( Rogers , 2003 ) .
Therefore , the creation of Post-it pads is unintentional while creation of laptop is with intended purposes .
Another difference between the two technologies is regarding the room for further development .
Hence , in terms of future developments , laptops may have a better prospect as compared to Post- it pads .
The 3-D printer currently available has the ability to produce complex model of differing shapes and sizes in a short duration .
Since such project involves huge amount of money , investors must be ascertained that their commitment will bring them profit .
One way of convincing them is to produce physical prototypes where that can feel and scrutinize .
Secondly , creating models with traditional means is time consuming , which does not make economical sense to businesses .
Companies are often engaged in a race to unveil their product ahead of their competitors , so as to seize a major share of the marketplace .
In such situation , time is of essence .
In consideration of these factors , designers have conceived the 3-D printer , which is capable of speeding up designing process .
Based on a report in The Economist ( 2009 ) , it now takes Timberland merely ninety minutes to turn a design of a new sole into a model using the 3-D printer , a significant decrease from a week that the process requires in the past .
The factors that shaped the technological innovation of the 3-D printer discuss thus far are coming from the end-user perspective .
The development of the technical aspects of a technology involves the devotion of large amount of resources , which will results in increased cost .
The designers of the 3-D printer had ensured that their product appeal to a large consumer group by boosting its functionality .
In conclusion , the technological innovation of the 3-D printer is shaped by the demand for realistic model that can be produced in a short time .
Besides , it is also influenced by the potential profitability of the corporate manufacturer .
The engineering design processes as described by Khandani ( 2005 ) provides a well-rounded methodology to come up with solutions to a need .
The process starts with identifying the underlying cause of the need to effectively solve the problem at hand , followed by research on the topic for better understanding .
Armed with more information on the problem , the engineer would be able to make better decisions on the final solution to optimise on and adaptation as a prototype .
The focus of this essay is ; however , on the ways the engineering design processes help fulfil a particular need .
In 1997 , a group of countries agreed to commit to the Kyoto Protocol , which aims towards a reduction of greenhouse gases emitted in view of the potential climatic changes to come should the situation be left unattended to .
There is therefore a need for a more environmentally friendly way to generate the energy for our use .
The development of a problem statement gives the engineer a chance to look into the elements which the need is comprised of .
In this case , to reduce the undesirable emissions of mainly carbon dioxide , sulphur dioxide and the oxides of nitrogen in order to provide environmentally friendlier energy .
With the aid of a clear problem statement , the engineer is able to tackle the problem at its core by following through with an objective-specific statement .
As previously mentioned , the Kyoto Protocol binds the countries in agreement to achieve approximately 5 to 10 percent reduction in greenhouse emissions .
Next in line with the design process is to brainstorm for solutions and list all of them out for later comparison .
In the last step of our discussion , the analysis and therefore selection of a single solution for adaptation , falls back heavily upon previous research .
The engineer must be mindful of various factors and make a choice towards one solution which balances the criterion he deems necessary for his product to meet the need .
I defined the more important requirements of the final solution to be its ease of acceptance by users , the extent of reduction of undesirable emissions and the time taken for implementation and effect .
Comparing the two solutions , alternate sources of energy like wind energy , hydroelectric energy or nuclear energy significantly reduces the amount of greenhouse gas produced .
However , it is not likely that they will be able to replace the current infrastructures of fossil fuel generators at a quick rate due to high start-up costs , and in some cases geographical constraints .
On the other hand , increasing efficiency of current generators allow for optimisation tune-ups , which are less costly and more likely to be welcomed and readily adopted by the energy business .
Furthermore , there is much room for improvements in fuel to energy efficiency ; with innovation towards developing upgrades for conventional generators to better utilise the usual energy lost as heat , the amount of fuel needed and therefore greenhouse gas emissions could see a decrease of upwards of 20 percent .
The solution to the need of an environmentally friendlier way to generate energy based on my particular set of factors is therefore to innovate for an add-on to existing power generators to provide greater efficiency of fuel to energy conversion .
These battery-powered cars were previously a costly mode of transport limited to a niche market but they have since been reborn and are creating a new wave in the automobile market .
The rebirth of the electric vehicle technology can be attributed to the revived interest by the automobile giants , government regulations on greenhouse gas emission and also the improvement in the technicalities previously assosciated with electric cars .
This year , the US Department of Energy , after a highly competitive application process , handed out US $ 400 million in grants to the 'Big Three ' - Chrysler , Ford and General Motors to develop next-generation technologies for electric vehicles ( Elie , 2009 ) .
Switching from gasoline vehicles to the 'zero-emission ' electric vehicles will significantly reduce the carbon emission of these countries , hence the resurgence of electric vehicles and their technology .
Major problems included long charging time of up to hours and the lack of charging facilities However , improvement in the charging technology promises to reduce charging time to between 10 and 45 minutes .
However , for it to replace the gasoline vehicles will be an uphill task that requires a concerted effort from both the industry and governments .
According to Rogers , E. M. ( 2003 ) , development of engineering design process consists of a total six main stages namely , needs/problems , research ( basic and applied ) , development , commercialization , diffusion and adoption and consequences respectively.1 The whole design process of creating new products is tedious and will take very long time to complete the research process , and then to the development stage .
Due to the limited resources in Singapore , the commercialization stage may not be able to execute .
In this manner , most of the development of engineering design process carried out in Singapore end at the development stage .
Examples of two such projects are " NUS Eco-car''2 and " NUS Haptic Chair''.3
In Singapore , moving on to the commercialization stage of the design process is not easily achieved without going through tough brain storming .
Thus , problems ( may ) arise and hinder the commercialization stage of the design process .
First of all , for the NUS eco-car innovation process , it is true that the development of eco-car is indeed environmental friendly .
However , if eco-car is to proceed on with the commercialization stage in the engineering design process , the problem encountered by my home country is the capital cost .
This is because most of the parts contributed to the assembly of the eco car are bought from overseas and these better grade materials can be rare source and hard to acquire .
Furthermore , hiring skilled workers and buying machine to assemble car are costly as well .
Hence , for the eco-car to be launched in Singapore in its commercialization stage of the design process , the production of car will result in significantly increased in cost of retail price due to the high prices of raw materials in constructing of car .
The high retail price of car will significantly affect the decision of committee to commercialize the product as consumer would not pay much for it .
On the other hand , for the NUS Haptic Chair innovation process , the researchers had successfully developed the chair for the convenience of the deaf people in Singapore .
The problem that hampers the design process is the shortage of testers to test on the product , for which according to the article3 that there were not enough deaf children in Singapore to test this product .
Therefore , there will be no guarantee to the effectiveness to see how the product can be utilized and researcher will not be able to do modification and optimization to the chair for better performance .
In conclusion , capital cost and the shortage of human resources are two of the problems which will significantly hamper engineering design process innovation , which may result in an impact of commercialization stage unable to be realized .
Based on E.M. Roger 's paper on " Generation of innovation " , a typical engineering design process for innovations can be broken down into 6 main stages which is identifying the needs of the market , research process , development of the product , commercialization , diffusion and adoption and finally , consequences .
Out of the 6 stages , I will be elaborating about problems in the research and development stage with reference to examples that occurred in Singapore .
In Singapore , the research sector is one of the best funded field , besides education and defense .
With a population of only about 4 million , coupled with lack of natural resources , Singapore has no choice but to make the most of what resources are available .
Hence the significance and importance of research in Singapore .
Examples of common problems in the research sector are lack of skilled labour , time constraint and budget .
Take the NUS eco-car project for example which was engineered by NUS and still in the research stage .
However , in NUS , the project is of student level only .
With additional guidance from experienced engineers , the eco- car could have been better designed at probably have a better chance to be marketed .
The lack of skilled labour in the project caused it to be somewhat stuck at the research stage of the innovation process .
Hence the development of the eco-car was not consumer friendly and it was unable to move on to the commercialization stage .
Maybe it would be take a few more years before the eco-car have a potential to be marketed .
Sometimes , in the innovation process , problems may also occur during the development stage .
Take the NUS FSAE race car project for example .
After all the research being done , through software rendering and such , the problems starts when trying to develop it .
After all , the simulation done on computers can not be compared to what the students experienced .
The success of the design will be based on the yearly race competition held on an international level .
To sum up , lack of skilled labour and inability to re-create computer simulation in real life are not the only 2 problems commonly faced in engineering design process in Singapore .
However , these 2 problems are enough to cause the downfall and failure of the product when placed in the market .
Engineering design processes consists of five different stages starting with defining the problem , followed by gathering pertinent information , generating multiple solutions , analyzing and selecting a solution and finally testing and implementing the solutions .
Fund is an important factor that determines whether the design process can be carry on or otherwise .
To begin with the design process , there is a need to have a team of experts and researchers to sphere head the project which requires hiring cost .
Fund also plays an important role in purchasing materials to manufacture the product .
Therefore , purchasing of materials can be quite costly as plenty of them will go to waste .
As a result , the lack of fund will hamper the progress of the design process as there is no material to manufacture a physical product to test its usefulness .
The design process does not stop after coming out with a final product .
This is because the product may not be perfect , and minor yet important changes need to be done to improve the product .
For example in the aero plane design process , one needs to determine the material to be use as the body of the aircraft .
Without the knowledge of the characteristics of different materials , one will not be able to choose the best material , which must be strong yet light in weight , to be use .
Due to the fact that it was their first attempt , they realized that the lack of race car knowledge had hampered their design process , which they did not do well for the competition .
However , the engineering faculty has built up the race car knowledge after taking part in several annual competitions , and in the recent competition it came in 19th place .
In the case of lacking of funds , companies need to find sponsorships to fund the cost of their design process .
However , knowledge is something that can not be achieve overnight .
Having past experiences and studies will be the key to gain greater knowledge .
As a living being , maintaining a welfare life is of vital importance .
In fact , whether one can keep leading a high quality life largely depends on a reliable energy supply .
To illustrate it simply , one current need of modern people is the demand for a consistent energy source .
Therefore , engineering design process aims to invent a technology approach to meet people 's need .
By identifying the problem and listing all the possible resolutions , it will figure out the best energy source and try to utilize it to supply energy .
After that , gradual improvements will make it more practical , which subsequently serve the public better .
It is known that we all live in a new era where every social activity or industry production activity we do is closely relevant to energy utilization .
Hence , demand for effective energy supply is the major need of modern people .
The main energy source nowadays is fossil fuel energy which has limited storage in the earth .
In 10 years time , the supply of oil and gas will fail to meet people 's need .
) To avoid the predicted energy crisis happening , engineers are expected to find a new energy source which is sustainable .
The following step is to consider all possible new energy supply source and selecting the best one .
Their advantage mainly embodies in respect that they are all renewable energy source .
Among them , solar energy is the best choice because it is safer than nuclear energy and easier to be obtained than geothermal energy .
Hence , solar energy comes into our sights as an ideal energy source .
After that , engineering design process applies the engineering theorem and latest technology to practice , which amounts to effectively use solar energy .
The whole process is like installing a solar penal containing many tubes on the roof of the house where the penal can be maximally exposes to the sunlight .
Then let the bath water flows through the tubes and absorbs the heat collected by the tubes .
Through heat transfer from tube to the water , bath water is heated .
The production cost of solar energy is higher than that of fossil fuel energy , which therefore impedes its popularization .
Hence , how to cut the cost is what engineering designer should consider about in the future , in order to let solar energy be utilized more successfully .
In sum , the demand for energy supply is a current need that is closely relevant to people 's lives , as it is the basis for maintaining the high living standard .
Yet we still have to endeavor on reducing its production cost .
Nowadays , people have been more health conscious than before .
The need can be seen when they are willing to spend hundreds to thousands of dollars on medical bills .
Challenges have been faced by doctors , drug researches and biomedical engineers to collaborate in this matter in order to come out with the best solution to address current health problems .
Engineers play an important role in this matter .
Engineers assist medical professional such as doctors by designing medical devices that is often use in life threatening situation such as the pace maker , defibrillator and ventilator .
Their role include handling technical difficulty of medical devices , giving advices to doctors and nurses , collaborate with clinical research personnel , liaising with hospital administrator and regulations agencies as well as ensuring a safe hospital environment , this include inspecting the power cabling , performing maintenance and safety inspection .
One can see that engineers play a crucial role in delivering professional health service needed for a patient .
Many health problems can not be addressed without the help of medical devices such as back ache , cardiac defibrillation and sleep apnea .
Engineers have faces with various challenges to design medical devices which are safe , efficient , accurate , serviceable , user friendly , manageable , durable and environmental compatible .
Example of it is the latest medical device called the IVDD machine ( Intervetebral Disc Decompression Therapy ) .
This idea is discover when researchers realize that space travelers were relieved of low back pain and their disc height were actually increased .
A design idea can spark out elsewhere .
Other challenge face by design engineers is the availability of technology .
Technology is often the limiting factor when it come to design a sophisticated medical device .
Example of this is the electrosurgical device .
Electrosurgical device was not invented until it was realized that very high frequency of current can actually burn a tissue when the contact point is relatively small .
This idea and discovery has led to the invention of the CUSA Excel System , a device that performs bloodless tissue cutting which is used now in every hospital in Singapore .
Design can also come from the need and request of people .
Social need often has to be addressed by engineers to fulfill the market requirements .
To show an example , in this advancing and fast changing society , many working adult especially women has found extremely difficult to achieve a balanced between their family and work .
The milk pump allows milk storage and feeding without the present of the mother allowing them to go to work without worrying to breast feed their baby .
It is very interesting to see that how engineering ideas can come about .
There is hundred of ways that an idea can originate from .
A design can come out in order to improve the older design such as the MRI machine , to address psychological problem of patient such as the fear of going through surgical operation or to assist medical personnel such as doctors to deliver better health service .
Other challenges face by engineers including patenting their designs , devices testing , performance benchmarking , training of medical personnel , custom modification of devices , law 's requirements , safety concerns , compatibility with other medical devices ,durability and usability .
The challenges face is never ending for an engineer in order to come out with a state-of-the-art medical devices currently and also in the future .
When you are enjoying ice-cream in a sweltering summer , have you ever thought about that you are enjoying the privilege for rich people roughly 100 years ago ?
Then how does refrigerator come into being ?
Some factors such as the demand of lead user , economic factors , and environmental concern actually play important roles in shaping refrigerator into its shape today .
In the first place , the lead user of refrigerator is the first and most important factor that drives the development of refrigerator .
Lead user can be defined as a group of people that have the greatest need towards a potential invention .
According to Hippel ( cited by Rogers , 2003 ) , lead user plays an important role in most of the innovation-designing process , because they usually have the needs of innovations that are " well ahead of the general market " .
In the case of refrigerator , lead user can be regarded as the food businessmen in 20th century , mainly because most food would perish very fast under normal temperature .
Since the lead user has such a great need on a product that could help them keep the food cool easily , refrigerator was first commercially introduced to long distance food transportation in 1900s ( Bowden & Offer , 1994 ) .
Lead user therefore started the application of refrigerator on business .
Beside the factor of lead user , which we can consider as people 's demand , the economic factor is also an important part that shapes the refrigerator .
One of the evidence of this is that the use of refrigerator was only being widespread after its price drops to a level that could be accepted by the norms .
Another evidence of this among the development of refrigerator is the domination of electric refrigerator .
Before the release of refrigerator into the large potential market of common household , there is an ideal substitute for electric refrigerator gas refrigerator , which has a quieter operation and longer use duration ( Cowan , cited by Roger , 2003 ) .
The reason why all of us now are using the " huming " electric refrigerator instead of the gas one is that the corporations decided the electric refrigerator would bring them larger profit , and therefore they went all out to promote the electric refrigerator .
For example , one of the reasons why refrigerator was not widely used by common household before 1930s is because the refrigerator at that time was using toxic-gas system , which would destroy the environment and be unsafe for home use .
One of the most popular refrigerants for refrigerator , Tetrafluoroethane , has been banned by the governments in a lot of countries , taking its depletion to the ozone layer into concern .
The environmental concern therefore leads the refrigerator develop in a more environmental-friendly direction .
Due to the number of words limited , this essay only scratches the surface of what leads to the invention and diffusion of the refrigerator , and picks out the three most obvious factors to discuss .
Scientists have estimated that given the current global energy consumption , we only have sufficient oil reserves to last us for another 50 years .
Furthermore , greenhouse emissions produced from the burning of fossil fuels have lead to global warming , with its impact visible from the shrinkage of polar ice caps at the Arctic region as well as the rise in global temperature .
This could eventually cause flooding of low lying areas as well as food shortages and it paints a bleak picture for our future generation .
Research on the 'green ' technology field has started way back in early 1950s , however it has only started to gain momentum recently as its economic and social benefits become more recognised .
This would lead to price inflation and could cause an economic slowdown as affordability would be a concern .
Investing in 'green ' technology would not only ensure that we will have a steady supply of energy to develop our economy but it could also be another source of revenue for countries developing such technologies and some analysts has estimated that this industry could potentially be worth up to US $ 4 trillion .
Therefore , governments are pouring funds into research on this field to benefit from its economic advantages .
Next , there is a general consensus that global warming has been greatly attributed by the rise of greenhouse emission from the burning of fossil fuels , which could have devastating and irreversible impacts .
Recently , rising temperature has been causing frequent heat waves across Europe which has killed a number of people .
The rising temperature also gave rise to an increase in the number of heat stroke cases and could cause a potential health issue .
Furthermore , rising temperature also resulted in frequent droughts which caused food shortages and aggravate the world 'hunger ' problem .
More significantly , the melting of polar ice caps and glaciers could endanger low lying areas and the rise in temperature could also cause severe imbalances in our delicate ecosystem .
This will impact all walks of life , including us , humans .
Therefore , the future of our planet lies in our hands and we must be socially responsible for our future generation .
Thus , environmental groups have been pressuring businesses and governments for 'green ' energy solutions as we thread our economic progress with sustainability .
This is evident from the carbon tax law that has been imposed by European Union on businesses , which tax businesses on the amount of carbon they produced .
'Green ' technology maybe the main focus in this century , however it must be noted that investing in this technology is costly and not many businesses are willing to venture into it on its own .
In the age of information technology and globalization , the world we live today have progressed beyond our imagination by the aid of constant improvement in technology by research and development ( R&D ) as well as innovation .
In one of the Rogers 's article in 'Diffusion of Innovations ' ( 2003 ) , he has mentioned about the introduction of battery technology in the electric vehicle by General Motors ( GM ) in the early 1990s .
Interestedly , this significant technology was initially determined by the California and Arizona state governments inadvertently so as to tackle the issue of smog levels in Los Angeles and Phoenix at that period of time .
Furthermore , leaded petrol has been commonly used by the cars consumers in the past .
Depending on the methods used for generating of electricity in electric cars , they have the capability of producing very low emission of carbon dioxide .
' ( 2009 ) , it discussed about the growing appreciation of the impact that city and regional authorities can have in making practical preparations for an electrified road transport system .
Without the hunger of the unlimited needs in consumers today , technology will not be moving in such a fast pace and may be hampered by the lack of innovation from a lower demand in researchers and engineers .
Ultimately , while there are various factors that will influence the technological innovation today , we must constantly portend ourselves to follow the moral and ethical guidelines .
Otherwise , we are the ones who will the impact of unbridled curiosity .
Therefore , it will be up to mankind to take the crusade for a new safe world with the progress of technology in the near future .
This lead to factors such as , a limited pool of local talents , a small local market and a lack of volunteers willing to try out new innovations ; all of which will affect the engineering design process .
Researching and developing a new product requires a dedicated team of talented researchers with different expertises .
This is further pointed out in the case of the Haptic Chair ( Chua 2009 ) developed by Suranga Nanayakkara , a PhD student from National University of Singapore .
Engineers ' innovative design makes contribution to solving such storage issue .
According to Khandani ( 2005 ) , engineering design process play an important role .
Because of hydrogen 's unique physical property , there are three main problems need to work out .
First , it takes up too much more space for its lightweight .
Third , it is too dangerous for it 's inflammably and explosively .
As to handle these storage problems , the related areas came out of two solutions .
On the one hand , to storage hydrogen under pressure is a rather well-known technique .
It needs to overcome permeation problem and pass cycling tests .
Overall , these two solutions have their own advantages in different aspects ; at the same time , they also have difficulties respectively .
So as to make these two hydrogen storage schemes feasible , a lot of experiments and tests have been done .
For the compressed hydrogen storage , many numerical modeling has been done through computational fluid dynamics tools .
It helps to better under the safety implications of potential accident situations .
And the experiment results came out as well .
For the solid-state hydrogen storage , many testing and performance assessment of potential hydrogen storage materials have been done in laboratory .
Big progress has been made in this field , some new materials have been found and more waiting to be found .
Certain laboratory in European also offers services for research centers and university groups , so as to training and aspiring young .
Besides the exciting news about hydrogen storage technology , we still need to pay attention to its dangerous .
It can be hazardous if hydrogen leaks , and even cause disaster if hydrogen burnt and explode .
To sum up , the research and development of the storage of hydrogen will meet human 's need and make great contribution for human 's getting forward ; and the engineering design progress plays important part in it .
Technological innovations created from scientific researching are created to satisfy a need of to solve a problem affecting people .
Thus an innovation that does not solve the initial targeted problem but solved an unintended problem or need .
Although they had very different outcome , they were triggered by the same motivation to make a better world .
Birth of these two types of innovations had very similar causes , such as pressure from the society or government to cater to certain needs .
Two pieces of technology , for instance , eco-cars and warfarin were products of research and serendipity respectively .
In the 1930s , farmers fed their cattle with sweet clover hay but cattle were dying from internal bleeding caused by it .
Through further research , Professor K.P.Link found that the sweet clover hay contained a harmful chemical called coumarin which turned out to be a very effective rat killer , thus warfarin was born .
Innovations , regardless serendipity or not , have a common motivation which is to solve surfacing problems in the world .
Electric cars and warfarin alike , they need to be marketed and diffused for potential users to adapt .
Also , warfarin was liscenced by Wisconsin Alumni Research Foundation ( WARF ) to commercial manufacturer and then used by farmers to eradicate rats where its effectiveness is readily observed .
However , the fate of dedicated researched innovations and serendipitous innovations can differ greatly .
In conclusion , innovations are to make life of its user to improve .
No matter how the innovations come about , they have a common sense of motivation .
These different kinds will face different circumstances thus a different fate .
Innovations however profitable should not be dismissed but sell to a higher platform where it could spark other ideas or satisfy needs that are not foreseen by the parent organization .
Given the fact that most households in Singapore share a common block , if the solar panels are fixed on the top of the buildings , will there be enough to provide sufficient electricity for the whole block , which may consists of up to eighty household users .
Based on the Madrid article , ( Madrid ( 1995 ) Diagnosing climate change ) John Houghton joked with the leader of Saudi Arabia 's delegate party that what he was proposing was against his country 's interest , and that he should not be raising it instead .
If households all over the world started converting to green technology , there will be a decrease in demand for fuel ( since it runs the electricity needed for each household ) and as a result a decrease in their countries economy .
One way to reduce fuel consumption is to modify tanks such that they all have built-in solar panels , as long as the war is fought in the day , then it should be fine ; realistic ?
Should the day arrive when innovations can be clear of such restriction , only then will the full benefits of it be felt .
This ignited a chain of campaigns , activist groups and policies in support of reducing pollutions and wastes to save our planet .
This current situation may seems favorable theoretically for innovations such as the electric car industries to flourish .
In the early 1990 , the support given by the California and Arizona state governments on electric cars manages to boost sales of electric cars made by General Motors ( Rogers , 2003 ) .
Besides giving financial aid to R&D departments which helps to initiate the start of the project on electric cars , subsides and incentive may also be given to citizens who use electric cars which would increase the demand for more electric cars .
In the case of the IMPACT electric cars , the opinion leaders were the ones who stimulated the sales and awareness of these cars ( Rogers , 2003 ) .
Many scientific articles also states that social acceptance is increasingly being recognized as a constraining factor in innovations based on renewable energy sources ( Rolf , 2006 ) .
Without the accession from the society , it would be difficult for the emergent of any new innovations .
This is one of the reasons why marketing strategies such as the use of promotions and advertisements is extremely important in rising the awareness and creating a need for new technologies , thus allowing a new technology to survive .
If these factors are not fulfilled , electric cars would still probably ends up as a failed dream .
It is a decision-making process , in which the basic sciences , { mathematics } [ HYPERLINK : http : //en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mathematics ] , and engineering sciences are applied to convert resources optimally to meet a stated objective .
Such engineering designs bring technology together to meet human needs .
In the initial stage , the process allows engineer to identify the needs and subsequently , define the problems involved .
Selecting of solutions to any of the problems will probably the most difficult stage in the design process .
However , there are limitations in the design process in meeting the need of safety .
Most of the time , an individual can not think of all of the safety aspect of a design over few years .
Secondly , generating good solutions to safety issues require creativity and , often , risking safety in the first place to better understand it .
Lastly , determining which safety solution is feasible comes with experiences instead of being able to learn it of a book .
Moreover , different teams of engineer may have different point of approach regarding safety issues .
It met the many challenges once faced by people and safety is one of the challenges faced .
Engineering design has provided us many conveniences , as tiny as micro-chips in our laptops which have faster processing speed and lower cost , as large as the international transportation .
After we entering the 21st century , our society has come into a new stage with higher productivity and efficiency , which also means that we have more energy requirement at the same time .
For centuries , our major energy came from burning the fossil fuel such as coal , oil and gas .
They have higher quantity of combustion , but they are not reproducible and the resource is limited .
Wood is another energy resource which is reproducible , however , it can not generate as much heat as fossil fuel , and we destroy the nature also .
Our problem is very simple----we need more efficient resource to generate enough power for us and last for long time .
At the same time , it must be easy to get and clean , we can not sacrifice any more .
In a recent research , it shows that traditional resource can not provide energy for more than 100 years , green house phenomena
becomes more serious .
The new technology gives us many ways to find new source----wave energy , wind energy , solar energy and nuclear energy .
We come to the third step , coming up with multi-solution to the problems .
As we mentioned , they are kinds of new resources to use , solar , wave and nuclear .
We must think about which one is beyond our control and which is better .
We need to follow the step two , analyze all the factors and decide which one we want to choose .
Use nature energy it really good , it is free , it can be found everywhere , such as solar and wind , the bad thing is we do n't have the ability to control them .
On sunny day , we have the sun-light , how about rainy or cloudy day ?
As a result , scientists choose another generation of resource----nuclear power .
The final step is to test whether the solution is executable .
After few years test , nuclear power plants work quite well .
In 2008 , there are more than 400 nuclear power plants are in operation , take of about 10 % of our energy load .
In recent years , we use uranium as nuclear plant fuel ; the problem is it gives off harmful radiations .
Instead engineers think of another method , use nucleosynthesis , the fuel of nucleosynthesis reaction is just a particular kind of water get from the sea .
This test is still under the experimentation , because of the rigorous reaction condition .
It applies in our daily life , give more solutions to a same problem .
Some are deem beneficial to mankind , which others are just created for the sake of businessman to reap in business profits .
It has also brought about much convenience and is now consider an asset to most people .
It was because at that time , the technology was not yet advance enough for manufacturers to come up with cool and sleek designs like the mobile phones nowadays .
Mobile phones have already become a necessity .
The phones which people nowadays possess also differs from the past , in terms of functions , design and size .
All these transformation are brought about due to several factors .
As quoted by E.M ROGERS in " THE GENERATION OF INNOVATIONS " : " The innovation-development process often begins with recognition of a problem or need .
" .
Manufacturers of mobile phones have found out the disadvantages and hassles of the mobile phones in the past .
Hence , if people back then require the services of surfing the internet or sending of mail , they had to rely upon other device such as the computer to do it .
Every sec wasted is equivalent to every cent lost .
Hence , in order to work in a more productive manner which saves time and bring about convenience for users , manufacturers today then come up with 3G phones which are equipped with internet , video-capturing device and an in-bulit music player which aims to provide entertainment to the users .
Hence , phone manufacturers decided to take a risk by adding a few new features into the mobile phone to see whether is it acceptable in the market .
A typical example is the production of NOKIA 8310 back then in 2002 .
After this production , many other rival brands follow suit .
Hence , this thus send a signal to phone manufacturers---the public is more than willing to accept a phone with more functions and will not even mind to replace their previous models for newer ones with added features or functions .
As a result , it give manufacturers incentive to keep up with the times and to always constantly upgrade their mobile phones from point to point .
Economic factors also played an important role in this technological innovation .
Hence , as the cost is now lower , manufacturers are then more willing to produce and come up with more features to be added to the mobile phone to attract consumers to purchase it .
People find the 3G phone a useful device as it is able to perform many functions , which inevitably save time and bring about a lot of convenience .
This thus lead to the vast production of 3G phones , bringing technology to the next level .
In conclusion , the transformation of mobile phones from a black-grey screen to one that is so highly sophiscated is indeed something remarkable .
I believe in the near future to come , we are able to expect more innovation and creativity being input in the production of mobile phones .
The society factors such as economic factors , political decision , and technological advancement advertising and even military demands can affects the development of technological innovation .
One of the factors that determined and shaped the technological innovation the most is the country economic status .
Electric car in the past is very expensive and only the very wealthy people could afford it .
It is a display of social standing when you are seen in an electric car .
Therefore it is more common to see people in cars in those rich countries than those poor countries .
Political factors such as government decision and military demands could also shaped technological innovation .
Before world war one , the used of automobile were limited as there were very few roads .
Therefore gasoline vehicle became more popular as government subsidized the building of gasoline vehicles to support their war .
After the war , gasoline vehicle became the preferred choice as it is more Development of technologies can be easily shaped and influenced by the group of users and the society .
commonly seen on the roads due to mass production during war .
Gasoline vehicle also seem more durable and electric vehicle more fragile .
After people attained a certain level of standards of living they became more concern about the environment .
They began to worry about the problem of pollution cause by gasoline vehicle .
Therefore government step in to ensure that for the total sales of automobile 10 percent must be nonpolluting , which meant that it has to be electric car or electric/gasoline cars .
Therefore people who are more environmentally friendly began to use electric vehicle again .
Technological advancement of a country also affects the development of the electric vehicle .
A very powerful battery is needed to powered and run the vehicle for a long time and it is only possible with advance battery technology .
It is only natural that nobody would want an electric car that needs recharging for every few miles it travel .
According to EM Roger ( 2003 ) , in the early 1990s , the battery technology can only support the vehicle to travels for 100miles .
Before that the use of electric vehicle was very limited as the battery technology is not available or too costly .
The factors may leave a positive or negative impact on the technological innovation depending on the market and how socially acceptable is the technology at that point of time .
Once such example of a technology that has been shape by it user would be the electric vehicle .
Therefore the society also plays an important role on technological innovation .
The engineering design recently has been implemented in a lot of Asia-Pacific countries , including Indonesia .
As a big country with huge amount of population , implementing a new aspect will not be done easily .
There are two main problems hampering engineering design ; consequently they are also affecting some stages of this process .
One of them is educational problem occurs in every level of academic institution in Indonesia .
Students are being fed by materials given by the teacher and they are most likely not allowed to learn things in their own way .
For instance , elementary students must follow the step of solving mathematical problems given by the teacher ; otherwise they will not get the full score or even considered wrong .
Since they only have one way to solve an obstacle , they will be fear of problems .
Khandani ( 2005 ) stated that creative people are needed in this stage as they can observe details and in the same time , see the whole picture of the problem .
The second problem is limited amount of qualified human resources and fund .
In fact , there are a lot of potentials rise , but seldom is developed ; as a result , Indonesia is running out of qualified human resources .
Moreover , this country 's monetary is not in a proper condition ; indeed global crisis makes it even worse .
Thus , the condition of resources in Indonesia has many impacts in stages of engineering design .
The small amount of human resources ( HR ) impacts not only the technical stages , but also economic and market analysis stage .
As skilled engineer can hardly to be found , the technical problems of course will appear .
Their conservative thoughts will hamper the sale of product .
Many good inventions never get into production because the manufacturing costs exceed what people will pay for the product itself .
( Khandani , 2005 ) Therefore , this problem will put the economic and market analysis stage in difficulties .
Based on Khandani ( 2005 ) , product safety is an important stage of engineering design , which assures that usage of the design , will not cause any injury to humans .
As we know , recently , there are a lot of fatal accidents have occurred in Indonesia ; for example , plane crash and collapsed railway .
Further investigation found out that they were caused by lack of safety and liability test .
They minimize this test because they do not have sufficient fund to support the test .
They are educational and resources problem .
Consequently , these problems also impact the stages of engineering design , such as generate solutions , product safety and liability , technical , and economic analysis .
Living in a society with unprecedented material prosperity , human beings are facing severe problems resulted from energy and resource shortage right now .
In order to sustain a stable development in the next generations , people are paying more and more attention to build up an eco-friendly society which makes energy usage reach an optimum .
Considering the mass energy wastage in transit around the entire globe , one of the approaches to reduce energy usage is to construct a better transportation system that delivers energy more efficiently .
In engineering design processes , the steps regarding solution generation , selection and test are of vital importance to build up such an ideal energy transportation system .
Generating multiple solutions stimulates engineers ' creativity and provides impulsion to originate a technological breakthrough .
Such an approach enables engineers to think out of the bounder and challenge the old conventions , and subsequently forges innovative breakthroughs in fields , like transportation system construction , that have hardly experienced any remarkable advancement for decades .
Following the solution generation step , analyzing and selecting a design ensures that the ultimate solution suits best for implementation .
The systematic evaluation approach applied in the engineering design process then facilitates engineers to generate a reliable judgement of the solutions to a large extent .
Lastly , the testing state places the final solution into a real-world practice for further improvement although restrictions exist .
This step allows the solution to be exposed to the real-world variation and yields an even more trustworthy appraisal .
Nevertheless , simulating the real-world variation in accomplishing a huge project like constructing an efficient energy transportation system can not be fully comprehensive and creating a full-scale prototype of the system is even more unrealistic .
As a result , the effectiveness and some concealed weakness of the design are not able to be fully traced during the test .
To sum up , although imperfection in the accuracy of testing still exists , the solution generating , analyzing and testing steps in engineering design processes play key roles in forging innovative breakthroughs , verifying the feasibility of the design and upgrading the final solution while designing an effective energy transportation system .
Throughout the history , many innovations were created not for its intended application .
According to Rogers ( 2003 ) , innovation process has six stages : needs/problem , research , development , commercialization , diffusion and adoption , and consequences .
Political , social , economic changes during this period would affect the process of innovation .
One of such cases is Global Positioning System ( GPS ) .
Early United States government policy and cold war situation shaped the invention of GPS .
In 1960 , GPS was introduced by US Department of Defense to track down its marine .
Towards its development to today 's technology , the policy maker played an important part in it .
Furthermore , in 1994 , as the cold war had ended , the US government then decided to fully open the GPS for public use .
The turning point for GPS for civilian use happened at 1983 , when a civilian Korean aircraft was shot down by the Soviet Union for territory trespassing .
It raised needs for a reliable navigation system .
Hence , driven by social concern , President Reagan of the US agreed to partially open the GPS for public use .
Soon after this , when the surveying market boomed in 1980s , the demand for GPS and the money generated also contributes to the development of GPS for civilian use .
Towards its development , GPS technology has few setbacks .
The most notable setback is at 1979 , when the economic situation in US was bad .
The development of advanced technology mainly was carried out by government agencies .
Hence , when the economic situation was bad , the government agencies would be affected .
The example also shows how economy and politics are interrelated in determining an innovation .
In conclusion , political , economic , and social situation normally determine an innovation as shown in GPS .
The GPS would not be possible to be commercialized had the situation was different .
Hence , the technology development is partly socially determined .
As modern society is developing fast in the new century , human 's need becomes more and more diversified while problems of the shortage of resources get more and more serious .
Such kind of conflict requires engineers to develop new products to meet all needs .
The tasks are never easy for engineers without creativity and innovations ; engineers must design products which are both artistic and practical .
Designing products and finding solutions require a long term process , which is defined as engineering design process .
According to Khandani , engineering design process is a very important route for engineers to create products and it can be expressed as a 5-step process , which includes " Define the problem " , " Gather pertinent information " , " Generate multiple solutions " , " Analyze and select a solution " , and " Test and implement the solution " ( Khandani , 2005 ) .
However , there exist some problems that hamper engineering design processes for innovations .
Among them are the problem of plagiarism and the insufficiency of fund support for scientific research .
The problem of plagiarism is fairly serious that a large number of university students do not do the academic work such as research reports and scientific essays on their own .
Many students just search sources on the Internet and submit their " work " perfunctorily , never to mention about the copyrights of the original researchers or writers .
Plagiarism is not only harmful for the original researchers or writers , but also an impediment for university students to gain creativity and innovative skills .
Plagiarism makes university students or even graduated researchers lazy to come up with their own ideas .
After they search out the information for their academic use , they simply follow the original train of thought and give up thinking about a different solution on their own .
However , such choice becomes harmful in the long run as the innovative skills of university students or researchers deteriorated .
Plagiarism significantly hinders the process of steps after gathering pertinent information in the engineering design process , which is about generating , analyzing , selecting , testing and implementing solutions .
For example , an engineering student who is doing a designing project do not have to analyze or select solutions , which is the fourth step in the engineering design process , if he wants to plagiarize from other articles .
Therefore , it cuts away all the experience of encountering problems during the solution analyzing and selecting and all the innovative skills he can gain from the process .
Instead , plagiarism directly gives the final and the best solution for the student , which seems good for him but quite harmful for the entire academic community .
If everyone plagiarizes to do their academic work and only tries his luck to get higher marks , the problem of plagiarism may result in a more serious situation , that is , very few students graduated from universities can manage to develop innovative products as engineers .
If the university can not afford engineering students to do further testing or create an entire product , all the efforts that have been made in the previous steps become zero .
The problem has significant impacts on the step of testing and implementing solutions in the design process , during which an engineer may encounter different problems and choices .
Without the process of testing and implementing , students can not gain their practical skills or develop their innovative ideas for implement .
Although the academic community in my home country is facing many problems hampering innovations , the development of the science and technology has never been pulled down .
I believe that one day all the problems are solved and we get strong enough in academic field .
Technology is the application of scientific knowledge in industry aim to improve our standards of living .
Its effects can be felt at almost every corner of the world and in our daily lives .
Technological innovations can range from household appliances to industrial equipment .
They can be classified into two categories - research-based inventions such as the laptop computer at Toshiba and serendipitous inventions such as the " Post-it " notes developed by 3M .
Comparing the two technologies , it is clear that more elements of luck are present in the former invention than in the latter one .
Nonetheless , luck is not the only determining factor for the birth of a technology , whether it is developed via research or resulted from a serendipitous discovery .
There are other contributing factors such as the efforts of the inventors and their determinations to succeed that lead to the discovery of the technology .
Smallpox vaccine was first tested by Jenner in 1796 .
Hundreds of thousands people are saved by these two discoveries .
Both smallpox vaccine and penicillin are tremendous discoveries that save people 's lives and they are milestone in medicine that lead people to explore new areas to fight diseases ; however , the procedure of finding these two discoveries and the development of them are different .
One similarity of smallpox vaccine and penicillin is that they are life-saving discoveries in medicine .
In the eighteen century before Jenner discovered smallpox vaccine , smallpox was a widespread killer disease .
Jenner 's significant discovery was praised by the third United States Present Thomas Jefferson in his letter 'Letter to Dr. Edward Jenner On is Discovery of the Small Pox Vaccine' .
( Scott , 1996 ) Penicillin is an antibiotic that prevent the growth of bacteria and cure infections .
After penicillin was discovered , the death rate of infection was largely decreased .
Another similarity of these two discoveries is that they are landmark in medicine .
Smallpox vaccine is the first vaccine that people used to improve immunity to a certain disease .
After that , people started to develop vaccines to protect people from diseases such as hepatitis B vaccine , BCG and pertussis vaccine .
Similarly , penicillin is the first antibiotic people used to cure infections .
After the discovery of penicillin , people realize that there is a new species of medicine , antibiotic , which can kill bacteria and research are conducted to develop more antibiotics .
More and more antibiotics are discovered and put on production like aureomycin , erycin and chloromycetin .
Although smallpox vaccine and penicillin have those similarities , the procedure and development of these two discoveries are different .
Based on the observation that cowpox prevents smallpox , Jenner began to research into using cowpox to build immunity against smallpox .
After testing his theory , he successfully discovered smallpox vaccine .
( Scott , 1996 ) In a few years time , his discovery was translated into most European countries languages and smallpox vaccine was applied to prevent smallpox .
In contrast , penicillin is a serendipitous discovery .
Returned from his holiday to his laboratory in 1928 , Fleming found some penicillium notanum in some lab dishes .
The penicillium notanum can prevent the growth of bacteria .
( RSC , 2009 ) However , this discovery was not put on production directly .
Until 1940s , more than ten years after Fleming 's discovery , penicillin went into mass production .
In conclusion , smallpox vaccine and penicillin are tremendous discoveries that save numerous people 's lives , and they are milestones in medicine .
However , the procedure and development of these two discoveries are different .
In the view of social construction of technology , many technological innovations and inventions are influenced and shaped by social factors ( Rogers , 2003 ) .
Social factors are classified into economic factors , military demands , and government regulations in general .
These factors mainly include the investment of companies , need of customers as well as purpose of saving energy .
First of all , the main reason for this innovation is that the major corporations such as General Electric , General Motors , Kelvinator , and Westinghouse consider that investing in electric refrigerators instead of gas refrigerators would be able to produce more profit ( Rogers , 2003 ) .
Refrigerators with better mechanism as well as working capacity are demanded by the market .
The need of customers affected the interests and decisions of investing companies , hence influence the development of refrigerators as well .
In fact , some of the interests of corporations like General Electric are driven by the demand of customers .
What the customers are willing to buy gave rise to the preference of companies .
Production decisions are made to meet the market demand and maximize the profit , and the root of the decisions lies in customers ' expectation .
And the driving force beyond this is the purpose of saving energy and protecting limited resources on our planet .
The limited resource is a social problem which is the concern of both customers and producers who facilitate the invention significantly .
This is an instance of social factors that have largely influenced and shaped the technological innovation .
Many products in the world do not appear from nowhere , but they are made based on the creativity of engineers in the response to human needs .
For instance , the invention of telephone was to help people in long distance communication ; airplane was made for shortening travel time ; wheel chair enables handicapped to travel around .
Creativity will not stop at one place ; it will move on from time to time to improve the appliances or devices .
Based on Khandani ( 2005 ) , there are five phases of design process which will be elaborated in subsequent paragraphs .
The first step of defining the problem is very important so that an engineer would not lost on the way finding the solution .
Therefore , it is necessary to identify the need from this design activity and make a problem statement for the ease of gathering information , choosing a solution and conducting experiment .
Next step will be gathering information .
A survey related to the existence of similar products should be done to prevent any plagiarism issue .
Material being used for artificial heart device is very important as human blood which carries nutrient for body cells travel every second .
Hence , it should not be toxic which could diffuse into blood .
Size is also one of the factors to be considered because too heavy will not be appropriate to allow a patient to bring along to everywhere .
After collecting useful information , multiple solutions can be generated and this is the third phase for design process .
These solutions could be the combination of the strength of existing product or new ideas to counter the weakness of product .
The latest artificial heart device is made of polyether-based polyurethane plastic and able to withstand 100,000 beatings a day ( Ditlea , 2002 ) .
Most of engineer design product would factorize cost into consideration .
The final step is implementation including testing , building and producing the solution based on design problem .
Prototyping is important to have to provide clearer picture of the real product .
It allows engineer to observe and point out the weakness to be improved .
Therefore , it could be re- designed until a reasonable solution is reached .
Hence , the testing result will take some time to have conclusion .
In conclusion , the five steps of engineer design process mentioned above have been organized in such a way to express the creativity in the product for human need .
Although some products may take longer time such as artificial heart device , an engineer should not be afraid of taking risk and time consuming .
It would give a great contentment if the product is fully used and able to save human life .
Hence the reverse happens and technology is shaped socially to a much larger extend than it was in the past .
Hence the sales did badly in the initial years .
The same went for the other first laptops from other companies such as Toshiba and Apple Computer .
Since then , the companies that manufacture laptops started doing intensive research and developments to improve their products so as to create a product that people would be willing to buy .
Hence from this we can see that how technology development was shaped by economic factor .
The low demands for the first laptops caused the companies to suffer losses in the business and thereby forcing then to work harder to develop it to be more commercially viable to boost their sales to survive as there are many competitors in this field of portable computing technology .
Nowadays the laptops weigh only a small fraction of their predecessors but with many times greater computing power .
Hence the sales of the laptops increased substantially and the companies make profits .
But not all commercially available products can withstand the rigour demands of the military which requires the laptops to be tough , water- resistant and long battery life .
The demands by not just the SAF but also other big militaries around the world also shaped at how the laptop was able to adapt to be just in the extreme conditions .
Moreover , the technology that resulted from developing the toughbooks can be applied and used to some extend in the commercial world .
But people have unlimited wants , they are not contented with just the laptop with is considered quite bulky at times , thus they demanded laptops that are smaller , lighter .
The laptop is indeed an important technology that is shaped by economic and military factors , and consumer demands .
However , having been popularity for less than 100 years , Electric vehicles had all disappeared by 1935 ( The History of Electric Vehicles,2009 ) .
Rogers indicated in his article " The Generation of Innovations " that the innovation-decision process is very crucial to the adoption of a new technology , because not only technique factors but also economic , political and social factors play an important part .
Electric cars have a very obvious shortage in their technique design .
Due to the limitation of its weigh , size and the battery technology , the battery used in the electric cars at that time was limited to a range of 100 miles ( Rogers,2003 ) .
As a result , they are not convenient enough .
Instead , Hydrogen fuel cell was brought up to substitute the electric battery .
In order to improve the air condition , consumers had to spend more and compromised on limited range of electric cars .
And since the electric cars did not have engines and some other complements , the car companies could no longer benefit from the maintenances of those cars .
As for the oil companies , apparently , they could not make money from oil , if all the engine cars were substituted by electric cars .
Moreover , the main stream of the government did not approve of this inventor .
Although the California and Arizona state government came up with the mandating that " at least 10 percent of the total sales of automobile companies would have to be nonpolluting " ( Rogers,2003 ) , they had to cancel the command since the electric vehicles failed to act in the public interest .
Moreover , the federal stepped in this case to oppose the California and Arizona state government .
Furthermore , other social factors contribute to the non-adoption of electric cars .
The consumers had many ambivalence and unwillingness at that time .
Since electric vehicles are very light , they may be quite fragile when they are hit by heavy vehicles .
In conclusion , technology , economic , political and social factors result in the non-adoption of electric cars .
We can gain important lessons from the failure of the electric cars that we should not only focus on the one part of factors to develop a new technology .
Only by satisfying all the needs of different aspects can a new technology survive and be accepted .
In this essay , I will use the invention of internet as an example to show how this important technology was determined initially by a specific group of users , mainly government and military personals , and later commercialize into today 's daily usage .
Unlike the development of some inventions like Post-its which was resulted from serendipity , the internet was a strategic innovation that was initiated by the government and developed by their researchers .
In order to understand the reasons for the need of Internet by U.S. government , we will need to understand the history background during the middle of twentieth century .
During the Cold War period , the world politics was divided between democracy and communism .
In the 1950s , the Soviet Union tested their first atomic bomb resulting in the world having two nuclear super powers that were conflicting with each other over world political dominance and military superiority .
This inevitably sparks of the arms race .
Meanwhile , the growing dominance of Soviet Union over Eastern Europe also threatened the position of the U.S. as the world 's most powerful nation .
The Cold War and arms race stimulated the research and development of all technological fields in the U.S. including improving communication infrastructure between the government and military planners .
One very important strategic issue that the government of U.S. had to ponder was maintained command and control between the political and military leaders in the event of an attack by Soviet Union .
The communication infrastructure that was vulnerable to any attacks via the use Inter Continental Ballistic Missile ( ICBM ) on the U.S. cities was phone line due to its dependence on a centralized system of above-ground lines .
The Department of Defense needed a more secure and indestructible communications system to survive a nuclear war and so it funded the development of network that is indestructible and has technological capabilities to launch a counter-offensive against US 's enemy .
The packets were then be forwarded from one computer to another computer until the information arrived at its final destination computer .
The packets would be encoded as electrical signals , light , or radio waves and transmit via copper cables , fiber-optic strands and the ether ; which consists of microwave , satellite , or radio transmissions .
This was important part of a computer network .
As a result of decentralization , packet switching , unlike the telephone system , will not break down when one part of the network systems is faulty since the packets can be rerouted until it arrived at its intended destination .
The following two decades witness the improvisation and spread of networking .
Network Control Protocol ( NCP ) was developed by VInt Cerf and Bob Kahn in 1973 to allow network communication of people using different hardware .
For instance in 1973 , the U.S. has connected its network to both the United Kingdom and Norway .
In the mid 1970s , networks began to spread to research universities across America and internationally .
The frustrated Duke students Tom Trusscott and James Ellis , and Steve Bellovin , a student at UNC , created Usenet .
Although there were over 230 ARPANET sites in 1982 , Usenet take less than two years to reach that number .
This resulted in hundreds of discussion groups , each discussing different subjects , which range from politics to daily life experience .
The explosive growth of network usage resulted in all of the networks to switch from NCP to TCP/IP in 1983 .
In 1987 , the National Science Foundation , which has funded a program earlier in 1984 to create national infrastructure to provide a variety of academic institutions access to a larger national academic network , backed away from funding the Internet and allowed giant corporation such as IBM , MCI and Merit Corp to manage and support the infrastructure it had funded .
It was not until 1993 where the Internet was transformed from government-funding to commercialization by private sectors .
With the creation of World Wide Web by Tim Berners-Lee at CERN , the European Nuclear Research Centre , the World Wide Web opened up a new era of individualism and creativity that will change the information age once and for all .
In conclusion , it was the historical background during the era of Cold War that prompted the US government to consider new ways of creating indestructible communication to enable the political and military leaders to communicate with each other during a nuclear attack .
Through the works of brilliant researchers , the Internet , which has limited to a few users at first , was improvised to accommodate increase electronic traffic and finally commercialize to be available to each and individual of us .
Technology is an act of designing and inventing of a tool that will either solve a problem recognized or fulfill a particular human need , in other words it is a product of society .
The case study on Cowan ( 1985 ) is a representative example of failure of product due to economic factor , in which a aggressively advertised product is preferred over the other that can bring much more advantages .
Cowan ( 1985 ) discussed about the two types of refrigerators developed , the electric refrigerator and the gas refrigerator .
The gas refrigerator should have been more preferred by consumers since it brings along overwhelming advantage but it turned out to be otherwise .
The extensive promotion of the electric refrigerator , which its research and development investment was funded by corporations , influenced the choice of consumers since the gas refrigerator was not widely promoted and made known to consumers .
Such cases are typical examples of how a technological invention is shaped by economic factor , in which the technology made available to the consumer was directed by corporations ' profits earned instead of offering the one that benefits consumer most .
One of the reasons behind such situations is probably due to corporations ' fear of losing their share of the market and thus suppresses new technology to minimize chances of it happening .
Another contributing factor of the success of invention will be the buying power of consumer , which very much depends on the economic situation then .
In times of economic recession , it is of lower tendency for consumer to purchase the more expensive refrigerator when both have the same primary functions that is to store up food at low temperature .
For that , the competition among corporate and the extent of price slashing they are willing to offer such that they still earn an amount of considerable profit may help improve consumer 's acceptance of their product .
Therefore , it can be concluded that functionality may not be only determining factor to the success of technology since it may not be the priority of consumer 's concern , but rather how the technology is commercialized and diffused to the public or society .
As such , technology nowadays needs not only to prove its functionality but also spend efforts on creating its awareness since it is up to the consumers , who come in contact with many advertisements in their life and is eventually conditioned , to make the decisions .
Due to the flourishing of construction industries over the years , the construction industries worldwide consume resources equivalent to more than what the nature are able to produce on Earth .
In this rate of consumption , our environment will not be able to supply us with sufficient resources years down the road .
In order to compensate and preserve the right of nature , there is a need to implement a system whereby waster construction materials can be treated and re-used .
This implementation will help protect the environment by controlling amount of resources consume ; reduce cost of manufacturing and importing of raw materials ; reduce the cost of construction and even maximise economy advantages .
Therefore , the introducing of recycling and reusing of construction waste materials are wise construction practises and are beneficial to the contractors , owner and the communities .
Most of the discarded materials are actually valuable commodities ; such as concrete , wood , asphalt , metal and cardboard ; which can be recycled into new products .
These materials made up to 80 percent of discarded materials .
In fact , by recycling and reusing these materials can benefit the environment , the construction business and is economical .
The process of recycling of construction waste involves separating and reusing recoverable and useable waster construction materials during demolition .
The advantage of this treatment system not only will produce low-cost recycled materials , it may also produce new composite of materials with better characteristic .
However , few considerations should be taken into account during the design process .
During the remodelling of buildings most construction waste goes into landfill , hence increases burden on the landfill loading .
These wastes may be high in chemical content which result in water and soil pollution .
Whereas some can be recycled and re-use as similar material while others to be reconstituted to other form of usable materials .
Moreover , recycling which need reprocessing may not be economically feasible because it requires a facility using recycled resources to be located near the source .
Thus , site separation is an important step for recycling of construction waste .
Khandani ( 2005 ) described engineers as creator as well as problem solvers who invent and design .
He also stated that engineering design is a process of creative thinking of turning ideas to physical products ; it is also a system , which is created by human effort and do not suddenly appear from nowhere , they are the combination of bringing technologies to fulfil the needs of human and to help us solve difficulties .
In fact , re-cycling waste construction materials is just the same , it is a technology used to support human needs of living by build infrastructures and help to solve difficulties by cutting down consumption of natural resources to save Earth .
The world today is changing continuously where it faced many global challenges and problems .
As a result , technologies have been constantly developed in order to response to human needs .
Example of such technology is the development of tomato- harvesting machine where an agricultural scientist at the University of California at Daris predicted there will be a serious shortage of the labour in California ( Rogers , 2003 ) .
One example is the discovery of the Penicillin by Sir Alexander Fleming where he realized the presence of the antibacterial agent while researching on influenza .
This leads to the birth of the Penicillin which is widely used as antibiotics ( Mary Bellis , About.com ) .
Although the two technologies are created in a very different approach , both have to undergo the innovation-development process where the final product can be marketed .
According to Rogers ( 2003 ) , the innovationdevelopment process consists of all the decisions , activities , and their impacts that occur from recognition of a need or a problem through research , development , commercialization of an innovation , through diffusion and adoption of the innovation by users to its consequences .
For a technology that is deliberately invented , it generally requires much a longer time frame as compared to those fortuitous discoveries .
This is because inventors had to generate multiple solutions to solve for the problem identified .
Much research has to be prepared so that the best solution could be found .
In the case of the tomato harvesting machine , there are plenty of factors that need to be consider .
However in the case of the serendipitous discoveries , identifying a problem or need as well as selecting the best solution are eliminated .
Hence the total time consumed is much shorter compared to the technology develop through research .
However , no matter whether it is created intentionally or unintentionally , both required the ability to think creativity and innovatively as well as some coincidence and luck .
In the case of a deliberate technology , inventors must not restrict themselves to only one solution but exposed themselves to the various possible solutions .
These solutions have to be analyzed and research further until the best solution is found .
If luck is presence with coincidence , the best solution will be generated in a shorter time .
Similarity , the person must have the ability to view things in a different perspective , have sufficient background knowledge about the serendipitous discoveries and some luck for serendipitous discoveries to take place .
Since fortuitous discovery often occurs while research was carried out in a totally unrelated field , they must be able to identify the technology that came by accidentally .
In conclusion , the fundamental of inventing a new technology is to meet the needs of human .
In addition , luck and coincidence must be presence for the discovery to happen at the right time , right place and to the right person .
With all these factors , the time taken to develop a new technology will be shorted .
Rogers ( 2003 ) brought forward the idea that society is coming to a generation of innovation , which implicates that innovation is gradually becoming the main tasks of various enterprises and scientific research .
In every day 's newspaper , it is usual to find news regarding some enterprise adopting a new technology .
However , the products in market are not updating as fast as the innovation introduced to the public .
Firstly , the new technology must satisfy consumer 's needs .
Before the refrigerator was introduced to market in a mass , there was a competition between two prototypes of refrigerator .
Furthermore , the gas type hardly has noise , which solves the most severe problem regarding the noise ( Cowan , 1985 ) .
Because of these overwhelming advantages , people expected that gas refrigerator would dominate the consumer market .
The example of refrigerator competition interprets that whether to adopt a new technology depends on other social factors other than consumers ' needs .
To continue the previous example , the reason why gas type lost in the competition is due to the high research and development cost , several dominant cooperation thought electrical refrigerators would make more profit , then they invested large amounts of money in producing electrical refrigerator and developing market .
The aggressive occupancy of market compelled smaller companies which prefer producing gas refrigerator give up .
Mostly , they will give reverse responses after considering in different angles , but people can still make decisions based on the more crucial factor or the factor they concerned the most .
Apart from consumers ' need and producing cost , other factors like environmental problems , military demands and government regulations also affect the adoption of a new technology .
To sum up , in the generation of innovation , the development of technology is not just technologically decisive , but more socially decisive .
When scientists or enterprisers decide to adopt a new technology , the social factors will directly affect their decisions .
A good technology without profit will not fetch them .
Hence , we can conclude that social factors can determine the fortune of a new technology .
However , in recent years , this are observed by an increasing number of droughts , dried-out wells , and unavoidably , a change in climate pattern across the globe .
The high demands and misuse of water are increasing .
In the last few years , engineers had indeed innovatively managed and minimized water deficit in many countries by conveying solution ideas into engineering designed products and systems .
Throughout centuries , one of the most remarkable engineered structure or products to managed water is the design of a large water storage tank , otherwise known as dam .
As science and technology advances , brilliant engineers began designing dams that are not only for flooding control and storing of water , but even to generate energy .
Some of the latest dams of our time can store water like a reservoir , prevent flooding occurrence , generate energy by means of water pressure , and even for esthetical purposes .
These are vividly evident through Singapore 's 'Marina Barrage' .
Water treatment has largely been classified as one engineering process which turns used-water into clean , acceptable water for end use , and sometime even drinkable water .
Dirty water are usually collected through piping systems from lakes , drains and household , and transported to a treatment plant .
Water transportation is made possible through engineered piping system .
This process and system assist in the growing of crops in dry area especially during periods of inadequate rainfall .
Engineers in recent years have been working creatively and innovatively to properly treat and managed water .
With the advancement in technology , these are all made possible and there are even purified drinkable water treated from wastewater .
In certain countries , dried-out lands are even brought alive through water irrigation , where water are stored up somewhere and constantly transported through pipes to these lands .
Engineering products and systems designs are not simply a design of aesthetical purposes , but also technologically meeting some of the greatest needs of human , water deficit .
From five aspects - discovery , creativeness , time taken , acceptance of the project by company and also from problem solving - we can see that there are similarities and difference in these two approaches .
The examples I am using for this essay for serendipitous discovery and developed via research is 3M Post-it pads and Toshiba Laptop respectively .
One of the well-known accidental inventions , according to E.M. Rogers ( 1950 ) , happened several decades ago , 3M researcher found a new bonding agent , but decided it was worthless because it did not stick paper very tightly to a surface .
This failure converted into a successful product when a 3M researcher used the new bonding agent to create " Post-it " .
As for Toshiba laptop is developed via research , Mizoguchi foresee that portable personal computer can be invented when he visit the United States with an R&D team form Toshiba .
But for Mizoguchi , he has set his target on developing a laptop .
However , both inventions require creative thinking in order to produce excellent product .
For serendipity discovery , the time taken is considered short .
As it happens to produce a new bonding agent that did not stick paper tightly to a surface , which is not originally what the 3M researchers ' want , but one of the researcher used the new bonding agent to create " Post-it " , which became one of the most profitable products in 3M company .
Whereas , most developed technology via research took a long time because it needs to keep researching and try , if failed , try again until it became an invention .
Nevertheless , both of the inventions require time and effort to create miracles in the world .
Fourth , the difference between accidental invention and research to develop products is which problem the researchers are solving .
Last but not least , one of the major problems with serendipity discovery is , it requires an extra step to get approval from the company in order to mass produce or even continue to do the project .
Be it serendipity or developed through research inventions , it benefits to human lives .
This is made possible due to the innovations engineers have produced to improve on the lives of mankind .
According to khandani , S. ( 2005 ) , engineering design consists of five steps : defining the problem , gathering information , brainstorming for solutions , selecting the best solution and finally the implementation of the solution .
This process requires certain skills from the engineer , such as creativity , ability to learn from failure .
In singapore , the local society and education system produces problems that hinder the usage of the engineering design process .
learning is still heavily dependent on textbooks today .
Whether students learned or not depends on the outcome of major examinations such as GCE 'O ' and 'A ' levels .
These skills are critical to the two stages of the design process , but is lacking in locals due to the effect of the education system .
Another problem faced in singapore is society 's mindset .
Life in singapore is highly competitive and fast paced , hence parents believe that their children must possess outstanding paper qualifications to survive .
Moreover , majority of the locals are apathetic to their surroundings .
To be able to define a problem , the innovator must be observant enough to see the problem , and bothers to do something to improve it , hence creating an innovation .
The skills are vital to the two stages of the process , therefore society 's mindset poses a problem to the design process .
With these problems rectified , then Singapore will have more innovators , and hopefully more useful innovations to improve people 's lives .
This made the electric cars more expensive than petrol-run cars .
Besides economic factors , government regulations and laws also played a part in shaping the electric vehicles .
In addition , tax rebates and incentives added on the attractiveness of buying an electric vehicle .
These offer made by the government made these vehicles competitive to the petroleum cars in prices .
Therefore , it can be seen that the government 's involvement in promoting environmentally-friendly vehicles affected how marketable electric vehicles are .
Moreover , psychological factors of owning an electric vehicle have affected the outcome of the electric vehicles in the market .
A technical limitation of the electric vehicle the range of travel it can offer .
Although families who needed a car as a mode of transport did not usually require traveling for long distances , there is a psychological perception of having their freedom being restricted .
Hence , they will prefer a petroleum car which has a potential in allowing them to travel farther .
In short , there are several factors that could have shaped the electric vehicles .
However , there is a close relationship between the social factors and the technical challenges that the electric vehicles face .
Hence , the recognition of electric vehicles by society could be affected by both social factors and challenges faced in the present technology of the electric vehicle .
Human needs and problems are the motivation of conceiving of new ideas and designing new products .
In Singapore , and other countries next to the equator , air conditioners and electric fans have greatly contributed to people 's life and people are able to enjoy cool and refreshing in burning hot days .
In ancient time , heat and humidity tortured people a lot .
Fans were generally made by leathers or palm leaves sewed together .
It relieves the discomfort in summer .
It was disturbing to shaking a fan at work or in sleep .
After careful design and hard process of trials and fails , the first electric fan was created .
The advent of electric fan was a great success and it was implemented around the world .
People 's need was met by the air vortex flow formed automatically .
As time goes by , the electric fan seemed to be not that satisfactory .
It can not really cool the temperature and do not control humidity .
It proved to be effective in manipulating the heat and lowering the humidity .
The air conditioner was so effective that despite its relatively high price , it was integrated to people 's life and installed everywhere .
People feel more comfortable in hot days .
The design was initiated by people 's needs , and they ultimately met people 's needs .
More developed and enhanced functions will be added and improve people 's life better and better .
Without it , our society could not have progressed , nor would our life become convenient .
According to Roster ( 2003 ) , technology innovation development is a process begins with recognition of a problem or need , which arouses research and development activities designed to create an innovation to solve the problem or need .
While , different countries have different way to perform these stages .
So during the process , they encounter different obstacles , such as political issues , financial issues .
In China , currently two factors which are education system and economic situation that hamper the technology innovation process severely .
Firstly , the education system in China is imperfect to educate engineers so that in someway it hinders them from realizing their creativity and innovation .
University is an ideal place to cultivate engineers and prepare them for their future career .
Due to the poor quality research facilities and imperfect way of teaching , students can not gain enough skills to be a qualified engineer .
In consequence , they can not successfully take the innovation process .
Besides , the connection between university or research institution and commercial sector is not close enough .
Moreover , more efforts are need if they want to commercialize the product from their research .
So many issues that sever as anti-force are aroused during the innovation progress .
Besides education problem , economic situation also produces barrier to the innovation process .
China is till a developing country , with the boom of economy , many problems also come up .
The mismatch between still low levels of technological development on the one hand , and enormous velocity of the catch-up process on the other makes company unwilling to innovate on their own .
Entrepreneurs ' main aim is to bring higher profits in a shorter time to their company .
Consequently , companies choose to import or imitate them from other country instead of develop on their own .
In the year 2005 , foreign invested corporations account for more than half of China 's export , and research-intensive high value added products are still largely imported .
Compared with 30 million which US government put in the life science research , 0.25 million is really tiny ( Factors that hamper innovation in China , 2004 ) .
In addition , economic situation and current circumstance , as well as the financial problem also create barriers for innovation to take place .
These vectors hamper engineering design process significant .
Hopefully , these problems can be eliminated in future and situation can become better and better .
Look around and you would most probably notice people driving in their cars , talking on their phones or busy typing away on their personal computers .
The release of information is usually done by companies which wanted to flaunt their superiority over other similar companies competing in the same market .
New innovations contrived in skunkworks environment usually revolutionize the world and propel the company which invented it to new heights while that is not the case for conventional technology .
The invention of personal computers in IBM 's skunkworks completely changed the way in which the world operates , and made IBM the forerunner in computers , but the upgrading of the computers with ordinary technical knowledge did not really lead people onto a new path , instead it only results in the proliferation of many small computer-based companies .
Despite of the differences , both technologies share some common traits .
Second , products that emerge from both technologies can be used for a long time .
Using the previous examples , the P-80 jet was used for close to 30 years before being replaced completely , while the HIV vaccine may be in use forever if the vaccine undergoes successful researches .
With rapid urbanization and the world population increasing into the future , housing would prove to be a challenging issue .
The main steps to consider in a good and proper housing system are the affordability , durability and safe living conditions .
Hence the main solution to the problem of improper housing would be the reduction of housing cost without compromising on quality .
Building proper houses or flats usually require much finance .
On being unable to obtain a proper home , squatters are the next and only alternative that the homeless can approach to .
Moreover , health dangers are prevalent when certain waste materials are used in the shelter construction according to an article , by Environmental Health Perspectives , Give Me Shelter : The Global Housing Crisis .
Furthermore , squatters in the slums do not have proper sewer system and a clean water source .
Being aware of the rising problem we can then identify the solutions needed for a better housing system .
Cost and labor friendly procedures for house and flat constructions could be adapted for cheaper production .
After consolidating these solutions , their feasibility can then be measured by testing on within a real society .
Upon successful implementation , we can make necessary adjustments or assessments based on the effectiveness of the solutions .
There are many other processes that can be applied to solve this issue , but I strongly feel that an engineering design process will be the best approach .
Since entering the 21st century , mankind is faced with a growing number of challenges and threats .
Global warming is partly caused by the overuse of fossil fuels and the War in Iraq is mainly resulted from the need of petroleum of USA , while the threat of China actually refers to China 's huge demands of resources including energy resources to satisfy the high-speed development of China .
Therefore , among all the current human needs , the need of energy , in my opinion , should be given priority .
In meeting this need , engineering design processes takes an important role .
As we know , the storage and transport of hydrogen have been two major factors that restrict the wide use of hydrogen .
Engineers need to find right materials and design a suitable container for hydrogen so that it can be safely transported and stored .
In terms of solar energy , to improve the utilization and reduce the cost of use is a problem leaves for engineers .
In China , millions of families have already used solar water heater for years , which saved considerable electricity .
Otherwise , it would be an embarrassing situation that the saved energy can not pay the cost of solar panels , which would make solar energy no market .
In the process of exploitation of fossil fuels , engineering design helps to find scientific methods to improve resource recovery and reduce resource wasting .
In addition , deep processing of fossil fuels also needs engineering design to improve utilization of fossil fuels .
For example , during the process of exploiting oil , the byproducts like natural gas are often burned since it is hard to collect and stored .
Last , engineering design processes can help to reduce the waste of energy .
Engineers are trying to find a superconducting material that can work in room temperature to take place of traditional conducting material .
Furthermore , the energy- saving appliances designed by engineers have saved inestimable energy for the world .
In the coming years , human 's demand for energy will be increasing whereas renewable energy source are decreasing .
Engineers have compelling obligation to solve this problem .
With the breakthroughs of different domains of science , engineers should shoulder up the responsibility of making these breakthroughs available for people therefore benefit humankind .
The survival of humanity in this century is heavily dependent on the role of Engineers and we should be prepared for potential threats and challenges .
In fact , usage of RFID on individuals causes more harm than good as it not only intrudes our privacy ( Channel 3000 , n.d. ) , our security would also be compromised instead of enhanced .
Similarly , individual 's privacy such as 'habits and movements ' should also be kept unknown to the government ( Channel 3000 , n.d. ) .
Arguments put forth that the RFID tags on individuals could be programmed in such a way to minimize information leakage .
Data generated from RFID tags of individuals could also be abused by the intended receivers such as surveillance officers ( BBC News , 2006 ) , adding on a whole new level of security blight .
Although a complete ban on RFID is impossible , its usage on individual tracking should be banned as it intrudes our privacy and compromises our security .
[ i ] The controversy was brought up when deciding if individual have the final say to reveal such testing as genetic discrimination might surface when the results of such testing is made known to third party .
Since genetic testing is beneficial , some governments have come up with legal procedures that would protect suffers from genetic discrimination .
However , these laws were usually limited [ ii ] .
[ iii ] In addition , the accountability of such results is questionable considering that the result is often interpreted or analyzed .
Similarly , since the disease might not manifest itself even if one is tested positive , no one should have the right to reveal the results as it is difficult to verify the exactitude of the result .
RFID is a kind of surveillance technology which uses tags and readers to gather information about items attaching with the tags .
While surveillance technology has contributed a lot to the society , it causes troubles such as privacy and security issues ( Anonymous 2007 ) .
Thus proper rules and regulations are needed for surveillance technology , i.e.the use of surveillance technology should be banned in a certain degree .
Privacy issue is the one that most people are concerning about .
( Anonymous 2007 ) Moreover , it is very difficult to get rid of RFID tag as these chips are too thin and tiny to be found and disabled ( Surinder MB 2008 ) .
Hence , if the information is open to everyone , our safety in daily lives are not ensured anymore .
However , people may argue that surveillance technology is introduced to help ensure security , and it indeed works very well in preventing crimes to occur and providing information for investigation .
In conclusion ,surveillance technology should be banned for certain degree to ensure that privacy is protected and the security issue is solved also .
As an emerging technology , genetic testing is getting more and more related to people 's life as being applied to predictions and diagnoses of diseases .
Since it could indicate the onset of diseases in the future , the results of genetic testing may tag a person with " having inherited defects " ( Buchanan , n.d. ) .Therefore , it aroused a controversy over that whether the individual requesting genetic testing should have the final say in whether to reveal the results .
Genetic testing creates tension within a family because it conveys people the information of getting ill also implies other family members the possibility of having the same defect genes ( Kahn,2000 ) .
Besides , it is disadvantageous for getting a job with results showing that the individual is genetically inferior .
In conclusion , the results of genetic testing do have big impacts of people 's life in terms of emotional impacts and genetic discrimination .
Therefore , the individual requesting genetic testing should have the final say in whether to reveal the results , and this is also in agreement of protecting human rights .
Genetic testing is a kind of genetic test which determines the vulnerabilities of an individual to inherit genetic disorders ( U.S National Library of Medicine , 2009 , para .
The results obtained from a genetic test can exclude an alleged genetic condition or help verify if a person is a carrier of the genetic disease or have a chance to develop the genetic disorder in future ( U.S National Library of Medicine , 2009 , para .
If the foetus had been diagnosed with the mutation , the couple can then choose to terminate the pregnancy ( Norrgard , 2008 , Family Planning , para .
Furthermore , it is also unfair to the insurance companies if the individual with genetic disease decided to buy life insurance policies without revealing that they have such genetic disorder .
It allows for more effective tracing of an individual through an instant identification approach .
The tracking of patients is particularly useful in the protection of infant babies , alzcheimer 's patients and others with special vulnerabilities ( Dr. Counse , n.d. ) It alerts the staff should the patient encounter a mishap or wanders away .
The RFID wrist tags also codes for information regarding the patient .
Important data such as the appropriate medication , meal requirements can be easily retrieved , thereby facilitating the job of the nurses .
It caters increased attention and care for the welfare of the patients .
RFID may revolutionize our society in future but at the very moment , it is still in its infant stage where its benefits have yet to warrant a widespread implementation while its disadvantages are surmountable .
Secondly , RFID infringes one 's privacy in the process of tracking the various information associated with that person ( Ahson , 2007a ) .
When these devices are used on items that have prices ranging a few dollars , it makes one wonder whether one is paying for the item or for the delivery process .
Some may argue that at-risk relatives should be informed about their susceptibility to genetic diseases , so that they can take early precaution or appropriate treatment to the diseases .
Surveillance technology has brought us many applications varying in many areas of our life .
First of all , RFID has played an important role in preventing criminal .
From security view , RFID can provide more precise and complete information on suspects or criminals , which results in the reduction in time and manpower for an investigation .
In other words , when combined with the " intelligent video security system using image process " technology which can " detect unexpected movement or unusual behavior that can pose a threat to people , property and infrastructure " , RFID will prevent many potential risk from criminal or dire threat like terrorism ( Focus Group Meeting on Technology Convergence , 2008 ) .
Not only when combined with such intelligent video technology , RFID can also protect the Homeland security of a country from many threats when it functions separately .
When travelers cross a border of a country , if they obtained " an RFID-enabled border crossing document " , the Border Protection Office or Immigration Office can collect identification and citizenship information of travelers then rapidly determine if they are threats to the country or not , based on the world-wide security information system between many Governments ( Use of Radio Frequency Identification ( RFID ) Technology for Border Crossings , 2008 ) .
Another key application from RFID is that RFID helps to improve the healthcare sector .
The wristband with embedded transponder which can be seen in many hospital all over the world is designed basically based on RFID technology .
Thus , it can warn the management system of the hospital if unauthorized person tries to break into a restricted area or a patient tries to leave the medical condition ( RFID in hospitals , retrieved from the Internet ) .
For instance , it is more safe now for patients who have mental lost or mental diseases if they are lost , because they are being tracked all the time in the hospital under the surveillance system like RFID .
However , others argue that RFID technology have infringed privacy rights of human being .
They claim that information from RFID devices can be approached by a third party and RFID can be used to track individuals illegal if the technology is well-known ( Postnote from Parliamentary Office of Science and technology , 2004 ) .
Restricted uses and laws has been applied to RFID technology , hence , the information of individuals can only be seen by authorized person legally with positive purpose .
And the fact is that most of people will choose safety and security between security and privacy .
To conclude , it is indisputable that the advantages of surveillance technology outweigh the negative effect .
In conclusion , surveillance technology such as RFID should not be banned because it not only improve security system for people and country but also enhance the healthcare sector .
The first reason concerns with the patient 's family who may share the risk of inheriting the genetic defects if one of the family 's members is diagnosed with a dominant genetic disease ( Norrgard , 2008 ) .
It is very unfair for his or her family if the result is not disclosed to them moreover if the disease can only begin to show any symptom only when it is in the final stage , then the life of the person may be at danger .
For instance , a couple diagnosed with SMA * may think of alternative way of having children for example by IVF * * .
However , as argued before , everybody genes may be linked to their relatives ' genes , so it is possible for the relatives particularly their sibling to inherit the same defective gene .
Others reason for instance in medical insurance case that it is unfair to charge individual with genetic defects at a higher rate since the defects are not what they want ( Norrgard , 2008 ) .
But again , if they are charged at the same rate with normal people then they are being unfair to others and the insurance company since the treatment fee for such kind of genetic disease is high .
To conclude , individual requesting for genetic testing should not have the final say as it is unfair to the medical insurance company and the person 's relative who may be at also at risk of inheriting the same genetic defects .
Since the attack on the London Underground on July 2005 , surveillance technology has generated a lot of attention after they were used to track the movements of the terrorists responsible for the attack .
Reports and articles have shown that the use of surveillance technology to track people can be beneficial to us , particularly in the healthcare and crime prevention sector and enhancing the security area .
If a patient suddenly collapsed in her room and there is no one to alert the nurse , it will probably take one or more hour for her to be saved when the nurse go around to check on the patients .
By that time , her life would be in danger and this would most probably bring about dire consequences such as death .
Not only that , if indeed that a crime happened , the prison guards will be able to investigate and know who is the culprit .
Thirdly , surveillance technology can also be use to keep track of our children and prevent kidnapping .
In conclusion , surveillance technology should not be banned to track people as it not only can save life but also improves the healthcare sector while enhancing the security of our society .
The main issue pertaining to this is that when an individual choose not to disclose the result of the genetic testing , it is actually unfair to and has adverse impacts on both his family and employer .
The result of the genetic testing concerns parties other than the individual alone , and therefore , the individual requesting for genetic testing should not have the final say to whether the results should be revealed to others .
Firstly , often , when an individual is tested to be positive for genetic disorder , he will be reluctant to share the result with others , even the closest kin .
This is unjust to the family members as it meant that they have also , the possibility of suffering from genetic disorder .
They should thus be notified so that they will be able to do necessary family planning , especially in the case if the individual carries a mutation that may result in fatal genetic disorder ( { http : //www.nature.com } [ HYPERLINK : http : //www.nature.com ] , 2008 ) .
The importance of sharing the information with family members is recognized , as even during the pretest genetic counseling session , an individual will be advised to share the result with them ( { www.ons.org } [ HYPERLINK : http : //www.ons.org ] , 2009 ) .
Due to the negative consequences of allowing individual to make the decision , individual should therefore not be given the right to have the final say about revealing the result .
Secondly , given choice of not revealing the result of genetic testing , individual will therefore and most of the time chooses to do so to his related company .
This action has an adverse impact on the company .
If during the course of employment , the individual 's welfare and safety were being threatened by the work that he was doing , the company will be held liable , despite being ignorant about the dangers that that he were vulnerable to ( { http : //www.law.duke.edu } [ HYPERLINK : http : //www.law.duke.edu ] , 2002 ) .
Furthermore , when individual develops into the genetically linked disease , efficiency of work will be reduced , but yet the company will incur additional expenses to cover the issues that arose from a sick worker ( { http : //www.law.duke.edu } [ HYPERLINK : http : //www.law.duke.edu ] , 2002 ) .
This furthermore supports that the individual requesting for genetic testing should not have the final say in revealing the result of such testing .
In conclusion , due to the negative consequences on both the family and the related company , individual should not the power of decision-making in whether or not to reveal the result of the genetic testing .
With the test , people are able to understand the conditions of the diseases which they inherited genes from their parents .
It helps to improve people 's lives .
While helping the people , there is also an ethical dilemma and social issues arose with it .
Facing these problems , people who have done the test should have the right to keep the result from others .
One reason for revealing the result to the family members is that the result is not only applicable to the individual but also to other family members , as they may also have inherited the diseases .
Even though the individual may have the responsibility to inform the others about the possibility of them inheriting the genes , one should have the right to decide whether to tell .
The result will give individual the psychological distress and harm , which will actually affect or worsen one 's health ( U.S. National Institutes of Health ) .
When people find out about the test , knowing them might have the genes , the stress level will increases in turn their health will be affected .
Moreover , the test result may be faulty and some people carrying the gene may never develop the disease .
Revealing will cause a burden to them .
Individuals who have done the test may face discrimination ( Karen Norrgard , 2008 ) .
Insurance company may use the information to raise rates or to deny the insurance .
Furthermore , the testing only gives the percentage but not the definitive results .
In making the test known to others , one has to face others ' judgements throughout the life .
In conclusion , people should have the right in restricting others from knowing the result of the test as psychological and social issues impose great impacts on people 's lives .
Radio frequency identification ( RFID ) is an example of the surveillance technology used commonly for identification and tracking purposes .
The market for such device is growing very quickly due to its affordable price and widespread use ( Sieberg D , 2006 ) .
However , there are also several problems attributed from the use of RFID .
Most concerns revolve around the fact that RFID invades one 's privacy and violates human rights when they are used for tracking people .
It becomes impossible to know or detect the presence of a RFID tag since it can be read from a distance away from the individual ( DiLorenzo , 2008 ) .
Companies which specialise in RFID tags may pass the information obtained from the RFID tags to any buyer if government does not intervene or control .
However , the use of RFID can have undesirable effects on our body because radio waves from RFID are mutagenic and it is harmful when exposed in large quantity .
In conclusion , we should prohibit the use of RFID tags on individual without consent as they violate location privacy and affects our health .
A lot of surveillance technologies has been invented and developed .
One of them is RFID ( Radio Frequency Identification ) which has been used widely thorough the world even used to track people .
Yet there are many debates on this tracking concerning the ethical and moral issues .
Some argue that RFID tracking has bad effects in human life but in reality the tracking gives many advantages for human .
There are two significant benefit of RFID in tracking people .
Firstly , RFID gives more practical and accuracy in medical aspects ( Roberti , 2007 ) .
This tracking also gives access to the medical information more accurately such as the temperature of patients , whether a patient is allergic to some medicines Secondly , RFID increases security of workers in working area ( Mehdizadeh , 2007 ) .
By implanting a RFID in a device worn by a worker , company can monitor the safety of workers especially those working in more risky area like oil explorations and mines .
With tracking the location of workers , it confirms that " a right worker is at the right place " ( Mehdizadeh , 2007 ) .
Opponents of people tracking using RFID say that the tracking weighs the important privacy of the people tracked and abuses personal information by some unauthorised man ( Tan & Li , 2008 ) .
However , the using of RFID to track is initially according to the agreement of the patients and workers .
In addition , the RFID nowadays have been made with high security to ensure the confidential of the tracked person ( Tan & Li , 2008 ) .
It is also said that the implanting of RFID in human body may cause electromagnetic disturbance in the body ( Roberti , 2007 ) .
However , this effect has not been proved and so far there is no any issue regarding this disturbance .
In conclusion , RFID tracking should not be banned as it does not inflict the privacy of people and gives advantages in many aspects in human life .
Genetic testing is a development in science that allows early detection of genetic diseases ( Anonymous , 2005 ) .
There is often a concern whether the individual should reveal their genetic result as it may bring about several impacts to the individual and to the third party .
Therefore , the individual should bear in mind the consequences and decide whether to reveal their genetic results .
Revealing of genetic test results may pose impacts on the individual as well as the family members .
Firstly , revealing of genetic test may cause the individual to be genetically discriminated ( Norrgard , 2008 ) .
Secondly , it may create psychological distress to family members if the genetic test results were to be revealed .
As genetic diseases can be inherited among family members , anxiety and fear of inheriting the genetic diseases that the individual has been diagnosed will be created .
Therefore , the individual should have the final say in disclosing their genetic results as it may bring about several impacts .
However , some may argue that revealing of genetic test results of an individual would be able to protect other family members .
Indeed , early knowledge of the risk to genetic diseases might help family members to take preventive measures to reduce the onset of such diseases .
However , one should not forget that once the genetic result of the individual is disclosed , it might be difficult for the individual to integrate into the society as they may be discriminated .
There will be benefits to other parties but adverse implication towards the individual .
Therefore , the individual requesting for genetic test should have the final say in whether to reveal their test results .
In conclusion , revealing of test results may bring about several impacts to the individual as well as the third party .
Hence , the individual should bear in mind the impacts that may arise and decide if they should reveal such results .
Genetic testing is a method that diagnoses an individual 's diseases based on their genes through biochemical measurement .
Since it has been brought , it received critics as much as compliments because of the risk of assaulting the individual 's parity .
There are many controversies about whether the individuals have rights to disclose their results .
I am inclined to the rights of individuals to reveal their genetic outcome .
Publicizing an individual 's result can bring about big impacts on them , due to the discrimination in families , career choosing , health insurance and society hierarchy .
The individual should have rights to decide whether to disclose his results to other .
Genetic testing predicts an individual 's inherent risks for the disease and genetic disorders .
Depending on the seriousness of the disease , the individual decides whether to reveal his diagnosis .
Sometimes , if his families and relatives know about his result , they may start to change their behaviour towards the individual .
Since moral supports are indispensable for one 's going , it will evidently cause depression in the individual and exacerbate the individual 's chance of disease .
There is also another noticeable problem that the individual might even not want to be worried by his whole family .
Some African American workers , in the early 1970s , taking as an example , have the genetic mutation associated with sickle-cell anemia , were denied insurance coverage or charged higher premiums ( Andrews , 1987 ) .
Moreover , forcing the individual to publicize his result will bring about a new caste system where people are grouped according to the genome .
This group of people will have rights denied from them as they belong to the lower class people .
Is not it another more sophisticated kind of discrimination ?
In conclusion , due to the serious impact in one 's life , we should let the individual to decide his revealing genetic results .
It allows one to know if he has a genetic disorder by doing the test .
Some may feel that revealing the results may be viewed as invading privacy , while in fact ; not revealing the results can be seen as being irresponsible .
There are family members , friends and employers who are playing a part in his life .
Thus , due to the implications of many other people , the individual should not have the final say .
An individual who wish to start a family with his spouse should reveal the testing result .
Marriage and having children are not just between the couple , it involves the two families .
Some people are carriers of genetic disorders , they have the genes even if they do not show the disease themselves ( Genetic Testing n.d. ) .
The unborn child may have the chance to get the disorder from his parents .
It is the responsibility of the individuals to tell their family members the likely outcome of the unborn child .
Some who argue that revealing the test result will attract discrimination such as being viewed as an outcast of the society .
They may be denied insurance due to their disorder .
However , revealing the result can be seen as a form of education to the employers .
They can make sure that their workers with genetic disorders are not being exposed to any environment that may agitate their illnesses ( Andre , C. , & Velasquez , M. n.d. ) .
Therefore , this can only be done if individuals reveal their testing result .
In conclusion , individuals should not have the final say as any disorders that they may be found out will affect their family and also the result will allow their employer to provide them a safe working environment .
Advances in genetic testing allow one to detect the presence of abnormal gene which could cause genetic disorder .
This has brought about many debates on whether the individual who undergo genetic testing should have the final say in revealing the results .
While some proponents suggest that it is the privacy of the individual who undergoes the genetic testing , but the test results might also have adverse effects to those who are closely related to that person .
Firstly , for an individual with positive genetic test results , he has no right in keeping the test results to himself .
He needs to inform his wife in order to make wise decision if they were to start a family ( When Do Doctors Recommend Genetic Testing ? , n.d. ) .
They need to discuss on whether by not giving birth the disorder can be prevented from being passed on to the next generation .
Hence , this affects not only the person with genetic disease , but also the life partner .
Many critics claimed that individual with positive genetic test result should have the right not to reveal the test results to potential employers .
They argued that the job applicants should not be discriminated just because of the positive genetic test result ( Andre and Velasquez , n.d. ) .
Employers can use the information acquired from genetic testing to ensure that their employees are not exposed to environmental agents that might caused them to have increase risk in genetic disorders .
This can ultimately lead to the reduction of work-days loss .
In conclusion , the individual requesting for genetic test should not have the final say in disclosing the test result as it affects not only one person but also the family and employers .
Nowadays , development of technology has been going on rapidly .
For instance is genetic testing .
In one side , it is very useful to diagnose many kind of genetic disease .
In other side , it is a dilemma for the people who are convinced having genetic disease to tell the the third party about his genetic testing result .
I strongly claimed that he should not have the final say .
He does n't have the right to disclose it .
First and foremost , He have to tell his prospective spouse or fiancee about his genetic testing result because ; some people who have abnormal gene inherited by their parent wo n't have observable symptoms of a the disease but will have a 50 : 50 chance of inheriting the disease to their children ( Genetic Testing , 2007 ) .
By telling to the spouse priorly , they can take preventive medic treatment before planning to have children .
The second reason is an obligation to tell his employer about his diseases .
Some people may argue that it is unfair to use of genetic tests in recruitment of employees or job applicants because it is treating people discriminatively based on fixed characteristic ( Andre , Velasquez , n.d. ) .
The main purpose of employment genetic screening which is to make sure that the prospective job is safe and not causing complication or any bad effect for those having this kind of diseases .
Last but not least is regarding the sake of other people around him .
Those who have this disease perceived a strong sense of responsibility to share this information with others ( Loescher , Crist , Siaki , 2009 ) .
To sum up , anyone who is suffering from genetic diseases or carrier of this diseases should not has a final say in whether to reveal or to hide about his disease .
Instead , it is a must for him to disclose his disease to : his spouse to save their baby from inheriting the disease , his employer to make sure that his job is safe and all people around him .
Revealing the Genetic testing result will be beneficiary for himself , his employer , his family and all the people around him .
Therefore , the use of RFID to track people should be banned as it would bring about negative impacts to the society .
Firstly , it will cause impingement to privacy and security .
These private information may also be accessed by other parties as the RFID can be decoded and may be subjected to viral threats ( DiLorenzo , 2008 ) .
Criminals may have access to these information and this may put our life in danger as these criminals can easily harm us once they know our exact location .
Animal studies on these RFID microchips suggested that RFID implantation in human may result in cancer ( Paddock , 2007 ) .
Proponents of using RFID to track people argued that such usage of RFID is important in the medical field as it helps to monitor patient 's health and enables the immediate retrieval of patient 's information ( Paddock , 2007 ) .
As such , patient 's medical information may leak out , which in turn may result in social discrimination and loss of health care coverage .
Medical information stored in the RFID may also be altered by hackers and this would lead to error in diagnosis ( Sieberg , 2006 ) .
In conclusion , the use of RFID to track people should be banned as it will cause invasion in privacy , security breaches as well as health problems when RFID chips are implanted .
However , critics have been quick to point out that it is an intrusion of privacy and are calling for it to be banned .
I believe that the benefits of RFID used in tracking people far outweigh the 'uncertain ' disadvantages and thus it should not be banned .
Firstly , RFID has been seen as a solution to track medical patients .
This is to ensure " improved continuity and coordination of care " ( Roberti 2007 ) and reduce the probabilities in " adverse drug events and other medical errors " ( Roberti 2007 ) .
With the integration of both RFID and Global Positioning System ( GPS ) , it is used to locate workers ' during emergencies .
RFID can also authenticate if the worker has the right to access certain areas and use certain machineries .
Critics though have been quick to identify that the " unauthorised reading and changing of RFID data " ( Tan and Li 2008 ) as an encroachment of privacy .
However , there have been measures being put in place such as the usage of " Authentication " ( Tan and Li 2008 ) to identify the reader .
This prevents " counterfeiting behaviours " and to " control access to label contents " ( Tan and Li 2008 ) .
Distracters have also argued that " RFID may cause electromagnetic interference " ( Roberti 2007 ) , exposing the user to the dangers of magnetic interference .
So far , there has not been a formal report confirming that worry .
In conclusion , I believe that the usage of RFID in tracking human should not be banned as the advantages of its usage outweigh its disadvantages .
And I have absolute trust in scientists to iron out the flaws to make RFID truly the " perfect " solution to many existing limited technology .
Genetic testing is used to examine the genes of a patient or a latent patient , in order to analysis the causes of some diseases .
However , with the application of genetic testing , some problems are revealed gradually , such as whether the patients should tell their families about their testing results .
In fact , everyone has to be responsible for the health of their families and themselves , hence , the individual requesting genetic testing should not have the final say in whether to reveal the testing results , and these results should be made known to their relatives .
If the person does not tell his families about the test results , his families would not know their health deficiencies and would not tell their doctors .
In this case , the person 's families are likely suffering from such diseases and missing the earlier diagnosis in the future , which are mainly caused by the person 's concealment of his testing results .
For example , if a man 's genetic testing results indicated some pathogenic genes but he got married with a woman without telling her about these results , the woman might feel that she has been cheated after she knew the truth because she did not want to married to a man with gene deficiency .
In addition , if they already have children and their children also have such pathogenic genes through heredity , who should responsible for these children 's health problems ?
Genetic test is a test which uses laboratory techniques to determine whether a individual has a genetic disease or is possible to get the disease .
Thus , the individual who request for the genetic testing should not have the final say in whether to reveal the results of the test for the sake of himself and also his family members .
Firstly , a couple who is planning get marry and one of them or a close relative of them has an inherited disease is advised to take up genetic testing .
The result of such genetic test affects not only the individual but also affects his family and his fiance .
Both sides of family members should have the right to know the result and will be able to make preventive and treatment measures .
Furthermore , if the couple is planning to give birth but one of them having a positive result of such testing , they can discuss with their closed family members whether to have baby or not .
Thus , there is not right for the individual taking such test to keep the result as a secret .
Furthermore , in my opinion , employers have the right to know such result to ensure that their prospective or current employees are not placed in environments that might be hazardous to them and also can react immediately if something happens ( Claire Andre and Manuel Velasquez , n.d. ) .
If the individual has the final say to decide whether to reveal the result , it is unfair for his closed family and also people who are related to him if the individual decide to keep the result to him .
Others argued that it is unfair for the individual as the result is a kind of confidential information .
However , by not disclosing of such result , the consequences are serious .
The risk of giving birth to inherit genetic disease child is high and also endanger the individual by exposing himself to work environment that may be hazardous to his health .
In conclusion , the individual requesting genetic testing should not have the final say in whether to reveal the results of such testing for the sake of himself , his closed family and also his employer .
A genetic test is defined as an assessment of a person 's genes to determine the probablitity of inheriting abnormalities or diseases as well as carrier status which he may pass down the generations .
Thus many will say the results must also be make known to his relatives even without his consent .
However , one should have the rights to decide for himself whether he should tell his results to a third party e.g .
It is obvious that everyone have the rights to ensure their privacy , as these are what make us different from animals .
Thus as fellow Homo sapiens , each and every one has the rights to decide for himself .
Proponents may argue that the doctors should also release the genetic testing results to the relatives as these may also involved them .
However , it would be ridiculous that the relatives are able to know that they might also face this particular genetic disease in future from the individual 's results since everyone have a unique genome unless they are twins .
And also even they are somehow blood related , the probability of them inheriting the same particular genetic disorder are different .
When one is denied of the rights , the consequences are definitely undesirable .
Some of the implications may be in the case of insurance where some are being overcharge according to the results .
For instance , " during the early 1970s , a number of African Americans who were known to be carriers for the mutation associated with sickle-cell anemia were denied insurance coverage or charged higher premiums ( Andrews , 1987 ) " , this clearly show what had happened when the privacy of the results are not ensured .
This situation could have been avoided if the individual could decide for himself , as he will be able to weight the pro and con better since it concerns his later part of life .
In conclusion , there could be some laws pass down to settle all these ethical issues .
Ultimately , it still does not solve the root of these problems and the unforeseen situations in the future .
Therefore rights should be given to the individual to decide for himself , as the decisions made will be impactful and irreversible on his life .
The development and advances in surveillance technology such as Radio Frequency Identification ( RFID ) have made it possible to track anyone , anything , any places , anytime .
Although some argue that the use of RFID to track people brings benefits , it posts great risks to exposure one 's privacy to criminals , which is against the human rights and perhaps , threatens one 's health .
Thus , such use of RFID to track people should be banned .
By using RFID technology , one 's personal information , purchased goods and whereabouts can be tracked easily by private corporations or government ( DiLorenzo 2008 ) .
Although some argue that RFID technology that stores one 's information in RFID such as credit card or identity card provides great convenience , it creates chances for criminals as well at the same time .
Health concerns are also related with the use of RFID to track people .
Some companies have implanted RFID microchips in their staffs to track their locations and information .
Furthermore , ifthe microchips react with a strong electrical or magnetic field , the implant could be destroyed and cause serious burns .
For example , an employer might choose to not hire or to fire someone if he is to find out that the person has a certain disease such as cancer or Huntington disease ( Maxwell & Mehlman , 1999 ) .
Another social consequence would be when individuals are discriminated against in Health coverage based on their genetic make-up .
While it may be difficult even for the individual to accept the results of the test , sharing the news with their relatives and friends may be the larger concern .
While some may feel that it is the moral obligation of these individual to inform his immediate family members of positive results of inheritable diseases such as cancer or HD , since they too may inherit the disease , I feel that there is no need for such an action as the result is after all private and confidential .
Also , certain genetic test such as the test for disorders of sexual development is a very private matter .
In conclusion , the final say in whether to reveal the results of such testing should always lie on the individual who has requested for the test .
Besides ethical implications , medical implications such as accuracy of test results are also concerns the general public hold for the issue .
Therefore , with these concerns , it is important that the individual requesting genetic testing should have the final say in whether to reveal the results of such testing .
Firstly privacy is one of the worries one will have while considering whether or not to carry out genetic testing .
Furthermore , health care providers might also reveal the person 's genetic status to concerned family members which in turn weakened our confidence in the providers .
( Holtzman , 1996 ) Secondly , information from genetic testing of individuals with genetic susceptibilities is used by employers and insurance companies to deny them employment as well as to grant lower insurance coverage .
This is generally known as discrimination .
( Holtzman , 1996 ) With reference to a survey conducted by Georgetown University , out of 332 families with genetic susceptibilities , " 22 % reported they had been refused health insurance , and 13 % had been fired from their jobs based on their perceived genetic risks .
" ( Of Genes and Pink Slips : Genetic Testing Goes to Work , 2005 ) Up to date , not many laws have been passed down to protect the rights of people with higher genetic risks .
Alternatively , companies should allocate other job which is more suitable and does not put the employee at risk .
( Holtzman , 1996 ) In this way , both parties benefit and there is no unfair discrimination .
In conclusion , individual requesting genetic testing should have the final say in whether to reveal the results of such testing so as to protect oneself from discrimination and invasion of privacy .
Now days , genetic testing has caused ethical and moral issues .
One of them is about the privacy and confidentiality of the individual who undergo genetic testing , whether he or she should reveal the results of the testing to third parties or not .
While it is true that people 's individual right should be respected , but if others can be saved by revelation of the results of the person undergo the genetic testing then it should be done .
The reason why most people want to protect their privacy of genetic information is because they fear discrimination .
They fear that they would denied insurance or that their policies are canceled ( Mehmaln,1999 ) .In fact , this fear is groundless because in truth several laws at the federal and state levels help protect people against genetic discrimination .
With the approval of GINA ( Genetic Information Nondiscrimination Act ) in May 2008 , they do n't have to worry anymore .
There are several advantages by revealing the results of genetic testing to third parties .
If the genetic testing is revealed to the relatives and they end up having the same disease , they could be saved by preventing the disease to develop further more .
Another thing is people 's life is obviously more important than privacy , especially if it 's your loved ones .
Therefore it is encouraged to reveal the result of genetic testing , especially to your relatives .
In conclusion , the individual undergo genetic testing should not have the final say in whether to reveal the results of such testing as they are protected by the laws against discrimination and also because other people 's life could be saved .
The rights and wrongs on using surveillance technology on the public has been an issue for a long time .
The issue of privacy was commonly used to outweigh the aspects of safety and security .
The ban of surveillance technology should not be imposed on .
By allowing proper usage of surveillance technology , one could increase the level of security and safekeeping in a country as well as improving work efficiency at a workplace .
As reported in the news last year , West Virginia decided to use video surveillance technology on its highways to help in the finding of missing children ( Stump , 2008 , p.1 ) which resulted in one hundred percent recovery of the missing children ( Stump , 2008 , p.2 ) .
On another side , it can also help improve the work efficiency at a workplace , more commonly in office work settings .
The cubicles allows employees to do things unrelated to work and employers are unable to push the employees to get the work done when they spend more than half the time using the facilities available for their own indulgence .
Thus by setting up an electronic surveillance to keep track of the employees ' usage of facilities , the employees will become more 'aware ' of their situation and start taking their job more seriously , improving work efficiency ( Heathfield , n.d. , p.1 ) .
Genetic testing is a medical test , which is used to diagnose the disorder in the genome of a person and determine if this mutation can cause a specific disease .
With the development of ability to test for genetic disorder , an arising problem that has been " the subject of significant debate within the bioethics community " ( Mehlman , 1999 , para.5 ) is the privacy of genetic information .
Generally , the consensus for this problem is that genetic information should not be disclosed against people 's privacy .
The choice to undergo genetic testing of an individual is personal , however , before deciding to undergo the test , the patient have to face the fear that his testing result may be disclosed and used against his welfare .
The most concerns of these patients are their employment and insurance because it is usually difficult for them to obtain these if their genetic information is revealed .
Another case can occur is in sports , where there are situations of the birth defect " disorders of sexual development " ( Borenstein , 2009 , para.1 ) .
Some athletes only found out their defects when they were given genetic testing before a competition , they were banned from the competition and this information then would be all public .
To protect the welfare of patients with genetic problem , their genetic information should not be disclosed over their objection or even without their permission .
But in fact , there are some arguments that revealing this information can protect some third parties from harm , for example , enable the avoidance of inherited disorder .
In conclusion , until these laws are enacted , not revealing such information without patients ' consent or using other method like alias testing are the better choices .
Monitoring employees at workplace and installing video cameras at public places such as banks , stores or restaurants are one of the debatable issues today .
Whereas advocates of such surveillance technologies emphasize on the benefit as to promote work efficiency and secure communal settings , opponents strike back by stating intensified concerns related to individual privacy .
Firstly , the monitoring system at workplace indeed effectively drives employees to perform better .
Meanwhile , surveillance on lax supervisors may evidently verify their incompetence ( Heathfield , n.d ) .
Namely , mutual surveillance guarantees active working environments , as well as bringing high productivity and huge profits to the employers .
Secondly , as Mr. Gray , Mayor of Lancaster , states , the use of surveillance technologies plays a utilitarian role in public security and criminals detecting ( Gray , 2009 ) .
Sometimes criminals will be deterred if they are aware of the hidden surveillance .
Concerns of privacy issues might be crucial to constructing regulations on the implementation , however , the solutions are abundant thus the banning of surveillance technology is utterly unnecessary .
To illustrate , companies shall not be allowed to monitor phone calls expect for business related ones ( Heathfield , n.d. ) .
Simultaneously , the safeguards should be briefed on their integrity so as not to reveal any information obtained through surveillance ; strict penalties should be enforced on those who fail to preserve privacy ( Gray , 2009 ) .
To sum up , surveillance technology should not be banned as its usefulness in workplace and enhancing public safety makes it an indispensable tool in today 's world .
In the past , surveillance is conducted through human to human tracking .
With advances in technology , surveillance nowadays is aided by equipments such as closed-circuit TV ( CCTV ) , camera , voice recorder and RFID ( radio frequency identification ) .
This has brought about debates on ethical and moral issues with regards to the usage of surveillance technology especially RFID .
While not compromising the benefits it brings , the ethical and moral issues regarding surveillance technology far outweighs the benefits it bring .
They are visual , audio and data surveillance .
While it may have its advantages of being able to record down the scene of the location it is allocated , however the issue on privacy and effectiveness sets in .
CCTV is installed at homes and offices for employer to check on their employee namely the maids at home and the workers in the office .
This causes the employee to have low morale during work , and thus reduces work efficiency when the aim of the CCTV is otherwise .
This is also a human rights issue as it has invades a person privacy ( Bogonikolos , 1999 ) .
It can be used to track down humans , pets and equipments ( Getz , 2009 ) .
It has raises privacy issues as not everyone is willing to let others know of their whereabouts .
Therefore surveillance technology should be banned .
The individual requesting genetic testing should have the final say in whether to reveal the results of such testing .
With current technological advancements in genetics , there are many genetic tests available for the public , from testing for inheritance diseases and terminal illnesses .
The individual should be given the choice as , the emotional hurt from the media release of these results , the use of results against the individual .
Firstly , the emotional hurt from the world wide release of the individual 's genetic information can overwhelming .
With the outreach of the mass media , reports of genetic disorder of an individual could be known to the world in minutes .
However , many of these genetic disorders are unidentified late , inherited and incurable .
Nowadays , as the technology developing , individuals have more approach to such tests .
When they are informed by the potential risk of the mutation that could lead to a genetic disease that is also hereditary , they can undergo their own genetic test in order to determine the extent of the mutation risk as soon as possible .
If they are positive , they can undertake a further diagnostic procedure for whether any physical symptom developing .
Secondly , when the result of a particular genetic test is beneficial to the whole society , researchers have the very right to disclose such outcome .
As we know , scientists all over the world are working together to make people life better by studying the genome of human and other organisms .
Sometimes discovering an insignificant phenomenon or test results and anglicizing it can really make a breakthrough .
In contrary , the results should be shared among scientists and researchers for the whole world 's sake .
In conclusion , individuals who request genetic testing should not have final say in revealing the results or not for two major reasons : protecting their blood relatives from genetic disorders and helping the whole society for genetic researches .
Advances in technology have made surveillance technology so common nowadays .
Surveillance technology is the electronic equipment use to monitor the behavior and activities , usually of people without his permission .
Argument on the banning of the use of surveillance technology has been going on for years .
The use of surveillance technology should not be banned because it is useful in ensuring the public safety and monitoring workplace in a company .
Employees might seem to be surfing the web for business purposes at all time , but what they actually doing is personal business such as online banking , shopping and chatting .
The cameras have the function of identifying , detecting and recording vehicles ' number , suspect 's action and those illegal organizations ' movement .
These help the police to solve cases especially criminal and traffic cases in the shortest time .
However , monitoring can take place under suitable circumstances and to an appropriate extend .
However , this only applies to those minority spending most of the time online doing personal things and do not meet the company 's goals .
Using of surveillance technology has no impact for those focusing on work and doing the right thing ( Heathfield , n.d. , p.2 ) .
In conclusion , the used of surveillance technology should not be banned as it benefits a lot to us in public security and also business efficiency .
Development and advancement in the field of genetic research has challenged the scientists and the public on a wide range of issues especially issue relating ethical concerns .
Therefore , result of genetic testing should be revealed without the consent of the person who requested it .
Firstly , result of genetic testing should be fully disclosed as it enables third party to get treatment or prevention before the condition worsens ( Maxwell & Mehlman , 1999 ) .
The decision to reveal a genetic test result such as breast cancer would help early detection and treatment .
However , Science Daily ( 2008 ) notes that Genetic Information Nondiscrimination Act ( GINA ) has been approved to forbid insurance company from discriminating through reduced coverage or pricing and prohibits employer from making adverse employment decision in order to encourage more people to undergo genetic test which could save lives in the long run .
Under this circumstance , the final say of revealing the result should lie on the physician , who has a better understanding on the patient 's condition .
Although the general agreement seems that disclosure of testing result should not over the patient 's objection , this would be an exception if it is to protect third party to avoid other serious consequences ( Mehlman & Maxwell , 1999 ) .
In conclusion , result of genetic testing should be revealed without the consent of the person who requested it as this would not only enable third party to get early prevention or treatment but also help others to make life decisions .
Genetic testing is able to analyze whether a subject is confirm to develop or inherit a particular genetic disease .
But are they able to inform the family members to safeguard their personal health yet not breaching the issues of confidentiality and privacy ?
My stand is as long disclosure has no serious social/ethical consequences , the subject will have the final say .
In an increasing debate of genetic testing , there are three issues which have caused concerns in the society .
Firstly , the ethical aspect of privacy and confidentiality , need to be preserved .
If privacy and confidentiality is breached , family members and third parties ' interests may acquire test results of no welfare to the subject ( Mehlmanm , 1999 , The Privacy of Genetic Information , para .
Secondly , social aspects of genetic discrimination have made subject reconsider genetic testing ; using information against subject them ( Norrgard , 2008 , Genetic Testing and Privacy Concerns , para 1 ) .
Third parties like employers may sack their employees or insurers may reject an insurance application ; if they came to be aware of the results .
Genetic discrimination has place privacy and confidentiality in jeopardy , because subjects have no control over their genetic makeup .
Last but not least , family issues ; people have to change their life-style , reproductive decision , seek medical prevention or treatment .
According to an article ( Mehlmanm , 1999 , The Privacy of Genetic Information ) , using Alias testing , particular information can be remaining anonymous .
Anonymity allows subjects to have the final decision to reveal the test results to their family or even third parties ; greater assurance so privacy and confidentiality are not violated .
Regulatory framework such as Genetic Information Nondiscrimination Act has ensured genetic discrimination is legislated .
With imposing law , people feels safer to undergo genetic testing ; being the deciding factor to disclose their genetic results to family members or third party under their obligations .
Advances in technology and reduced costs in chip production have led to the proliferate use of surveillance technology such as Radio Frequency Identification ( RFID ) to track people .
While the use of this seemingly intrusive technology is shrouded by concerns over privacy , morality and health issues , its benefits ?
both current and latent ?
One pivoting reason to why RFID should not be banned includes its application to augment public and national security .
With proper regulation and use , RFID tagging may on the contrary to many arguments , ensue greater freedom and privacy given to the person implanted with RFID .
Genetic testing have however raised ethical concerns like whether the individual requesting genetic testing should have the final say in whether to reveal the results of such testing ( Chris and Bryn 2002 ) .
There are severe consequences if the results are not handled and communicate properly by third parties .
However , it is very likely that employers will use the results to discriminate employees based on unfounded perceptions of health risks and possible future disabilities ( Chris and Bryn 2002 ) ( Neil and Ronald 2006 ) .
Likewise , the insurance companies may make use of the results to charge a higher premium or not provide insurance because of possible chances of high medical bills in the future ( Chris and Bryn 2002 ) ( Neil and Ronald 2006 ) .
Doctors have to adhere to medical ethics , in which they required to respect the confidentiality of the patients ( Thirumoorthy 2009 ) .
Both the Hippocratic Oath and International Code of Ethics states that without the prior consent from the patient , doctor are not allowed to disclose any information which he has obtained ( Thirumoorthy 2009 ) .
There are also considerations like age and maturity level ( Gillian , Denise and Bartha 2009 ) .
In conclusion , the individual requesting genetic testing should have the final say in whether to reveal the results of genetic testing .
RFID is a chip that has a small antenna to transmit vast amount of information from a human 's body to a computer using a scanner ( Sade , 2007 , p. 1 ) .
When a patient goes to the hospital , his medical records which are already stored in a RFID tag can be immediately traced out using the RFID scanner .
In doing so , time could be greatly minimized and many more innocent lives will be saved .
Secondly , implanting RFID tags into ex-offenders facilitates the authorities in monitoring their activities .
This helps to save innocent lives and reduce crime rate in the country .
Technological advances have brought along pros and cons ever since it sets in to our daily lives .
Adding on , monitoring ex- criminals will not only forbid them from committing crimes again , but more importantly , allow the public to have a peace of mind employing them , subsequently making them feel accepted by the society .
Secondly , wasted time on retrieving essential information of patients during emergency could be put into treating the patients ( http : //www.verichipcorp.com ) .
Therefore , the RFID technology can better our healthcare system 's efficiency .
Expediting the cracking of criminal cases is another point to why surveillance technology should not be banned .
Tracking is defined to be locating the whereabouts of a person and the identification of personal information .
This is being supported by statistics done by correctional institutions that cases of violence decreased by 65 percent when the RFID system was introduced ( Casciato 2008 ) .
The storage of key medical records and information in a radio-transmitting chip will cut down time spent on registration and thus , allowing patients to receive prompt treatment .
In times of emergency when key information such as blood type and allergy could be retrieved at an instant by scanning the chip , the most appropriate treatment can be decided in the shortest possible time .
This can prove to be vital in saving a person 's live .
With the use of RFID to locate a victim , it will allow the authorities to capture the people behind such activities and provides a solution to the problem of human trafficking .
RFID has always been a double-edged sword , it may bring us some benefits , however it brought us even more disadvantages such as invasion of human 's privacy and abuse of technology .
Therefore , the use of surveillance technology on tracking people should be banned .
RFID can be easily exploited by third party .
RFID tags can be easily put on one 's clothing which information could be easily available to marketers , government agencies and criminals .
Therefore , all our information is at the trackers ' fingertip which may include all our particulars-name , gender , photograph etc. For e.g .
Bush administration announced that all passports in US will be embedded with RFID ( McCullagh & Broache , 2005 ) .
Although privacy issues are addressed by some security measures , it was criticized by computer engineers that their security levels are in poor condition .
Furthermore , technically speaking RFID would track everyone before detecting a minority group of terrorists ; hence efficiency of RFID is low .
However , the research in this field is still at infant stage .
Furthermore , some research has shown RFID computer chips may be linked to cancer based on animal studies .
In all , RFID should be banned as it not only invades our privacy and it may impose serious risk to our human body .
With the advanced Science and technologies , potential diseases become predictable nowadays .
For instance , a ten years-old child could undergo a genetic testing and predict the risk of getting Huntingdon 's disease in middle age .
Since the disclosure might bring negative effects to the individual 's family and induce discrimination in employment as well as the purchase of insurance , I would like to agree with the statement of having right to decide the revealing of genetic test result .
section , ¶ 3 ) .
This is obvious and could be imagined that when the individual discloses the information to his brother who is doing preparation for the A-level final examination , for example , the latter would be overwhelmed with stresses whereby affecting his performance during the examination .
Discrimination in employment and insurance is another reason why an individual should possess the right of disclosing genetic result .
Admittedly , employers and insurers would always make a decision that benefits their corporation .
As a result , once everyone is deprived of deciding to keep their information of genetic testing unknown , people who are tested positive would be discriminated .
Is n't this unjust for those who are tested positive ?
While some may argued that doctors should reveal the result as it may directly affect a third party , we should still look into the concerns individuals have , such as the loss of employment and insurance after the results are made known , their rights to privacy and medical confidentiality and family considerations .
Firstly , all individuals should have the rights to make decisions that will affect their future .
Some claim that the results of genetic testing belong to the privacy of the person , therefore whether to reveal them should depend on the individual himself .
Thus , the individual requesting genetic testing should not have the final say in whether to reveal the results of such thing .
There are two consequences that the individual should not have the final say on whether to reveal the results .
Firstly , it leads to a difficult situation for the experts to explore and apply further study on genetic research .
As genetic results are precious resources for gene technology development , decision only can be made by the person puts genetic researchers into an awkward position for they can not use the information without his or her consent .
( Klein , 2008 , p. 6 ) Moreover , scientific research showed that majority public surveillance camera reduces crime merely to a slight degree which failed to overweigh annual equivalent cost .
In fact , large amount of government grants on surveillance technology implementation can be alternatively invested on issues of greater importance namely eradication of poverty , famine and diseases control .
This is a very good evidence to show that the surveillance technology is becoming more and more widespread in current society , especially in our daily healthcare apartments .
Usually these procedures require the patients to suffer quite a lot and need many efforts from the attendants .
By planting this device into their body , we can detect where they are in case some urgent diseases break out .
It was reported that during the September 11 terrorist attacks , fire fighters wrote their names on their arms for fear that they would be unidentified by their family members if they are disfigured .
Nonetheless , it is more persuasive to believe that surveillance technology helps in tracking of properties and improvements in medical care .
Thus , the RFID technology starts to materialize and propagates in public which causes commotions pertaining to privacy and ethical issues aroused from the usage of such technology .
Albeit the risk of privacy invasion , RFID tags are potential devices which do benefits a lot to humans if executed under strict regulations .
But with RFID tags , their children can remain safe and sound by lowering the case of being injured or lost as the devices can detect straightaway if such situations happen .
The tagging system is also a measure to deter the problems of having Alzheimer patients lost wandering at other places or patients collapsing outside of hospital area .
Hence , with such surveillance technology , the risk of patients getting injured while getting lost outside can be reduced to a minimal percentage .
Nonetheless , the generalization of certain simple surveillance technologies causes their existence to be found everywhere .
Since most couples in this competitive era have their own business or enterprise , home surveillance is then installed in order to guard their residence .
In conclusion , the effects of surveillance technology surrounding us are based on both major and minor premises , which are privacy and right of freedom of individuals , as well as the psychological condition .
In conclusion , the use of surveillance technology would be constructive to many aspects of our daily life as the benefits far outweigh the societal concerns .
For decades , people has been debating whether the use of surveillance technology should be banned , they argued that the used of surveillance technology is invading individual 's privacy .
( Stanley & Steinhardt , jan2003 , Preface , para.3 ) However , imagine what would happen if we shut down all the surveillance technology in the country , banks will be robbed , houses will be broken into and the country will be in a chaotic state .
The purpose of using surveillance technology is to maintain social stability and to protect us and our assets , hence , Surveillance technology should not be banned .
In the 20th centaury , the best weapon against terrorism is no longer bullets and bomb , the focus is to prevent criminal activities before it happens , hence , information is the key .
Patient with this disease can be easily disoriented , hence , causing them to lose their way .
( Wong , Jun10 2009 ) The use of surveillance technology can help the patient 's family members to locate them and bring them home safely .
Although the use of surveillance technology will raised ethical concerns , to obtain important information that might save thousands of lives , there is no choice but to do it .
By tracking a suspect whereabouts or eavesdropping his or hers conversation , we might be invading his or hers privacy , however , if we can prevent another September 11 incident from re- occurring , I believe everyone would agree to it .
In conclusion , we can impose law and limit the use of surveillance technology but we can not ban it .
In light of this ubiquitous and accessible availability of genetic testing , many have started to question the problems that are associated to the results .
The question now is whether an individual should decide whether to release the results to others or the results to be revealed regardless of his approval .
There are evidences that the latter proved more beneficial to both the patient and others around him .
Patients with positive test results will be susceptible to physical and emotional stress and thus will need support from his loved ones .
Genetic testing is the examination of the fundamental human genetic information , so as to access an individual 's risk of contracting diseases .
From the employers ' point of view , these individuals would likely take medical leaves often to consult treatments , and could be lower in productivity .
Technological advances have eased the carry out of surveillance activities .
However the same technology can also be used to track people and intrude private information .
Firstly it is said that it actually enables identity thieves , stalkers and other criminals to commit " contactless " crimes against victims who wo n't immediately know they 've been violated ( Consumer Watchdog , 2009 ) .
Nowadays electronic information from consumers is " collected , compiled and sold " ( Consumer Watchdog , 2009 ) without reasonable safeguards and therefore poses a threat to the exposure of private matters of consumers that may lead to abuse of such information for certain benefits or intentions .
In conclusion , surveillance technology should be banned as it not only intrudes privacy but also pose a risk to personal security .
While surveillance has been a part of society since the widespread Cabinet Noir splinter ( Encyclopedia Britannica , 1911 ) of the postal organisation during Louis XIII reign , only recent development in technology has made it possible for the intrusion into the private lives of individuals on such a grandiose scale specifically with regards to the wide scale tracking of movement .
The application of tracking technology has spurned heated debates from both public and private sectors .
Behavioural advertising on the other hand has invaded the individual 's right to safeguard their personal information and browsing habits .
The web users whom have been targeted by the advertorial companies have lost all meaningful control ( Report on Consumer Watchdog ; Consumer and Privacy Groups Urge Congress to Enact Consumer Privacy Guarantees , 2009 ) over the use of their personal data which is often shared with third parties for financial gain oblivious to the victim 's lack of consent .
Surveillance technology even when well intentioned has been proven to have too many potential pitfalls to be ignored .
Genetic tests are laboratory techniques used to determine whether a person has or probability of getting a genetic disorder .
Individuals should maintain their rights in whether to reveal the results of such testing is so that they can protect themselves from genetic discrimination .
Thus , to protect themselves from genetic discrimination , individuals should maintain their rights in having the final say whether to reveal results of genetic testing .
Because of the potential discriminations that individuals could face due to their results of genetic testing , many chose not to take the test .
Even with the improvement of the technologies related to genetic diseases , these individuals are denied of the opportunities to prevent , or even treat the genetic disease that could be present .
If the results of genetic testing are to be forcefully revealed , less people will be willing to even go for the test .
In conclusion , there are consequences the individuals have to consider whether to reveal their result of genetic test .
One of the advancement in technology would be surveillance technology .
The concerns for safety and security have increased the number of use of the surveillance systems .
Despite the proper usage of surveillance technology , there is a widespread abuse of the technology by some criminal organization .
Surveillance technology has been used as a tool for illegitimate activities which in turn threatens publics ' safety and security .
Additionally , it has been concluded that the use of RFID has no benefit on the achievement or national security , but it resulted in an increment in risk of personal privacy and security ( Lewan , 2009 ) .
Hence , the use of RFID should be disregarded .
The misuse of surveillance technology not only invades user 's privacy but also increases the risk of personal and national security .
Genetic testing allows early detection of diseases which may be useful to mankind .
First , we will discuss on the relationship between employees and their employer 's organisation .
There is tension between employees and employer regarding genetic testing .
If genetic testing indicates susceptibility for diseases of an employee , there is chance that the employer will sack the employee .
This is supported by the fact that most people with disabilities or diseases are discriminated .
Opponents of this position may argue that such results should be revealed to protect employer from an employee vulnerable to illness .
However , the primary aim of employment should be work performance and efficiency , rather than on genetic testing .
Hence , individual should have the final say to protect them from environment that may harm them .
Critics of this position claim that insurer will also be at a disadvantage if such results are not revealed to them .
Genetic testing is a test performed to allow genetic diagnose of inherited diseases .
Not only so , genetic testing ( fingerprinting ) are also used to determine the child paternity .
[ 1 ] Genetic testing does have many pros in today society .
In the society today , many had debated that do we really have the right to have the final say whether to reveal the results of the testing as many will think that it will lead to many ethnic and social issues .
Or is it that it is a must to reveal it due to reality and we , individual do not have the final say to reveal our testing to the public .
In my own opinion , in the high technology society we are living in , we do not have the final say in revealing of our genetic results to the public .
Companies do have the right to know the genetic testing results of an individual who are applying for the job offer by them .
For example , if one contain inherited genetic disease like muscle dystrophy , it will be dangerous for them to work in the construction site .
Accident might occur and it may also result in death .
Although many has debated that this is discrimination as companies may not employ those who has inherited disease , but companies do have the right to choose employer with concern to their profits and the safety of others .
Individual that may inherit genetically disease should choose job that are beyond their reach .
Spouse of a couple do have the right to know the family disease of their partner .
If a couple is planning to have a child , it is best for them to go through genetic counseling if the parents are carrier of genetic disease [ 2 ] .
It will be unfair if the spouse kept the truth from their spouse .
It is a must to say it out and thus individual do not have the final say in revealing of their genetic results to the third parties
Education sector do have the right to know the genetic testing of their student .
Those with genetic diseases like mental retardation and Down syndrome are asked to be enrolled in school like MINDS and bright sparks .
Some may debate that this is a form of discrimination and violate the human rights of these children .
However , according to the American Association for mental retardation AAMR [ 3 ] , revealing of genetic testing results is not a form of discrimination but it is to be fair to those children with these genetic diseases as the child will be enrolled into the school that provide a better environment for them to study in .
Hence individual do not have the final say in revealing of their genetic results to the public .
All in all , in my own opinion , in the high technology society we are living in , we do not have the final say in revealing of our genetic results to the public .
It may not be disadvantage and can even benefits a lot of people based on the point mentioned above .
Thus individual requesting for genetic testing do not have the final say in whether to reveal the results of these testing .
However , due to the improper exploit of it , surveillance technology has become more of detrimental than beneficial .
Intrusion of privacy and upsetting the various balances in society are concerns people are increasingly worried about .
( Easton , 2006 ) Identity theft is fragrant and many more will suffer from financial losses .
Then , as RFID technology becomes increasingly popular with the retailers , privacy of consumers is again compromised .
Furthermore , surveillance technology has created many deviants and upsets in the balance of our society .
With regards to RFID , usage mention earlier on will reduce the variety of products available in stores because retailers will only consider the better selling items .
Therefore , with all the worrisome disadvantages of surveillance technology will bring , we ought to ban it .
It makes privacy lose its meaning and is unhealthy to our society .
With the revelation of human 's DNA structure by Watson and Crick during 1953 , it shows that there will be a totally new science and engineering related subject being brought to the world , which is genetic engineering .
By utilizing the sophisticated technology tools , together with the perseverance of researchers , many genetic related approaches have been made possible .
One of the noted breakthrough is genetic testing .
However , the advent of genetic testing does not bring unanimous consents from the public .
There are uproars regarding the moral and ethical issues which overwhelm the topic of genetic testing from time to time .
Some think that the individual requesting genetic testing should have the final say in revelation of the results .
Therefore , the siblings must know it so that treatment could be done as soon as possible .
General practitioner , who is the one consulting them and also experienced in handling this kind of case , definitely has the final say to make a more rational decision for them .
After that , parents who request genetic testing for their children must provide the genetic information of their child to school authorities for the enrollment .
In fact , there is one of the federal legislation that has been applied to genetics nondiscrimination which is Genetic Information Nondiscrimination Act of 2008 ( GINA ) .
Inversely , individuals are responsible to inform employers about their genetic conditions so that a better and safer working environment could be provided .
Indeed , research team should have a direct access to the genetic results so that the further genetic sequence on DNA could be unmasked in a faster pace .
Ultimately , individual requesting genetic testing should not have the final say in revelation of their results .
This is because individual oneself is less capable of making a suitable decision .
Hence , by having a must to reveal the genetic results , rational decisions will often be made in benefiting the individual as a group discussion always comes up with fruitful conclusion .
Unfortunately , there is pro and con among the public about the disclosure of the result of genetic testing , whether it should be revealed or not .
Then , who will be the one who holds the right to do it ?
On one side , some people think that the individual who requests it has the final say for the revelation .
On the other hand , others reason that the genetic inheritance is something that is quite crucial , thus it should be discussed with the family first before reaching the final decision .Therefore , the final say does not only depend on one person but also his relatives .
First , by doing genetic testing , people may be able to discover about their genetic disease early .
For instance , a man , who actually has Huntington 's disease and one day he takes the genetic testing , will then find out the truth about his condition .
( American Society of Clinical Oncology , 2006 ) Due to the broader effects that may present , people should discuss with their family first before deciding on something .
Second , some people argue that genetic testing is a privacy and sensitive problem .
Therefore , it is understandable that he should have the final say to reveal the result or hold it ( Wertz , 2001 ) .
However , in the reality , the result of genetic testing is so important and could give impact to all his family as it may comprise information about hereditary disease .
In conclusion , the result of genetic testing that informs us about our hereditary disease , will not only affect us as individual but also our family .
Therefore , the final say should not be in individual but the whole family .
Its general purpose is to check if one has potential to develop certain genetic diseases .
This has however , brought about many debates on some ethical issues in the society .
Some argued that individuals who request the genetic testing should have the final say about revealing their test result so as to preserve individual 's rights .
However , by doing so will have a great negative impact on the society .
Making revealing genetic testing compulsory by employers can benefit the workers .
However , one must be reminded that there are many occupations that required the employees to work in a hazardous environment today and their welfare can be assured by revealing their genetic results .
For example , people with the thalassemia gene will be in health risk if exposed to lead ( The Markkula Center for Applied Ethics ) .
By revealing genetic test result to companies , employers can determine if the job applicant is suitable for the job and assign them to environment that will not have any exposure to lead .
On the other hand , it will be disastrous if a soldier who has genetic traits of Dissociative identity disorder ( DID ) were to be deployed in the field .
Furthermore , the incident of crash of FedEx plane Florida , USA due to colour-blind of the pilot , can be prevented if he were to undergo genetic testing and reveal to the company beforehand .
Thus , the individuals should not have the final say about revealing their genetic test results .
Giving insurance companies the final say about revealing genetic test results can be proved to be beneficial than one might think .
Many will think that insurance companies used the test results as the excuse to deny them from claiming or even buying certain medical policies .
These are just myths as even proponents of federal legislation that would outlaw the acts .
) However , insurance companies have the rights to judge if the declarations of the clients are truthful by comparing it with the test results .
Moreover , many insurance companies used the test result to encourage the clients to buy certain policies that can maximize their benefits .
By revealing the results will benefit the collective instead .
After September 11 , 2001 , surveillance became important as it become one of the tools to prevent terrorism .
This then bought about the debates on whether surveillance technology should be banned or not as it indeed provides security , but it also invades our privacy and disturbs the society .
In my view , surveillance technology should be banned as the disadvantages clearly outweigh the advantage .
Surveillance technology could be used to track people movement , lifestyle and habits unknowingly ( Hariton , Lawford and Palihapitiya , 2006 ) .
Furthermore , these information is not only available the owner of surveillance technology , it is might be also available to affiliated people or people who bought the information ( Easton , 2006 ) .
Hence our privacy is being invaded as our very personal information is being known by a lot of people .
The economy gap between the rich and the poor will be wider ( Monahan , 2006 ) as the rich is able to purchase information and use it to their benefit , make more money , but the poor can not .
Opposition might argue that surveillance technology should not be banned as it provides security .
With surveillance technology , terrorists could be more easily identify and it also prevents people from committing crime as they know they are being watched ( Easton , 2006 ) .
In fact , it might bring additional work to the security force as they now have to take care of minor issue capture by the surveillance technology ( Monahan , 2006 ) and cause them to overlook the real threat to our security .
In conclusion , surveillance technology should be banned as it invade our privacy and disturb the society which outweighs the ability to provide security , which might not be necessary true .
The past two decades brought about huge technological advances in the areas of nano-engineering and information systems .
With the help modern technology , humans are able to create increasingly efficient devices which are able to store relevant personal information or to trace one 's location .
The use of sophisticated personnel tracking devices has long been an ethical quagmire , as people with extremely polarizing views debate if such surveillance technology can be used or allowed to track people .
This allows discovery of new evidences through observation of the suspects , to prove if one is innocent or guilty .
This argument is flawed , as there is no concrete evidence showing existence of such crimes .
The argument also blatantly ignored the fact that there are additional measures being taken into preventing such crimes .
Opponents also claim that government will be able to use such devices to monitor , instil fear , and ultimately control the users ( Lewan , 2009 ) .
In conclusion , tracking devices should be allowed in tracking people , as it is able to change human lives for the better , and even prevent or reduce crime rates .
A controversy between the benefits of the surveillance technology and the impacts of the surveillance technology has aroused .
In fact , the use of it has brought along significant benefits and therefore it should not be banned .
There are two main benefits that the use of surveillance technology has brought to .
This system really benefits the Alzheimer 's patient who often lost due to their degrading memories .
GPS tracking device helps in the investigation of crimes .
Terrorists are under the tracking of the system as when they were trace , immediate actions will be taken by the authorities .
This technology prevents the actions of the terrorists to make up a safer world .
It benefits not only an individual but the whole world .
Law enforcement agencies are able to identify terrorists and put a stop to their plan .
Recent happenings show that a number of terrorist plots are ceased thanks to surveillance technology ( Michael & Rose , 2007 , p. 8 ) .
It consequently helps preventing major catastrophes which involve loss of human lives ( Michael & Rose , 2007 , p.8 ) .
Besides that , surveillance technology also enables tracking of criminals who are on run or even kidnappers .
Critics argue that such surveillance technology is able to track an individual 24/7 , thus there is a compromise of one 's privacy ( Michael & Rose , 2007 , p. 2 ) .
However , the unfounded argument is not adequate to outlaw the use of human tracking technology .
Jacques Ellul noted that " To be sure of apprehending criminals , it is necessary that everyone be supervised " ( Lyon , as cited in Michael & Rose , 2007 , p. 20 ) .
In conclusion , the use of surveillance technology to track people should not be banned as it helps preventing terrorism and crimes .
Consequently , a verdict should be reached between privacy advocates and law enforcement agencies as innocent citizens have the rights to live in secured environment without facing erosion of their human rights and privacy .
For instance , genetic information that falls into the hands of insurers and employers without consent will be used to prejudice against the tested individual .
This misunderstanding not only creates unnecessary psychological , economic as well as social burdens on the carrier of a known genetic risk , family ties will also be affected .
A couple with a positively tested disease has to sacrifice their dream of having children as they do not wish to pass on their defective genes to their offspring .
As such , the couple suffers in silence , having to face social stigma and having their dreams of building their family shattered .
Moreover , the in-laws , usually the more traditional type , may be dissatisfied with the daughter-in-law not being able to produce a 'perfect ' offspring , or produce any offspring at all , to sustain the future generation of a family .
In conclusion , the patient of genetic testing should have the final say in whether to reveal the results of such testing .
Until proper steps such as enactment and reinforcement of laws are taken by the governments , genetic information of individuals should be kept private and confidential to avoid exploitation by unscrupulous parties and also to avoid disintegration of family relations .
Genetic testing include special techniques to examine the information carried by DNA which held in the sequence of pieces of DNA called genes .
An individual can prevent some diseases or get the solution after get the results of genetic testing .
However , if the result of the test can be easily access by third party , a lot of problems will be occurred .
Therefore , the patient should have the right to decide whether to reveal the result of genetic tests .
The privacy and confidentiality of a person will be affected in revealing undesirable genetic testing results .
Misconstruing the results of genetic testing will affect with an individual 's self identity and sense of self-worth .
Besides , the individuals will be having embarrassment of their potential weakness if they get undesirable genetic testing results .
They will have no confidence while socializing with other people and this is due to their low self-esteem after getting the result and hence underestimate their own ability in certain field .
This issue will strongly affect the relationship between employees and their employer organizations .
Generally , all of these genetic results will be revealed to the employer and if the employer knows some of the employees that are prone to certain diseases , it is likely that the employee will be fired .
As it is people with disabilities are often discriminated against .
These people have to look for other alternative to earn a living .
Hence , results should not be revealed to protect employees from environment that might harm them .
Another difficulty involves disclosure of genetic information to insurance companies .
In conclusion , genetic testing results are a matter that should be kept private for the benefits of the patient and should only be released on an absolute need to know basis .
Genetics plays the role in every disease .
Genetic testing informs individuals and family of their genetic status ; this knowledge may enable them to take adaptive measures against a genetic disease ( Jacobs , & Deatrick , 1999 ) , if disease is treatable .
However , as technology advances , exploitation of genetic testing increases resulting in the breach of human rights to privacy .
Removing individual 's control over the results will in turn lead to freely accessible genetic information , causing social issues and family dilemma .
Sharing of personal genetic result is akin to being exposed .
It is undeniable that one is morally obligated to inform the relatives of the genetic test results .
However , one has the rights to confidentiality and to decide what information to reveal and how to disclose it .
Moreover , relatives , being the recipients of the bad news should have their choice whether to remain ignorant or not .
Therefore , one has the rights to their genetic privacy .
Secondly , being able to access one 's genetic information will reveal the list of diseases one is susceptible to , and the one who possesses the information may have ulterior interest .
For example , potential employers may want their interviewees screened to carry the ideal genes for the job ; insurance companies may deny or increase their premium for carriers of certain genetic disorder ( Bereano , 2000 ) .
However , one would not be able to judge their preparedness for such information .
It may not only cause unnecessary distress and anxiety to relatives , but will also unravel family secrets ; namely adoptions and parentage ( Doukas , & Berg , 2001 ) .
Thus , it is still up to the discretion of individual to go for genetic testing if they are at high risk .
Therefore , individuals whom requested for genetic testing should have the final say in whether to reveal the results of such testing .
Genetic testing has made it possible to identify individuals who are at risk of having a disease , and to test the probability of passing on a disease to their offspring .
Since these results will affect not only the individual , but also his family , offspring , the future generations and even the society .
Research has shown that individuals tend to keep risk information to themselves ( Forrest , 2000 ) , but disease could be due to hereditary genes , individual 's family , offspring , and offspring of the family members might also inherit the disease .
If individuals do not have the final say , their family members will know their condition , and they can be more sensitive to the individual 's feelings , giving them better support and encouragement .
It will also benefit the individual as government will be able to come up with anti-discrimination acts to protect their rights , educate the public so as to minimize genetic discrimination , and build infrastructures and prepare the medical team to provide them with proper care .
People need to collect intelligence about the situation before it can act against it ; this has led to the increasing employment of surveillance technology .
However , since surveillance technology can help to identify problems , a solution or preventive measure can be formulated to prevent these problems from occurring , leading to the protection of people 's health and the country 's socio-economic stability .
Hence , such use of surveillance technology to track people should not be banned .
Firstly , the use of biometric surveillance in the form of a biometric passport will make it more difficult for terrorists to travel in and out of countries , due to increasing passport security and border surveillance .
Consequently , not being able to track terrorist movements could allow terrorists to enter a country and possibly carry out a terrorist attack ; it also makes it easier for them to escape .
Another advantage of using surveillance technology is during disease outbreaks such as the Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome ( SARS ) outbreak in 2002 .
Contact tracing and quarantine procedures would normally take two days with the previous method ; it was also more taxing on manpower .
Some people would disagree with the use of surveillance technology as it is an intrusion to their privacy and for fear that personal information could be stolen and used against their interests .
However , citizens should understand that surveillance technology was developed as a tool to help society , but it is the exploitation of people with criminal intent , or more often , when used without careful consideration that makes surveillance technology harmful ( Sim , 2006 ) .
This has brought about a wild debate on the banning of the use of surveillance technology to track person .
Next , those who were under home quarantined during the SARS period were instructed to install a camera in their isolation zone to make sure they are always visible and contactable to prevent further spread of the disease .
Also , the use of infrared fever sensing system in Changi airport and along borders allows mass surveillance of body temperature , which can detect and isolate feverish passengers .
Through the use of the permission-based location tracking service , which is provided by our local telecommunication provider , SingTel , the location of our loved ones can be detected readily by this new surveillance technology .
This is very useful towards families with young juveniles and aging parents because their location could be tracked easily if they are lost in the crowd and thus preventing them from any possible harm they may encounter .
While some suggest that revealing of genetic results could benefit family members as they could seek appropriate medical treatment if tested positive .
( Jacobs & Deatrick 1999 ) However , negative implications such as violation of privacy , long- termed psychological and sociological effects inflicted on the individual outweigh the benefits therefore individual should have the final say in whether to reveal their genetic results or not .
Firstly , an individual should not be robbed of their basic right to privacy .
Although , it can not be denied that it is ethical to inform family members about their risk of hereditary disease however one do not have any obligation to reveal their genetic status since this information could be exploited and misused by others , threatening their welfare .
Thus , they should have the right to decide either to disclose their genetic information or not and also to what extent do they want to publicize it .
Secondly , revelation of one 's genetic status subjects the individual to many social issues related to genetic discrimination .
( Bereano , 2000 ) For instance , insurance companies would reduce healthcare coverage , increase health premiums or terminate the health insurance policies in individuals with potential genetic risk .
( Bereano , 2000 ) Furthermore , discrimination imposed by employers and colleagues could influence an individual 's self- esteem and psychological well-being .
Lastly , family dilemma could arise due to the tension caused by the unfavorable psychological influences of genetic testing .
Since every individual have a different level of acceptance , disclosure of genetic results could cause them to experience unnecessary emotional distress .
In conclusion , individuals should have the privacy to determine whether to reveal their genetic results or not since it not only inflicts emotional distress on their family but also subjects them social discrimination .
Since the advantages of surveillance technology far outweigh the disadvantages , it should not be banned .
Private surveillance of individuals restricts their movements and helps to prevent the widespread of a pandemic in the country , especially during the SARS crisis back in 2003 .
( Defence Science and Technology , 2003 ) .
Probationers are also tagged to for better control on their whereabouts .
Furthermore , loved ones can also be tracked , with Singtel 's Location Tracking Service ( Daily Singapore News , 2008 ) .
DBS Bank has in place security surveillance systems that regularly " monitor and detect any potential form of illegitimate activities " ( DBS Singapore , 2007 ) .
As the genetic testing is making rapid progress on providing information on the hidden DNAs which might cause diseases , the techniques have also aroused a large amount of heated debates on the ethical and moral issues surrounding the control of final say of the testing .
First of all , individual has the right to determine whether or not it is necessary to make the genetic testing results public .
Although it can not be denied that the other family members to some extent also have the right to know whether they share the same suspected genes as the tested , they can choose to test their genes by themselves , rather depending on other people 's testing result .
If one 's privacy can not be protected so that the result might be made use of on any purpose , the human rights are endangered and hence this decision should be made on the individual requesting the genetic testing .
For instance , the insurance companies can require the testing result before signing for a contact with a client who may have potential carriers of diseases .
Despite taking the risks of catching a disease , the client should as well own the right to buy the insurance .
Thus the individual should have the right to decide whether to reveal the result or not , considering his own benefits .
To conclude , the one who request genetic testing should have the final right to determine whether this result should be made public or not .
Over the years , advances in science and technology had empowered surveillance technology by introducing many forms and magnifying the scope of surveillance .
Privacy is the fundamental human right and we have the right to lead our life without public surveillance .
In Britain , there are 4.2 million CCTV cameras on the streets , about one for every 14 citizens ( BBC news , 2006 ) .
Mass surveillance has infringed our right to lead a personal life as our every actions and behaviours are being watched and tracked .
This result is alarming as it suggests of the possibility of a similar effect in humans ( Foster & Jaeger , 2008 ) .
This monitoring of other people 's behaviour , activities , or information has brought about many debates on ethical issue , security issues as well as individual 's health issue .
Though some suggest that surveillance technology benefits us but the negative implications outweigh the benefits .
This is because surveillance technology such as closed-circuit television ( CCTV ) allows other to watch and track our daily activities .
We have lost our rights in leading a personal life and have to live in a constant fear that our every movement is being monitored .
Therefore , surveillance technology should be banned as it may do more harms than benefits .
In conclusion , surveillance technology should be banned as it not only ethically wrong but also poses threat to our security and health instead of protecting us .
Genetic testing has been the forefront science research area in this 21st century .
Individual should not have the final say in revealing his genetic testing result .
" It is widely recognised that one of their roles is to inform patients ( consultands ) that relatives may be at risk and patients are encouraged to discuss this risk with their relatives " ( Forrest , 2000 ) .
Such as early detection of cancer will not only keep it under control but also keep their loved ones safe .
Educate the public to change their mindsets towards genetic discrimination .
Joly , Knoppers , and Godard ( 2003 ) found that with government over-sight , it ensured dependability for the system by the masses .
It helps to have a good cry and talk things through " ( IMH , 2009 ) .
In conclusion , individuals should not have the final say in revealing their genetic test results for the benefits of the people around them .
With revealing of the results , trust can be generated and relationship between them and their loved ones will become closer .
While some suggest that the use of this technology brings benefits to both country and the world , it in fact not only affects the country 's safety but also the citizens ' privacy in the country .
Thus , due to negative implications that outweigh the benefits of using surveillance technology , it should be banned .
Firstly , surveillance technology dehumanize citizens ' basic right to privacy .
This resulted in the loss of personal space and constantly live in fear as they tend to be very cautious in their every movements .
US citizens involves in the process have to be very careful with their daily lifestyle .
Another example of an article , in Britain , there are 4.2 million CCTV cameras on the streets , about one for every 14 citizens .
( BBC news,2006 ) .
This is ethically wrong as , in general , humans has their basic right to privacy .
Too much intruding of privacy could also lead to the psychological factors of one 's mental status .
Secondly , it lowers the level of security of a country when terrorists are able to hacked into their system and take control of the country 's well-being .
It is also been used as a safety to watch over one 's power grid just like what US is doing now .
" ( Telegraph.co.uk , 2009 ) .
This impose a high risk to the US in a time of war or even crisis due to the disruption of network by these cyberspies .
Radio Frequency Identification , RFID ) into a dementia people , it ease the hospital authority to locate their patients ' whereabouts .
However , there is often a health issue that involves in this implantation which causes complications to patients ' health. .
In late 2007 , an anti-chip activist has raised that for more than one decade it has been known that implanted RFID tags are associated with tumors in rodents , mostly sarcomas ( Blanchard et al .
This causes a controversy about possible carcinogenic effects ; a substance or agent that tends to produce cancer ( Dictionary.com ) , that may occur in the implantation of chips on humans .
Thus , this affect patient by adding a new disease to them when they are already ill .
Surveillance dated back all the way from ancient times .
As the world advances so has technology , surveillance nowadays cover a wide spectrum of life from the wellbeing of a child left alone in the room to national security to prevent events such as terrorism and political instability .
Due to the board spectrum of various surveillances technology available I would address only a few that is of interest namely national security and disaster security .
National security as the name implies means security measures taken by the various governments to ensure that his country is a safe place for its citizens .
Some of the devices that have been set up and used are for example biometric passport .
This helps in preventing terrorism as appropriate measures can be taken to stop terrorist from entering the country .
In 2001 , the capture of terrorist members prevented a bomb explosion to Yishun train station in Singapore .
This however do not mean that the system of surveillance should be banned but rather this is where flaws of the systems are examined to come up with a more fool-proof system where such terrorist can not make use of the loop holes of the system to escape .
Pandemics and epidemics have been prevalent since the ancient time like in the 18th century where small pox causing massive death .
Today with the recent spread of SARS , H1N5 ( bird flu ) and the latest H1N1 ( swine flu ) , having surveillance technology help us to better battle these disasters .
In 2003 when SARS spread causing thousands of death all across the world , the temperature radiation surveillance technology was invented to help identity those possible infected people from those who are not , and to separate those who are likely to be infected from the healthy population .
Other than that home tracking devices are implemented especially for those who are quarantined for the 10 days duration to ensure that they do not break the rules and venture out of their homes into the community .
Critics of tracking devices have lobbied for tracking devices to be banned as they have to been said an invasion of privacy .
However in this case tracking device although invasive to a person 's privacy served a good cause to ensure the safety of the general population .
When the results of the test is given to the individual , the question of whether the results should be revealed or not arises .
The individual is unlikely to reveal their results to their family , potential and current employers , insurance companies for fear of discrimination from them ( Centre for Genetics Education , June 2007 ) .
However , by doing so , he is actually putting his family at risk as they will not know whether they too carry the defective gene which would put them at a higher risk of developing the disease associated with the gene ( Centre for Genetics Education ) .
In such cases , the physician would have the right to reveal the results to the family of the individual , especially if the test results indicate that the defective gene is present , there is the possibility that others in the family has the gene as well .
The physicians also have their medical code of conduct that states information about the patient is confidential unless it poses threat to others ( American Journal of Obstetrics , May 2008 ) .
Due to family members having similarities in genetic background , individuals may feel the need to disclose their results .
For example , employers may prefer to employ individuals who are not predisposed to genetic diseases ( Greely 2005 ) .
Health insurance companies may also avoid clients with genetic disorders ( Greely 2005 ) .
Thus , the discriminatory treatment an individual may be subjected to makes it essential that their consent be obtained in advanced .
It may be argued that the legalization of the Genetic Information Nondiscrimination Act ( GINA ) may solve the problem of discrimination ( Kaiser Family Foundation 2008 ) .
However , limitations in this policy may still subject individuals to discrimination due to the exclusion of those applying for life insurance , disability insurance or military benefits ( Keim 2008 ) .
" ( Narine 1993 , p.44 ) By releasing the results without an individual 's consent will subject the individual to a violation of his human rights .
As a type of surveillance technology , RFID ( Radio Frequency Identification ) is drawing increasing attention and has caused many conflicts on the privacy , security and health issues .
Advocators suggest that using RFID to conduct social control and suspects tracking could benefit whole society .
On the contrary , it not only leads to invasion of privacy and identity theft but also risks health .
Using RFID to track people arises many issues .
It is hard to guarantee that every racking is innocent and conducted in proper ways and .
Secondly , because a RFID embedded card is easily to be skimmed and cloned , to some extent , it is a loophole for identity theft .
Using the cloned card , anyone could pass into a restricted area through the secure and locked entrance ( Jones 2008 ) .
Hence , using RFID equipped card to track and control entrance is not secure and effective at all .
According to these , there is no way to sacrifice people 's health to conduct tracking for any purpose .
However , RFID advocators may declare some arguments for the purpose of alleviating the fear of privacy invasion .
Furthermore , the individual have his own right to decide on whether the result could be disclosed or not .
Firstly , the person would face discrimination by society if the results are declared openly without his consensus .
The person would be unable to purchase insurance since they would cost the insurance company more money than the company had bargained for ( Henry T. Greely , J.D , 2005 , September 1 ) Moreover , employers would not want to hire them as the employee 's health problem would have an undesirable effect on the company 's productivity , such as , costing the company more money on the employees ' frequent sick leaves and medical reimbursements ( Henry T. Greely , J.D , 2005 , September 1 ) .
Secondly , critics on the other end of the table may argue that there is the Genetic Information Non-discrimination Act ( GINA ) in the US that was passed down by the former US president , Mr. Bush on 21 May 2008 which states that 'the genetic carriers would be protect against discrimination when it comes to work and health insurance ' ( Kaiser Family Foundation , 2008 ) .
Tera Eerkes , founder of personal genetic testing company { Qtrait } [ HYPERLINK : http : //www.qtrait.com/ ] states that 'this measure does not prevent genetic discrimination against people when they are applying for life insurance , or long term care and disability insurance' .
2008 , January 30 ) .
If an individual is denied of his right to decide on the disclosure of his test result , probably no one will dare to go for testing since they know that they do not possess the right to decide whether the result stays secret .
This will result in dire consequences for example ; there will not be proper family planning since genetic disorder is not taken into consideration , which might results in continued breeding of undesirable genetic traits off-springs .
In conclusion , the person who went for genetic testing should have the final say on whether to reveal the genetic testing result so that he will not be discriminated against or even denied of his basic human rights and causes problems
Recently , Radio Frequency Identification technology , also known as " RFID " is a hot topic for discussion .
In the past , it is used to track equipments and data and this does not create much controversy in the issue of privacy .
However , as technology improves , RFID is more frequently used to track people .
In life and death situation , doctors that are in the vicinity of the operation theatre can be called for help instantly , hence saving time .
Finally , there has been greater concern about RFID not only tracking the data of the patient , but also the patient 's actual whereabouts .
Supporters claim that surveillance technology can increase efficiency and effectiveness in tracking criminals and potential terrorists hence decrease crime rates and in tracking runaway or Alzheimer patients in hospitals to provide better care for every patient ( Jean , 2007 ) .
In fact , it causes more security and health threats thus using it to track people should be banned to ensure their safety .
If one had their pocket picked , he would know and can take measures to prevent .
It is against the law to steal other 's identification card but not the information by " skimming " ( Jones , 2008 ) .
The rapid advances in medical technology present genetic testing that uses to identify specific genes responsible for a significant disease in an individual ( Centre for Genetic Education , n.d. ) .
The perception of whether an individual should have the final say to reveal the results of genetic tests has lead to ethical dilemma in the society and individuals , especially in family-relationship .
Since , the advantages of revealing the results of genetic tests outweigh in most situations , therefore , an individual should not have the absolute authority to reveal their test results .
There are two main benefits of not having the absolute authority on revealing the results of genetic tests .
It also provides understanding of specific genes occurrence to others ( Centre for Genetic Education , n.d. ) .
Secondly , the awareness of deleterious gene in individuals that leads to disease , like HIV , ensures their responsibility within the community .
The organization involved in genetic care has the authority to disclose the genetic information to appropriate people if harmful genes could lead to serious disease , infected individual does no effort to reveal it or little effort is made for diagnosis and treatments ( Minkoff and Ecker , 2008 ) .
This would prevent harm to others , like the spread of HIV to the uninfected sexual partner and the future generations .
Today , enterprises found the use of RFID chips in wide variety of places including hospital , transportation system , corporations , schools , and worryingly , human beings ( Andrea Jean , 2007 ) .
In this paper , I would like to discuss some problems in the use of RFID chip on human .
Human implant is experimented and studied deeply over many countries .
However , this has been proved to have huge problems unfortunately .
Volunteer participated in controlled experiment on skimming has proven that a hacker is able to skim and clone an access card in a split second and using the card to get entrance to a " secure and locked " entrance ( Jones , 2008 ) .
This absurd result puts a question on the security use on human implant .
This is especially true for elder patients with Alzheimer .
Patients suffering from Alzheimer have the tendency to wander .
The completion of Human Genome Project has contributed significantly to the rapid development of genetic tests valuable tools that aid in diagnosis and prevention of genetic diseases .
An important reason why patients should not be empowered in making the final decision is that it prevents doctors from tending to potential patients who could be at high risk of developing a disease if disclosure is not made .
Due to the need to maintain results confidentiality , doctors will be compelled to watch patients with the defective gene fall ill when appropriate intervention can be done to avert the harm .
This is has gone against their 'proper medical and ethical practices ' ( Minkoff & Ecker , 2008 ) of preventing harm or avoiding serious jeopardisation of the health of others ( www.genetics.edu.au ) .
In considerations of these competing obligations met by physicians , the genetic care and counselling organisations have devised guidelines which accept disclosure to relatives without the consent of those tested when there is going to be a high degree and immediacy of risk faced by them ( Minkoff & Ecker , 2008 ) .
[ 2 ] Physicians trained to deal with the emotional burdens of a positive test results , are capable of properly counselling the patient of the implications of not knowing the test result and also providing the needed medical treatment for the long run .
[ 1 ] As the medical professionals would know what medical treatment the patient would need and also understand the encumbrance such knowledge would bring , it is best that the medical professionals decide whether or not to reveal the test results .
Technology has made our life so convenient that we have overlooked the { repercussion } [ HYPERLINK : http : //thesaurus.reference.com/browse/repercussion ] s that comes with it .
Patients who wish to keep their medical information might chose to have the chip implanted right under their skin .
Another concerning issue is that the " RFID tags may electromagnetically interfere with electrosurgical devices " ( Bacheldor 2007 ) with particular attention at { magnetic resonance imaging } [ HYPERLINK : http : //en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Magnetic_resonance_imaging ] ( MRI ) scans .
Customers could also be tracked with the products anywhere so long as there is a right reader that could read the frequency ( Free 2007 ) Consumer privacy will no longer be existent as consumers loses freedom in choice and also consistently losing personal information to marketers .
The user might lost his password for access to areas or monetary items and also his identity .
The possibility that the RFID technology would prove to be more of a hindrance than convenience is evident .
This has brought about many controversial issues on the privacy and health concerns surrounding the use of RFID .
While some argue that the adoption of RFID is a violation of human 's privacy , it is indeed helps to protect the safety of family and public and identify patients .
Firstly , RFID protects the safety of loved ones by tracking the movements of kin in case when they went lost or been kidnapped .
With the help of RFID tag that worn on senile elderly , the tag enables the police to identify the missing elderly and then contact their family members .
In addition , RFID tag helps to ease in assistance of police to locate the hostage and kidnappers .
Secondly , RFID ensures the safety of the public by monitoring suspicious people who might pose a danger to the society as to prevent them from causing harm to the public .
RFID is useful in combating crimes .
Thirdly , RDIF improves the speed of patient identification in hospital .
Upon admission to hospital , each patient is given a RFID wristband which reveals patient name , patient identification number and patient medication record ( Antonio , n.d. ) .
Nevertheless , the current legislations are sufficient to deal with the development of RFID as to prevent the user 's privacy from invaded .
Furthermore , the RFID tag does not bring health problems to the users .
An example is European council proposed on the limitation of the exposure of electromagnetic field to the public ( Council , 1999 ) .
RFID serves as a tracking device and an identification system in safeguarding the safety of loved ones and public and identifying patients .
Human genetics has made tremendous leaps over the past years , and consequently made significant impact on many people 's lives .
In any cases , I advocate and concur that the individual should have the final say in whether to reveal the results of genetic testing or not .
This is due to the legislation polices that have been implemented for genetic testing as well as the moral aspects of genetic testing on individual or third parties involved .
Basically , it is far more confidential as it may contain more enhanced personal health issues of individual such as determining whether one carries any defective genes .
Hence , it is rightful to say that genetic information should be kept confidential and could only be revealed by the individual .
In accordance with United States federal law , it states that such medical information should be kept confidential and genetic professionals or doctors do not have the right to disclose any information without seeking the consent of the patient .
Though , they may assist the patients by informing them the likelihood of their relatives contracting the same diseases , the final decision ultimately still depends on the individual .
On the other hand , critics may argue that genetic professionals can interpret the genetic testing results more accurately than the patients .
Thus , they can explain the implications of the results more precisely to the family members .
However , only the patients will understand the family members ' different behavioural patterns .
This means that they are more appropriate to reveal the results by using a more desirable method .
In conclusion , the decision of whether to reveal the results of genetic testing should lie only on the individual and not other third parties involved .
Any disclosure of results by third parties will be considered breaching the genetic privacy and confidentiality law and may cause unnecessary moral implications .
Genetic testing is becoming more ubiquitous in recent years .
I advocate the idea that the patients should have the final say to decide whether to disclose the test results to relative and families .
First , the law and human rights declaration recognizes the rights to privacy of the individuals .
et al. , 2009 ) Unless there is mutual agreement on both sides , the final say should lie in the patients .
Second , the final say should lie in the patient as he knows what is best for their family members .
The patients know the different behavioral patterns of his family members and will know the best way to approach them regarding his genetic condition .
In this way , the family members of the patient are protected from any emotional harm like stress and anxiety .
In conclusion , the final say to the disclosure of genetic test results should lie in the patient according to the legal jurisdiction and to the fact that the patients understand the different personalities of their families and will have their best interests in mind .
The advancement in Science and Technology has lead to many possibilities , one of which is the ability to predict one 's risk of contracting certain diseases , mostly hereditary , via the study of one 's genes .
Hence this predictive power leads to one of the many controversies- should the individual have the final say in whether to reveal his/her results ?
In fact , this authority should go to the medical professionals ; basically the physician undertaking the proceedings of the test and has the part in interacting with the patients firsthand .
Firstly , the physician is a profession that is bounded with standard protocols and most importantly the physician possesses medical ethics .
As the genetics results also apply to the family and relatives ' health risks other than the patient 's own , many lives are concerned and any unjustifiable reason not to disclose should be overwritten .
The American Society of Human Genetics even propose conditions whereby patient autonomy should be disregarded ( Bioethics Advisory Committee,2005 ) , emphasizing importance of disclosure of results .
Secondly , there are laws such as Genetic Information Non-discrimination Act ( GINA ) or the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act ( { HIPAA } [ HYPERLINK : http : //www.hhs.gov/ocr/hipaa/ ] ) ( Norrgand , 2008 ) which protect the confidentiality and interests of the patient .
These are laws that the physician adheres to , which the patient may be un-familiarised with and overlook , despite pre- test counselling .
Thirdly , the society benefits when sound decisions are made by pragmatic , rather than individualistic , individuals .
The opposition may state that leaving the decision to third party who may be insensitive and hence jeopardize the patient 's chances in employment and insurance .
Moreover , the physician still respects patient autonomy unless certain conditions permit otherwise .
It is also suggested that the harsh truth of inheriting a genetic risk may create an emotional impact , especially when disclosed despite the patient reluctance .
Moreover , the mental preparedness of the patient is most likely moulded on the pre-test counselling before genetics testing is carry out .
( Lee , 2005 ) In conclusion , the physician should have the final say in whether to reveal the genetics testing results as they have the know-how on managing the entire situation before and after the patient is subjected to the test .
Genetic testing is an issue that mankind has place great emphasis on .
After test results are analyzed by physicians , there is a dilemma if the information should be made known to others or it being kept confidential by the individual .
Despite the fact that human rights exist , the physicians actually have a clearer understanding of the results and , the ethical and social issues that surfaces by withholding such information .
There are instances when a patient tested positive for a disease , but refuses to know their results ( BAC , 2005 ) .
This is clearly true as test results indirectly reflect genetic information related to family members and there is a possibility of them inheriting the disease too .
In such a situation , the authority to release the result should lie with the healthcare professionals .
As a result , the employers and insurance companies should have the rights to request genetic information from their employees or clients directly , or indirectly from medical professionals who has a better interpretation of the genetic test results .
In conclusion , although on the surface there seems to be disturbing issues in sharing genetic information , but when observed in depth , the information when shared can be more of an advantage to the individual as well as those around him .
Nevertheless , these concerns are outweighed by its pros due to the benefits it brings in ensuring safety of loved ones , public as well as identifying patients .
In case of kidnapping , those who had RFID implanted can be easily located by RFID readers .
Medical advances in technology have made it possible to detect if one has genetic disease through genetic testing .
Genetic testing can be defined as the analyzing of one 's DNA to detect a possible risks in contracting genetic disease .
This brought about many debate on the ethical and law issues on whether the individual have the final say in revealing the genetic testing results .
Due to privacy and effects of emotional stress , the individual should have the final say .
( Varga,2008 ) This is not necessarily going to happen as many other factors are needed like non-genetic risks such as smoking ( Varga,2008 ) to occur as well .
Therefore , revealing of result could be redundant if relatives do not have non-genetic risks , but instead create undesirable emotional stress for the relative .
So , the individual could first observe for any signs of symptoms of the genetic disease the relative may have , such as deformity or behavior problems , before deciding whether or not to tell .
In this case , third parties such as doctors should not reveal , as doctors are usually more concerned of alerting the person of the possible chances of contracting the genetic disease , rather than the possible negative impacts this news may bring to the person .
In conclusion , due to the law issues and the possible undesirable emotional stress by relatives , the individual should have the final say in revealing the results , as it is their personal information , and that they understand the relatives emotionally better .
Tracking of individual 's movement using RFID technology is make possible when it is used in a combination with Global Positioning System technology , as proposed by RFID vendors .
The RFID tag could be tag in an article of clothing or under the skin in some parts of the body and it could also serve as an identifier for the person wearing it .
There are many advantages of using RFID technology to track people 's movement .
Firstly , companies/family members could leverage on this RFID technology to locate their loved ones/employees if they were missing or working in dangerous environment .
( Jerry , David , Manuel & Thompson , 2007 p.469 ) Secondly , in hospital , a positive patient identification system uses radio frequency identification , RFID , to identify patients can led to fewer patient misidentification .
Patient misidentification has been the leading causes of medical errors and medical malpractice , posing a serious risk to patient safety .
( Antonio , Putten & Gerald , n.d ) Thirdly , monitoring of RFID tagged convicts in prison can prevent possible prison break .
In addition , RFID tagged offenders that are serving their term in the community ; this can help to enforce their home curfews .
However in some cases like working in a dangerous environment , safely is prioritized over privacy violation .
There are also worries over leaked confident information through RFID tags .
However , the tags can be encrypted and cleared of information before discarding .
But guidelines in recommended limits of EMF exposure have been adopted internationally to prevent any known negative health effects .
In conclusion , tracking of people 's movement using RFID technology should not be banned as its benefits heavily outweigh the downsides it might bring .
Advancements in technology have allowed the inventions of new devices that have helped improve lifestyles and bring about much convenience in our lives .
RFID is an essential tool used for tracking of people .
In hospitals , RFIDs serve as a means for tracking of patients as well as indentifying them .
This is especially the case for elderlies suffering from illnesses such as dementia who tend to lose their way .
Hospital staff and family members can thus easily track down the locations of their loved ones with the use of the RFID .
( { http : //www.antonio-aguilar.com/files/papers/hisi_paper.pdf } [ HYPERLINK : http : //www.antonio-aguilar.com/files/papers/hisi_paper.pdf ] , 2009 ) RFIDs are also used in monitoring crimes and to keep our society safe .
Hence safety of the society in ensured .
The main issues are that concerning privacy and health .
The use of such tracking device would mean that the locations and actions of the person will always be known .
In conclusion , RFIDs should not be banned as it can benefit us widely in many ways .
Despite the disadvantages it may pose , these can be offset with appropriate actions put in place .
Hence , we should not totally shun away from the use of RFID to track people but put in place measures to overcome the problems so as to ensure its optimal use .
However , the use of RFID in tracking people has brought about many controversies .
There are two important reasons that RFID technology to track people should not be banned .
However with the use of RFID to track people , this challenge may be overcome as hospitals used a " specially developed Hospital Movement Tracking System ( HTMS ) to trace the movements of Health care workers , patients and hospital visitors .
" ( Banks , Hanny , Pachano & Thompson , 2007 p.420 ) Secondly , the use of RFID to track people is for the safety of workers who are working in hazardous working conditions .
In an event of an accident , rescue operators can locate workers who are RFID tagged and save them as soon as possible .
Moreover , RFID technologies are durable which are able to withstand adverse conditions .
( http : //www.rfidconsultation.eu/ , 2009 ) However , the World Health Organization has found out that safe use of RFID will not have any adverse effects on human 's health .
Moreover , others oppose this as it causes invasion of privacy due to leakage of personal information to the third party .
Nevertheless , there has been data protection technology that is already in place to prevent unauthorized individuals from accessing .
In conclusion , we should not ban RFID technologies to track people as there are many benefits and its use as an effective measure to locate individuals during times of emergencies .
This is due to countries becoming more affluent and thus have better living environment and are also more educated to be conscious of their health .
In order to ease the aging process such that the elderly can aged without being neglected and also in comfort , research and development and policies have been implemented .
To a large extent , these have helped to ease the aging process through investing in healthcare for elderly , giving financial aids to the elderly and also enhancing the psychological well being of the elderly .
( Government of Singapore , 10 February 2009 ) Healthcare professionals like nurses are also trained to be able to handle more complicated procedures as compared to the past ( The straits times , 17 August 2009 ) .This provide quality healthcare for elderly in a high standard of living environment .
It may be costly to implement these policies but it is necessary as in future the aging population is projected to soar .
In Japan , it is expensive to create and own a nurse robot but it is necessary as in future there will be lack of human resources to take care of the elderly .
( James Brooke , 5 March 2004 ) Such technology will allow elderly to be self equipped to take care of themselves which is vital in current competitive society where their children will be overload with work to take care of them .
Secondly , the financial aids come up by the policies makers also manage to ease the aging process .
Governments help to reduce the burden of the elderly by subsidizing healthcare , giving financial aid and also enforcing the people to save for retirement .
In Singapore , elderly are entitled to a subsidy of 75 per cent of the fees charged at polyclinics and even free medical service for frail or disabled elderly .
( Government of Singapore , 10 February 2009 ) However , some may argue that the financial benefits may still be inadequate as elderly may need long term medical treatment and take longer time to recover .
Also , elderly may abuse the medical services when it is provided through financial aid .
( Government of Singapore , 10 February 2009 ) This will lighten the financial burden of the elderly easing the aging process as they can retire with more security and less worries .
In addition , enhancing the psychological well being of the elderly can make aging less depressing and cultivates a pleasant lifestyle for the elderly thus making the aging process more enjoyable .
There are policies like revising the retirement age from 65 to 67 in United States ( U.S. Social Security Administration , 1 April 2009 ) and also in Taiwan from 60 to 65 .
There are also retraining and upgrading programs , like the { Senior Community Service Employment Program } [ HYPERLINK : http : //www.doleta.gov/seniors/ ] initiated by the United States Department of Labor ( U.S. Department of Labor , Employment & Training Administration ( ETA ) , 13 Jan 2009 ) , to make them be as competent as the young people making the elderly still feel young at heart .
This is particularly the case for policies that tackle on increasing birth rate .
For example , the baby bonus scheme in Singapore was ineffective as the birth rate remains at 1.28 .
The attractive financial incentives like getting cash gift of up to $ 4,000 each for the 1st and 2nd child and $ 6,000 each for having a 3rd and 4th child and also paid maternity leave of 4 months were not enough to make people wants to have more children .
This can be due to lifestyle of Singaporeans like having long working hours and high standard of living , thus they prefer not to have any children .
As long as government considers solution to these issues like encouraging working from home , the policy may be more effective .
If these policies were successful , it will definitely ease the aging process .
In the coming years , more countries will also be facing this problem and thus different types of research and development as well as policies should be explored to prepare for the future .
There should be a limit on public spending on the aged so that money could be diverted to other areas of the country 's development ( Peterson , 2001 ) is a suggestion that should be implemented in order to combat the rising cost of healthcare for the elderly .
With the rapid growth of the elderly population for example in a country like Singapore , where the median age is expected to hit 41 years old from the present 36 ( Wijaya , 2009 ) , increasing public spending in healthcare could further strain the government 's expenditure as more money need to be poured in to cater to the growing numbers of elderly in the country .
There are several factors that explains the need to limit public spending on elderly healthcare .
This move will be beneficiary in the long run as it does not only ensure that the country is progressing economically , it is also securing a brighter future for the healthcare sector as more money could be spent on it in the long run .
The government can now choose to allocate some money into healthcare , invest the remaining money and as time goes by , not only the government will be earning more profits but the healthcare will be getting bigger allocation .
However , should the government decides to spend all of the 100 dollars into healthcare , there will be no profits and the government will also suffer a deficit .
Secondly , public spending on elderly healthcare should only be limited to elderly who really need it to prevent abuse by other citizens .
If there are no limits implemented , the normal citizens could abuse the system by using it indiscriminately and denying the rights of healthcare to truly needy patients .
An example could be seen in the United Kingdom where healthcare is fully subsidized by the government .
This may in turn cause a clog up of cases where there will be more patients waiting longer for their operation reducing the quality of the healthcare sector ( Press Association , 2005 ) .
This could probably cause a public reprisal as the current economy crisis has yet to fully subside and the government should instead focus on recovering the country 's economy first .
Some might argue that it is the government 's duty to look after the welfare of its citizens , but if the government were to look after all of the elderly without the help of the children , it would certainly cost the government an enormous amount of time and money .
The government needs to first concentrate on more important matters regarding the country for example in issues regarding national safety , trade , education , international relations and defense to ensure that the nation 's interests is safeguarded and not act as a nursery home for the old .
Children should be taught the importance of filial piety since young to ensure that they do not abandon all of their responsibility of taking care of their parents when they are old .
An example would be the Maintenance of Parents Act in Singapore , where parents could lawfully demand support from their child in court .
In conclusion , there are many reasons on why and how public spending on elderly healthcare should be limited to allow government to channel the money to other areas of development .
While healthcare for the elderly is still important , however governments must ensure that other important areas will not get neglected as well .
Ageing population is a serious problem faced by many developed state .
The ageing population is creating many social problems such as health problems , high government expenses and high income taxis , which are stressing the young workers and the aged people .
Many states such as the US , the UK , Japan and Singapore start to implement various policies such as increasing child birth rate , saving plans for elderly and health care policies to ease the ageing process .
However , most of these policies tend to be ineffective in easing the ageing process because they either have their limitation or fail to solve the social problems behind the ageing process .
This essay is going to examine the limitation and the problem ignored by those current policies .
Health care policies can be found in many developed countries in easing the ageing process to a very limited extent , because they creates social burden and fail to service minorities most of the time .
For example , the UK has tried to make the nation to become welfare state , but this leaves heavy tax burden to the working class and created low working incentive for the workers .
For example , Japan has introduced medical service , which allows its citizens to save for their personal medical account so that we can use the money when they fall sick in their old age .
Similarly , Singapore has introduced same kind of policies call Medi-save and Medi-shield .
However , these policies can not help those people who have long term disease because these diseases requires huge amount of money to cure .
Ironically , the World Health Organization has released a report in year 2006 which showed that the number of people who have long term disease such as heart disease and cancer is increasing sharply .
The data has also showed that stressful working life is contributing to the poor health of the people .
Moreover , the minorities who do not have proper job or income do not have a medical care account will not be taken care by the health service .
They will be having nothing to rely when they fall sick .
Therefore , the health care policy in most developed countries should be improved to help those patients with long term disease and those who are neglected .
Today , both two leading states such as Japan and Singapore in the area of slowing down the ageing population have implemented " Baby Bonus Policy " .
Basically , families that give birth to more than one child will get economic support from child birth rate and ease the ageing process .
This is because the fact that many elderly couples only have one child to breed them and this always puts a heavy burden to the child .
Hence , with more children , more economic support could be provided and the old parents could be taken care better .
However , the " Baby Bonus Policy " does not work well although almost everyone aware its benefit .
This is because firstly , the stressful social environment that forces couples to put their time and effort in their work , so that they are unable to spend time with each other .
Secondly , getting more salary through longer working hours makes life much easier than appealing for limited economic aids after having many children .
Thus , government fails to notice the two root of the evil .
Therefore , baby bonus policy could not increase the birth rate effectively in easing ageing process .
The modern society today is fulfilled with modern values that lead to the ageing population , thus caused the some government policies to become ineffective in easing the ageing process .
Many states have introduced housing policies , which allow the young couples to live near their parents or giving priority in purchasing house to those people who have married .
This allows the couples to take care each other especially when they are old , or to take care their parents when they are still young .
However , the states fail to realize that people 's value towards family is changing today .
The family bonding in most western society is very weak and the young generation does not really have a sense of filial piety in their head .
Also , the stressful working market created by capitalism today is taking away too much time and effort from people so that they can not spend them with their family , or even can not think of having a family .
It creates modern value that allows people of opposite sex to live together without having a family .
What if the idea of family is vanished ?
If all these assumptions occurred , the housing policy therefore will not be relevant at all .
In conclusion , most of the current policies in easing ageing process have their limitation or ineffective .
The fundamental problem is because the states fail to realize the social problems behind , which contributed to the stressful ageing process .
Hence , in order to ease ageing process , the policies should be designed to solve the root of the evil rather than just focus on the surface of the problems .
Population aging , as stated in the introduction of the report World Population Aging : 1950-2050 ( 2002 ) is the process by which older individuals become a proportionally larger share of the total population .
It was at first experienced by the developed countries , but now taking place around the globe .
Firstly , the increased of longevity as the elderly are leading longer lives .
A special report from Economist.com ( 2009 ) stated that average life expectancy for the whole world was only 30 years during the 1990s , and the rich countries under 50 .
However , the figures have each increased to 67 and 78 , and it has no signs of stopping .
The next factor contributing to the aging phenomenon is the declining of birth rates as people tend to have lesser kids than the previous years .
Despite these measures , the birth rate of Singapore has not increase significantly ( Mui Teng Yap , 2003 ) .
The " Stop at two " policy had been so successful that couples in Singapore saw that they can have a better standard of living with a smaller family .
Educated women prefer to pursue their careers before getting married , thus women have a sense of insecurity in losing their job when they have to take maternity leave or when they are about to give birth to their child .
Other than that , educated women do not just want to be successful in their careers , but also a good mother .
The decline performance of the body limits the ability of the aged to care for themselves .
It has improved our quality of life in many ways , especially the field of medical science .
However , this raises an implication that the upper class and middle class people who are likely more easily to access information will use this advantage .
This , in turn will create a misguide impression that medical fees of the elderly are high , resulting in the debate between the government and policy makers whether to limit healthcare spending on the aged or not .
Some may argue that , the measure of increasing the retirement age should be able to reduce the negative effects of the aging population .
It is true that by letting the elderly people carry on working can increase manpower in labor markets simultaneously letting them increase their savings to support themselves during old age .
In some cases , employers have the notion that employing the aged , the setting of the workplace might have to undergo some changes to accommodate to the needs of the elderly .
In short , life today is not similar to the past , challenges lies ahead waiting for us to overcome .
The effects of the aging population maybe exaggerated , but we should not lack foresight and neglect it .
By 2050 , the figure will increase to 35 percent for those aged 60 years and above ( Ministry of Community Development , Youth and Sports 2008 , February ) .Ageing population is a challenge for Singapore for the coming years .
Money is needed in areas for countries development such as transportation , research and development , infrastructure , investment and military .
In terms of quality of life , Singapore is tops in Asia and No.32 in the world ( Mercer Human Resource Consulting Survey in 2008 ) .
Singapore also scores 22nd in monocle 's list of top livable cities in 2008 and ranked top 5 in city infrastructure ( Mercer 's 2009 Quality of Living survey highlights 28 April 2009 ) Singapore change airport had accumulated 250 awards and is recognize as one of the best airport in the world .
Therefore the current problem Singapore facing now is the aged population .
Money should be allocated on the ageing population .
Singapore is currently a develop country .
Currently the investment in both the Marina bay and resort world at Sentosa will bring in more income to Singapore .
Hence money is still needed for the country development in order to maintain its world class standard which is important for the growth of the country .
Despite that money is important for the growth of Singapore ; the current ageing problem must still be dissolve .
Citizen is the most valuable asset of a country .
In order for the development in Singapore to prosper , money is necessary to solve the problem of ageing population .
In order to encourage elder dependency , the government introduces central provident fund in 1955 .
It was a compulsory saving plan for the work force .
The money can also be used to pay for medical cost incurred related to health .
Despite the introducing of the central provident fund , the aged population feels that it was insufficient for them to retire .
In 2008 , the lifespan of Singaporeans has increase making the average life expectancy to become 80 compared with 61 in 1957 ( Mon , Apr 14 2008 News Straits Times ) .
Money is needed to encourage elders to work longer and lifelong learning .
For example incentives are given to company like MacDonald who employ retired workers .
Trainings are given at subsidies rate for workers to upgrade themselves , to remain competitive in the workforce .
For example , housing grants are given to encourage children to stay near to their parents .
The government had increased the housing grants from $ 30000 to $ 40000 ( HDB Website ) .
Even though government encourages children to take care of their parents , there are still cases where parents sue their children for not taking care of them .
Singapore government had passed the maintenance of parents act to make children responsible for their parents .
In cases where the elder do not have any children or saving left , money is also needed to cater for their daily expenses , housing and medical expenses .
Eventually by 2050 , 35 percent of the population will reach the age of 60 years and above .
Money is needed to spend on areas like , medical centre , new infrastructural and homes for the elderly .
More medical centre is needed to cater for the ageing population which requires more healthcare system .
For current buildings like shopping malls and HDB flat , the government and developers spent more moneys on building elderly friendly infrastructural .
Upgrading of existing HDB flats to make it more elderly friendly .
Examples lift upgrading , slopes for wheel chairs and old folk corner .
Despite the fact that ageing population is imposing more cost on government , the well being of them must still be taken care of .
If not , when elections comes , the government might lost their votes as 35 percent of the population will reach the age of 60 and above by 2050 .
Over the last 50 years aging population was considered as a big problem that influenced western countries economic development .
However , during the next 50 years there will be a dramatic increase in aged and it is inevitable for Asian countries to face this challenge from now on .
To date , aging population whose age is above 5 comprise 14 percent of the world .
According to the survey done by United Nations , aging population in Asia is estimated to increase by 314 percent , from 207 million to 857 million in 2050 and among those sub regions East Asia will suffer most .
Japan is still the country with largest amount of and most rapidly growing aging population .
Both china and Singapore are anticipated to become the second right after Japan in 30 years and aged above 65 will make up 20 percent of the total population .
Moreover , the rate of birth kept falling down and family will have less adult children than they had in the past , which puts more burdens together with aging population to the government to deal with .
So it has been a controversial issue that whether government shall cut public spending on the aged and divert to other areas of economic development to secure stable productivity and GDP .
It looks aging population will become a worse problem if current low-level government spending is going to be cut further .
However , taking all the advantages and disadvantages of this policy from the angle of the future into account , there will be more effective ways to handle this challenge rather than directly or indirectly giving " fish " to the elderly , so it will be necessary for the government to limit public spending on the aged .
There is not dispute that the average age is climbing up continuously as it is impossible to prevent people from getting old , which is the most outstanding but only one part of the features of aging population .
It is more important to pay attention to other trends and characteristics of aging population in order to solve this problem it in some other ways .
One of the biggest factors that the aged may causes excessive burden on economic development is the less support to the family from their adult children as a consequence of less birth rate and higher child bring-up fees .
For example , there has been a baby booming period between 1947 and 1949 in Japan but since 1949 the total fertility rate started to fall , from 4.54 to 2.04 per woman in less than 10 years and from 2.14 to only 1.29 nowadays .
The same kind of situation is also confronted by Singapore , china , Thailand , South Korean and other Asian countries .
On the other hand , the number of adult children who are willing to live with their parents fell instead of rising .
The proportion of Japanese elderly people living with their adult children fell from 80 percent in 1950 to 50 percent in 1990 ( Onawa and Rather 1997 ) , in south Korean from 78 percent in 1984 to 47 percent in 1994 ( Weinstein et al.1994 ) .
Thus it will be more essential for the government to emphasize the responsibility that adult children bear to support the family rather than directly give financial support to the aged , which will in turn lay more tax burdens on the working group .
In other words , making the adult children actively support their parents will be better than passively pay tax .
In addition to getting support from adult children , it is identically important to give more employment opportunities or put off the mandatory retirement ages for the elderly , which is also a good method to ease the rapid productivity downturn as people tend to live longer than before .
Similar to the problem of adult children , although the number of aging population keeps rising , the amount of old people who could get chance to work either full time or part time tends to fall due to economic and social changes that less employers want to hire old labor - from 38 percent of the population 65 and above in 1950 to 25 percent in 2000 and 22 percent in 2010 by the survey from United Nations .
This opposite direction of number of aged and working group affects the economic productivity to a great extent .
So the government 's task is to make more policies concerning both the mandatory retirement age and employers ' restriction .
For instance , hiring the elderly as part-time worker may be a good choice for both aged and employers so as to enable the elderly to earn more as well as enhance productivity .
This is also a good way to let the aging population take , if not all , part of the public spending by themselves .
Due to the fact that it may not be very realistic for those people who are already very old , disabled or need much medical care to be very productive , some other ways shall be combined to handle aging population .
Both Singapore 's and Japan 's pension scheme cover all of the work force , which sets great financial burden upon their government .
Although it 's useful in short term to stabilize aged , with the surprising speed of growth of aging population , it will be more difficult for government to sustain this policy and in some other countries such as Indonesia , India , Philippines where the political system is not stable or the demographic structure is mainly made up of low-income working class like china these policies would not be effective .
And in a country with pay-as-you-go system like Japan there will definitely be some problem in the future if government does not stop spending more on public pension as the number of retirees becomes larger and larger relative to the number of employees .
More taxes will also be conducted to future generation .
So the best way to cope with this problem will be encouraging nowadays working force to save more money for themselves instead of depending on their descendants or government .
Basically set up a healthier financial saving system according to different period the different economic situation with proper interest rate and bonus .
Apart from the methods mentioned above , there are more and more effective methods to be come up with to handle aging population instead of direct public spending on the aged .
The elderly is a large part of the society that can not be ignored and the best way to keep a sustainable economic development as well as give them a beautiful autumn is to set up a systematic methodology rather than focus on any single policy .
By the year 2050 , our median age would be 54 years .
( Lee , 2009 ) .The government have been taking the challenge of easing the aging process very seriously .
In the economic sector , the government have implemented the Central Provision Fund ( CPF ) to ensure that the elderly would be financially capable to support themselves when they retire .
The CPF savings are entirely invested in special government bond which are risk free and has long term interest rate.CPF have been a major source of financial supplement for most of the retired elderly .CPF ensures that all working Singaporeans have a saving that is set aside to support their needs when they retire .
However the government also realises that the CPF savings might not be sufficient for aging needs hence to help enhance the function of CPF , the government is adding an annuity scheme known as the CPF LIFE ( Lifelong Income For The Elderly ) that will provide a secure stream of income for the elderly .
( Lee,2009 ) .This is done when Singaporeans reach the age of 55 , part of their CPF savings will be transferred into an annuity which will provide a steady stream of income from the age of 65 for life.CPF is a mandatory saving scheme and therefore it ensures that the elderly will have the financial means to support their aging process .
The government have also been legislating laws that require employers to offer re-employment to their workers until the age of 65.This is a flexible approach because the workers do not have to get the same job or pay .
The government have incorporated this approach from Japan because it is a pragmatic step compared to just increasing the official retirement age .
To tackle this issue the government have introduced the Workfare Income Supplement which is a negative income tax and it is weighted in favour of older workers .
In addition to that , the government have various programs to retrain older workers and improve their skills .
The healthcare sector has also contributed in helping to ease the aging process .
The national health care expenditure have been kept at 4 % of Singapore 's gross domestic profit ( GDP ) ( Lee,2009 ) Although healthcare expenditure will inevitably rise in the coming years , the government have introduced the 3M that will help the needy in their healthcare expenditure .
The 3M are MediSave , MediShield and MediFund.The introduction of these 3M have helped the elderly in financing their healthcare .
On top of the 3M , the government have also introduced Eldershield which is an insurance scheme that gives financial protection to those who need long-term care , especially during old age .
( Ministry of Health ) In any event where the elderly becomes severely disabled , they can get a monthly cash payout .
To ensure that every elderly gets medical attention , the government have built new hospitals such as Jurong National Hospital and Khoo Teck Puat Hospital to accommodate more patients .
The government is also building step down care sectors which includes more community hospitals , nursing homes and home care centres to provide better elderly care .
The government is aware of this situation and they have come up with a solution to overcome this problem by linking up acute hospitals with community ones .
This allows patients to recuperate at community hospitals and make room for more serious medical condition to be treated in acute hospitals .
This is an effective solution because the role of caring for the elderly is divided as effectively as possible between the private and government sectors .
To ensure better comfort for the elderly , the government have also been upgrading home care to serve the elderly better .
The government have also upgraded infrastructure to help ease the aging process .
The Housing and Development Board have been building more studio apartments to accommodate senior citizen .
The bus system is also improved by making buses wheelchair accesible.The trains in Singapore are already wheelchair assessable .
The government have also gone beyond transportation and housing to help ease the aging process by providing neighbourhoods with decent public toilets and green spaces which enables the elderly to lead an active lifestyle .
In conclusion , most of the policies and steps taken by the government have helped eased the aging process to a large extend .
In the areas of healthcare and financial security the government have been constantly upgrading and implementing new strategies to help ease the aging process .
Hence the measures taken by the government are effective ones and it has helped the elderly age comfortably .
However , with the world noticing the shift in it 's demographic to a more aged society , things are becoming more accommodating for the elderly .
The rising trend of companies hiring more numbers of older workers is providing the elder folks greater financial stability , allowing them to have the spending power to live independently .
In Singapore , seventy-five percent of unionized companies have committed to rehiring older workers , and forty percent of these unionized companies already have in place formal re-hiring procedures in addition to ad-hoc arrangements that are commonly made .
( 2009 , July 22 ) .
The government has also set out better initiatives to ensure the elderly are provided for .
Often , the issue is that the elderly are neglected by their adult children and left to survive by their own .
The government thus introduced the Maintenance of Parents Act to prevent adult children from abandoning their elderly parents .
( Khalik , S. ( 2009 , August 17 ) .
) Furthermore , housing policies which entice married children to stay near or with their parents have been introduced as incentives .
Appendices , appendix C. Retrieved from http : //www.mcys.gov.sg/successful_ageing/report/Appendices.pdf ) These policies are targeted at curbing this social issue that has become serious enough to be highlighted in Singapore 's National Day Rally .
These two policies are some of the ways that governments are looking into to help the elderly have a better and easier life during their twilight years .
In the United States , an 80 year old retired truck driver was forced to sell his house of 33 years to pay off a $ 15 000 medical debt which was not covered by his health insurance policy .
( Goldsmith , T. ( 2008 August 3 ) .
Such possible failure of medical policies have spurred efforts to better protect the old .
The scheme ensures the elderly have the money to pay should they require long-term medical care .
In our society , the aged have been marginalized in the struggle of the survivor of the fittest as their contributive power to society were reduced .
Yet , as society matures , one can see how ingenious and novel methods have been developed and set into place to help bring the elderly from living on the margins of society into being a part of the family structure again .
The three developments and policies highlighted are examples of the efforts made to help ease the ageing process for the elderly by helping them keep themselves relevant to society and their family .
It is interesting to note , also , that in helping to ease the ageing process , society has prepared itself to adapt to the prospect of an ageing population .
Some feel that giving our full support to the elderly is of the utmost importance while others suggest limiting expenditure on the aged ; drawing concerns from other sectors of the country such as economic growth and sustainability .
I agree with the latter ; those concerns are very real , and if left unattended can pose a serious threat to the country 's development .
In this essay , we will be addressing these dilemmas and attempt to propose several possibilities as well as solutions that come with it .
Limiting public is something which the governments must consider seriously .
From a pragmatic stand , majority of the elderly are unable to contribute economic growth due to deteriorating health conditions which come naturally with aging .
Some common conditions such as rheumatism , failing eyesight and hearing , dementia , Parkinson 's disease , all of which render them unfit for work .
Not only are the elderly hindering the country 's economic growth , they are depleting it at an alarming rate as well .
Another reason why public spending on the elderly should be limited is so that the funds could be diverted into other sectors of the country 's development .
Experts predict a financial toll in the near future stating , " East Asia may experience widespread capital shortages as funds are diverted from financing productive investments in Hong Kong and Singapore to financing pension deficits in Berlin and Washington .
Even if we had enough capital for elderly spending , recent surges of new pandemics such as the H1N1 virus , call for more funding into the medical field .
Limiting does not mean depriving them of support , but only to provide what 's necessary .
Certain categories fall through the gaps of the system and are left dry and powerless , even without the basic needs .
" [ 3 ] This example is one that stresses for flexibility .
Spending on the aged should also be contextualized accordingly with economic situations , such as the recent economic crisis where employers are extremely selective , making jobs all the more scarce for the elderly .
Clearly , it can be seen that though limiting public spending on the elderly might produce certain immediate difficulties , it will ease the process inevitably during the long run .
However , the application of flexibility and context is most crucial as there are indeed too many factors and variations for the system to account for , thus it is better that humans master the system instead of the opposite case .
The issues of age challenge the whole of society and put it to the test .
" , says Simone de Beauvoir in The Coming of Age ( 1970 ) which clearly reflects the impact of the rising aging population that is happening around the world .
Governments often rack their brains to come up with the best solutions in terms of policies and research and developments .
For example , some of them do not see the need of having babies and viewed it as a potential source of problem to their ever-stressful life .
Thus , many are put off by the idea of having more children due to the accompanying life- time commitment of raising a child .
Thus , even if the legal retirement age was raised , it clearly produces limited results .
As a result , employers tend to shut their doors to the older workers .
In line with the above efforts to tackle the graying population , the government introduced the Parents ' Maintenance Act in 1996 to impose on filial piety .
Family ties may be further strained since the children are not taking care of their parents out willingness .
Taking it from the parents ' perspective , some of them may not even consider the Act as being abandoned by their children is regarded as a shameful matter .
In all , moving beyond law to enhance the perceptions of elderly is a more practical way to increase the ability and willingness of the society to coordinate with the government in tackling the " grey tsunami " .
With the growing population and various problems that the present governments face today , the governments are finding it tedious to balance the budget to ensure that all areas of development are being met .
Maintaining and sustaining a country is not just about looking after the aged , but also in developing growing sectors of our nation .
Although it is essential for the government to spend on the graying population , there are , however , ways to minimize this spending , and this amount can then be used on other areas of the country 's growth and development , such as maintaining our country 's defense and improving the education system .
Our parents are the ones who brought us up since young ; providing us with basic necessities , educating and grooming us to be a worthy person of society , and showering us with love and concern that all individuals need .
Not only does it benefits the government as spending on the aged can be reduced , it also benefits them both economically and socially .
Furthermore , working can help to decrease boredom in retirement , as time will then be spent engaging in productive activities at work , and not whiled away doing nothing .
Apart from defense , the government needs to invest in out country 's development as well , and this includes improvements in our education system .
However , other areas should not be neglected , as our nation 's growth and development is of vital importance as well .
Many ways are , indeed , present to help limit public spending on the age .
It will be made possible if these are strongly enforced , and high cooperation among citizens of our society will help to deal with this issue too .
However , what we do not know or are still confused about is the effective way to both take care of the aged and enhance the development of other fields .
It is the matter of money usage .
There is a suggestion that the governments should limit the expenditures on the aged and therefore they will have money to spend on other areas to develop the countries .
The first point needed to be clarified is how limited the government funding on the elderly should be and what will happen if the expenditures are under the agreed limit .
In the framework of fast-aging population and the restricted national budgets which do not allow spending generously on the elderly , this limit should be maintained at an acceptable level which ensures that the aged 's basic needs such as food , clothing , housing , transportation and healthcare are met .
However , in some nations , especially developing countries , blaming for the need of investing most of their capital in other areas to push the countries forward , the governments cut down the basic expenditures on the aged .
Cutting down the fiscal costs on the aging population to support other areas does not mean that those areas will receive the whole benefits .
Let 's take a situation in which without sufficient support from the government , the aged become a burden to their families as an example .
In that case , if the fiscal costs on the aged are cut down to rise up the expenditures on the young generation , it can lead to the result that the money aimed to support one target in a family the youth - will be shared to partly meet two demands , the elder 's and the younger 's .
In other words , the purposes of investing in other areas of development by using money saved from fiscal cost on the aged can not be fully fulfilled .
In developing countries , declining the basic expenditures on the aged can lead to a worse situation .
The aged in these nations , especially in rural areas do not merely need money to lead the rest of their lives , but also to raise their children or grandchildren .
They share with their younger generations their limited monthly retirement pensions or allowances to fulfill all the costs of living , and usually , run out of money before the pensions/allowances of the next month come to their hands .
One of the productive areas to invest is economy [ 1 ] since economic development helps to raise the national budgets and thus raise the public expenditures on the elderly .
Money earning from investigations into other areas of the economics should be partly used to support the aged not only to lessen the burden on the families or to fade away the picture of poverty from generations to generations , but also to ease the elderly 's lives .
The increasing size of the economy could be relatively limited , but it does allow the government to have more choices to take care of the aged in a better way .
In other words , what the government should do is not merely concerning the economic growth but also taking action to link each increasing level of economic growth with each respectively increasing level of the elder 's quality of life .
In conclusion , limiting the fiscal cost on the aged without thorough considerations could lead to unexpected results which directly affect the elderly themselves and their families , as well as indirectly impact on the society and country 's development .
In cutting down the spending on the aged , the governments must ensure that their basic needs are still satisfied and the money saved from this act of limiting should be efficiently invested to partially support back to the elderly .
In 1997 , there was an estimated 217,400 elderly persons aged 65 years and above forming 7.0 % of the population as well as the figures will increase to 798,700,forming 18.4 % of the population by year 2030.Currently,while comprising 7 % of the population , they utilize 20 % of public sector primary care and hospital services .
It has been estimated that there will be a four-fold increase in the utilization of health resources in 2030 , based on the increased numbers of elderly and assuming the same utilization rate .
( Singapore Medical Journal , S L Ling , Retrieved from { http : //www.sma.org.sg/smj/3910/articles/3910ia1.html } [ HYPERLINK : http : //www.sma.org.sg/smj/3910/articles/3910ia1.html ] ) Meanwhile spending on healthcare such as medisave , medifund , community hospitals and nursing homes is growing and it can continue indefinitely because of the continuous introduction of new technologies and treatments that are beneficial .
Such of this condition could be defined as scarcity which means resources are limited in quantity and it implies not all of society 's goals can be pursued at the same time .
In brief the government has insufficient funds to fulfill all wants and needs of aged population .
There are certain country 's development areas such as education , infrastructure , defense , investment and also helping the poor and needy that still needs to be taken care of .
Government budgets should only cater on basic needs of elderly .
Consequently a country can not afford to spend too much on elderly because of practical realities .
The government budgets should be diverted to other areas of the country 's development since resources are limited .
Governments and policy makers have to decide on what should be supported by the public sector , and what should be left to individuals to 'buy ' for themselves , depending on their own financial capacity .
In fact , governments should only focus on those elderly who are poor , needy and abandoned by family .
Education , infrastructure , defense and investment are the other areas that need to be looked after by government .
For example , if more public spending on education will be raising more productive children so that more affluent future generation and the size of tomorrow 's economy could be increased .
Moreover it will discourage foreign investments if government over-spending on aging population and neglect other developed areas .
Furthermore it does not help much in economic growth if governments provide too much welfare support for elderly .
Firstly elderly people are less productive than young people and most of them are retired or unemployment .
They are unable continue to put their effort in developing country 's economy and infrastructure areas .
It will also increase the government spending on elderly .
From the article " Doomsday Predications about Population Aging are exaggerated written by Robert B.Friedland and Laura Summer " , it stated out that with little economic growth , society faces fewer choices on how to care for those who are least able to care for themselves .
On the other hand , with sufficient economic growth there are more choices and fewer persons in need .
In addition , government should put more effort and invest on those areas that productive .
It will help on country 's economic growth .
For example , Singapore casino-resort project will develop many working opportunities and it is estimated that there will be very high returns in the future .
Thus income of citizens will be rising and it leads to increased savings .
It will reduce their reliance on others likes governments and families .
For the part of government , they will be able develop medical technology and provide more medical schemes to help the aged .
On the other hand , the rate of poverty will be smaller .
People can afford to look after their elderly .
Government and policy maker have to decide on what is essential and should be supported by public sector .
In brief , leaders in government must raise all ideology and implement practical measure to cope with the problems of a fast aging population .
Public funds can be gathered through taxes on the citizens and also tariffs on incoming trade items from other countries .
These funds are then used to either solve a current problem in a country , for example , an ageing population where help is needed to ensure livelihood of the older generation , easing the burden the current generation have on taking care of the old .
Or these funds could be used on improving the education , communication and transportation infrastructure of a country , therefore improving the standard of living for the nation .
In this case , I would think that more funds should be allocated to a country 's development and less on the aged , as there are many other ways a country 's development will help solve or ease the problem of an ageing population .
The government should allocate more funds on a better building a better education system , leading to more educated and productive , future generations .
As the future generations are more educated and productive , they will be able to contribute more to the economy and this , in return , should get them a higher income .
A higher income will allow the younger generation to support themselves better and therefore provide for their own parents , allowing the government to spend less on caring for the old .
Another outcome of better education standards is that , both the younger and older generations will better understand what could happen to them when they grow old .
This means both the newer and older generations will be able to better plan for their old age and the problems that come with it , for example , deteriorating health .
This makes it possible for lower health subsidies from the government as more people know how to stay healthy .
With an improvement in education standards , more students will pursue their academic qualifications in Singapore , creating a chance to convert these visiting students to become local citizens which will therefore increase the tax base for the future .
Both the above improvements will boost Singapore 's income , allowing the government to use more money on various national issues , be it economic development or social problems , in this case , the aging society .
While the idea of improving education to ease the aging problem in the future is workable , there may still be a problem of individuals who will not be able to follow this plan .
As we are still dealing with a society , there will always be different people with different backgrounds , for example , the rich and educated versus the poor and illiterate .
But the illiterate will not stay illiterate always , if they put an effort to improve and are given a chance for good education , they can still develop into a group of productive Singaporeans .
By allocating more funds to education and infrastructure , governments can ensure good development in the country , therefore , increasing the standard of living .
This will also lead to more educated and self-sufficient families , where minimal subsidies are needed to help a minority of the population , therefore a limited spending for the problem of the aged or an aging population .
We all know that the elderly have devoted all their intelligence , knowledge and strength for our society from the time of theirs .
Basically , it is the moral responsibility of our society to do all its best to support the elderly even at the expense of other areas of the country 's development .
There is no denying the fact that each country has its own limited set budget , so it can not afford to spend too much on the elderly because it also has to spend on other areas of the country 's development .
For examples , there are also many needy people like orphans , the disabled or unemployed that want to be subsidized by the government .
It is very hard for them to earn enough money for their selves .
The fact is they can not compete with others for easy jobs but also have high salaries .
Therefore , it would be huge financial burden for their relatives to subsidize them .
Unless the government spends more money to support them and create more job opportunities for them , they will be left to fend for themselves and lead to very sad hires .
However , we should consider who should be given priority and deserve national budget the most .
The elderly usually do not have enough strength to do manual labor whereas mental work requires perspicacity and concentration that they can not compete with other potential young candidates .
For examples , in Singapore , I have seen that almost all people who do cleaning work are the elderly .
Nevertheless , they look not strong enough to do such manual work , but they still have to do , to earn for their own livings .
Obviously , old people have fewer chances to work for their own living compared with other needy people who still have healthy physical body .
What is more , the elderly should be respected and dedicated for their contributions in the days of youth .
The elderly once were hard working not only in raising children but also in devoting their strength , intelligence for a better society like today .
Although there is a limit to national budget and the government has to balance spending in different areas for the country 's development , subsidy for the elderly should not be cut .
If each person has a sense of responsibility towards increasing the size of today 's economy and tax base , then it will be not a big problem for us to spend more money on the aged .
For example , the fertility rate in the United States of America were at an all time high which was around the range of 3.0 - 3.5 ( Baby Boom Generation .
2009 ) Hence , the name " baby boomers " was derived from increase in fertility rate globally after the World War 2 .
Fast forward 53 years later , the baby boomer generation is moving from the middle age into the senior years , issues regarding the aging process started popping up like mushrooms after the rain .
Singapore , one of the most developed countries in the South East Asian region has not taken this issue lightly .
According to the Ministry of Community Development , Youth and Sports , the elder ( age 65 and above ) population in Singapore is at 8.6 % ( 2008 ) and it is expected to grow to 18.7 % by the year of 2030 .
Through the research and development and social policies formed by the government , it is able to help ease the aging process of the aging population .
In the Medicine sector , extensive research and development has led to the advancements in the medicine sector in easing the aging process .
Through the development of new supplements , we now have a wide array of vitamins , tonics and etc. for specific need .
One of the common diseases that an elder has is osteoporosis .
This would result to fragile bones which have an increased risk to bone fractures .
Through research and development , the invention of bone densitometry enables the doctor to detect osteoporosis earlier and give the right medical advice in preventing the disease from getting more serious .
This would greatly help the aging population as they are able to prevent themselves from diseases before it develops to a critical stage .
Besides that , the invention of the Magnetic Resonance Imaging ( MRI ) has also contributed in easing the aging process as cancer is able to detect more accurately compared to the previous imaging technologies .
Therefore , through advancement in Medical technology , the quality of life for the aged is still high and it enables to lengthen the life span of human .
The main purpose of the CPF scheme is to provide a financial security for the retired after retirement .
Under the CPF scheme , there are many subsidiary schemes under it such as Medisave , Medishield and Medifund .
These subsidiary schemes enable the aged to pay for the hospital and healthcare bills .
In addition , these schemes would come in handy as when the aged grows older , one may not be protected through insurance as they have a certain age limit for medical protection .
As the cost of living and healthcare has been increasing , these schemes are able to help reduce the financial burden for the aged .
Therefore , with the CPF scheme created by the government it has successfully created a financial security for the aged and they would not need to search for employment to support their financial needs .
Other than the CPF scheme , a scheme for the aged named Eldershield was created to help ease the aged who suffer from disabilities .
The Eldershield scheme works like an insurance whereby it provides basic financial protection on a monthly basis for the aged .
The Housing Development Board has also created policies to cater for the aged such as " Granny Homes " and Lease Buy Back Scheme .
" Granny Homes " is an economical choice for the aged when they are living alone as the " Granny Homes " are small and easy to be upkeep compared to a normal HDB flat .
In addition to that , the aged would be living in the community of people in their age group , and this provides a good platform for the aged to socialize with others .
As for the Lease Buy Back Scheme , it provides an additional option for the low income elderly Singaporeans in a 3 room or smaller flats to cash out part of the money locked up in their HDB flats for their daily expenses ( HDB , Electronic References , 2009 ) .
As most elderly stay alone these days and not supported by their families , this scheme would come in handy for them especially when they do not have a stable financial security .
This two schemes created by the government would greatly relief the burden of healthcare cost for the aged and it would definitely benefit the aged .
In a nutshell , easing the aging process just does n't stop here with our current findings in the medical sector as well as the others and policies created by the government for the aged .
We , as humans should also play a part by taking care of our well beings than be dependent on others for support .
At this moment in time , research and development still continues on to discover new findings and new medical interventions to help ease the aging process and also improve the quality of healthcare for the aged .
The government are also looking into better ways and alternatives to provide the baby boomer generation a more secure environment with lower financial burden , better health care and also , the employability of the aged .
Nowadays , nobody can deny that aging population is becoming one of the most serious problems to developed countries , including Singapore .
Recent researches have shown that the proportion of the country 's residents aged 65 and above can reach the number of 18.7 % in the next 20 years .
Population aging has become a cause of concern in the realm of financial issue to the government .
Should we limit the public spending on the aged so that the money can be inverted to other areas of the country 's development ?
However , in my opinion , the public spending could be more productive if the government knows how to control the money spent on the aged and also how to invest for other areas of development .
Among several public spending on the aged , such as medical subsidies , public infrastructure , pension schemes , and financial aids , healthcare must be considered the most important sector .
As the healthcare costs now are getting more and more expensive , consequently , it becomes harder and harder for old poor people to fulfill their payment for the hospitals .
Based on the situation , some claim that government should automatically spend more and more on the aged , who deserve to be helped .
However , the national budget will come under pressure when growing numbers of elderly persons are supported by relatively fewer young persons , which leads to the question that " Can we really afford so much health care for aging population , or are we heading toward a healthcare crisis in the near future ?
Nevertheless , the budget for healthcare is not infinite , so , the government and policy makers must decide at which extent they would give healthcare cost to an individual , depending on his own financial capacity .
The second reason is that public spending is not the only solution to the problem of aging population .
Researchers and policy makers have made a lot of suggestions and strategies to help buffet the negative impact of aging population on our society .
Some of them are encouraging later retirement , raising more productive children , encouraging the elderly and their families to take more responsibility for their health , etc .
Therefore , instead of spending too much money on the aged , the government can think about realize some of these planning policies , or other possible policies to solve the problem .
Last but not least , Singapore must spend money on a large numbers of other essential areas of development , such as education , infrastructure , defense , investments.. .
These areas of development are all the key things that a country needs in order to become a developed one .
Without good infrastructure , there will not be sufficient facility for the country to develop .
Without a good defense system , people will live in the danger of terrorism as well as of being invaded .
Therefore , these areas of development must be well invested .
Moreover , when all of these areas are well invested enough to fulfill all the requirements , the living standard of Singaporeans will increase , consequently , the aged will received more help and budget from the society , or they even earn more money to support themselves too .
In conclusion , Singapore , as well as many Europeans and North American countries , is facing the problem of aging population .
If we do not put enough effort to solve the problem right now , it will be a really big issue in the future .
As the problem is controversial and there are a lot of different opinions surrounding it , the government and the policy makers must know how to make the right decision to point out the best solution for the country .
We always need to consider so many factors that affect our decision , such as do we have enough money to afford all the healthcare cost , or are there any other areas of the nation 's development that really need our investment .
Among these , the increasing number of aged people as well as the decrease in fertility rate as a new way of living is such a challenge that the world has to face in the next decades .
It is definitely not out of public concerns , especially in developed countries like Germany or Japan , where the aged population will make up a large proportion soon .
Along with modernized society , the elderly is receiving more and more supports from the government , which is a strategy in social welfare development .
Therefore , this spending should be reconsidered carefully to avoid financial shortage on other areas of the country 's development .
As part of the effort to enhance the social welfare , a lot of schemes have been adopted and operated in recent years for the sake of the old population .
Some intermediate and long-term care services like community hospitals , home medical or home nursing services and public subsidies in Singapore are perhaps good examples for supports from the government .
In reality , these below schemes certainly accounted for not a small scale in the increased public spending .
Thus , the growth in number of projects unconsciously puts heavier pressure on the government budget , which consequently creates an imbalance in expenses of different domains .
This spending , however , is likely to increase more and more in the next years .
Firstly , from the personal point , the aged have to be responsible for themselves .
When they are still in the working age , they need to provide in advance for their lives after retirement .
Saving and investing more of their income , for instance , are some solutions to prepare for their old age .
Secondly , from the social point , it is also the filial obligation of the children to take care of their parents when they get old .
This will obviously help to reduce the expenditures by sharing the dependency burden between the government and its citizens .
The most appropriate reason why the government should limit spending on senior citizens is that it will constrain other fields from taking advantage of government budget .
Once the supports for them make up too much of the budget , then other spheres can not receive adequate financial assistance .
Compared with the rise in health and community development , youth , sports expenditure as mentioned below , the public investment in such a strategic scheme like education in Singapore between 2005 and 2008 has a tendency to decrease from 994 to 856 million dollars ( nearly 14 % ) ( 2 ) .
There are other domains such as industry , education , transportation , information technology which also play an important role in building a solid infrastructure for the nation 's development as well as require proper concerns from officials .
However , with a limited budget , government is not capable of covering all expenses .
To a certain extent , restriction on dependency spending is reasonable and necessary so that the reduced money can be used to expand many other crucial areas .
Thus , it will contribute more to the social progress than the aged 's life improvement itself .
In short , the government and policy makers had better come to a reasonable decision on all projects .
In the face of limited budget , the public spending , however , should give priorities to necessary schemes and identify which cost can be reduced in order to make the best choice .
Clearly , they can cut down on excessive supports for the elderly because there are many other ways that may help sharing the budget burden .
Thus , the money saved can be transferred to more urgent and practical policies that also contribute to the nation 's strength and potential .
According to the United Nations , 1 in every 5 person throughout the world would be aged 60 years or older by the year 2050 .
One of such is that the government might need to channel more revenue to meet the demands of the elderly group .
In the long-term run , this can lead to shrinkage in the Gross Domestic Product ( GDP ) of the country or even affect the other sectors of development .
To prevent such situations from happening , different governments in the developed nations have come up with policies to confront the challenges of an aging population .
However , this is not a fair assessment because there are elderly patients that are being abandoned by their children .
This is because some of them might find means testing humiliating as it forces people to declare themselves in poverty .
These examples go to show that the means-testing policy has not fully catered to the demands of their targeted group .
One of these considerations for couples is the need to strike a balance between family and work life when a new member is added into their family .
Lastly , the policy to rise retirement age in developed nations does not serve as a long-term solution in meeting the needs of the elderly .
In Singapore , the government intends to rise the retirement age of the working group to 62 so that the elderly can continue to support themselves financially .
An employer would prefer to hire a young adult as compared to an elderly as they can contribute to the company for a longer period of time .
Some might disagree that even though they can not compete with the younger generation for jobs , the government does organize job fairs to help elderly seek jobs .
However , although these job fairs provide more working opportunities for the elderly , the success of such job fairs is largely dependent on the receptiveness of the elderly 's expectations to the new job scope .
All these obstacles show that raising retirement age does not address well to the concerns of an elderly .
Therefore , it is clear that social policies do not always meet the needs of its catered groups .
No matter how well a social policy is constructed , there is still loopholes that are often neglected by policy-makers .
Furthermore , it is important to note that social policies should be flexible so that they can make suitable changes to meet the demands of the society at different points of time .
Once the demands are being met , the route to easing an aging population would be much more smooth-sailing than it would have been thought .
It is common to see a society aging with the elderly population rising rapidly in the recent years .
Although society has a moral obligation to do all that it can to help the elderly , there are still limits to the expenses of the government to help the aged .
When there are limited resources , scarcity is unavoidable which lead to a situation where not everyone will benefit and there will be those who are in need who will be left out .
When policies are constraints by a budget it aim to have lesser cost that causes most strategies taken are unworkable and unpractical after they are introduce the public .
One of the examples is the government plan to extent the working lifespan of the elderly .
With every year passes by , they are facing the limitations of their physical and mental strength .
Physical loss in sight , hearing , mobility , continence are very common .
They also have to face the fact that they are unable to keep up with the workload they used to handle in the young old days even if they wanted to .
No matter how experienced or skilled an elderly is , he or she will always be in a disadvantage situation compare to those who are younger , more energetic and most importantly , more productive than them .
Therefore , spending on the elderly should not be limited to be able to support them .
Besides that , what did the Singapore government did was introduced the Baby Bonus schemes to the public with the objective of encouraging the public to have more children .
It is important , as with more youth , it will increase the productivity of the country as well as spreading the cost of development over a large population .
However , this scheme did not work as well as predicted even though the government has put efforts in promoting it .
The scheme netted only a gain in 129 citizen births last year in 2008 compared to 2003 .
Such scheme is unpractical even it may work in the long run .
The reason is that not everyone is willing to have a baby just to get the benefit from the scheme .
Therefore , resources used in it should have diverted directly to help the elderly to be able to cope with their problems immediately .
This may sound good and interesting but with the current economic status , there is less economic growth , tougher choices needed to be made to cope with the demand of the society .
Even if the economic is improving , the expenses of the elderly will just keep on getting higher , it seem to only benefit the government and not the elderly .
Furthermore , it will heavily burden those who have an elderly at home and such stress leads many of them to abandon their elderly .
Besides that , there are still a segment of people that have no job , no saving and even do n't have a family that we overlook .
If expenditures on the aged were cut off how would we expect them to be able to pay for their living and supposedly it is the obligation of the government to provide shelter to these people .
Although there are other areas such as education , infrastructure and defense that require our attention , it is also of equal important for us to have the same concern for the elderly .
These people are the one that have contributed themselves to the development of the country in the past .
It is their right to enjoy the privilege provided by the government after their retirement .
If the expenditure towards the elderly is limited , many will left in a lurch and thus raise rage among the elderly .
The tremendous improvement in nutrition and medication has led to life expectancy in the developed world to increase significantly .
Thus , many national budgets and economies will come under pressure as growing numbers of elderly people outnumbered the number of younger people .
Despite all that , public spending on the elderly should not be limited and society has the moral obligation and practical to assist them in all aspect .
The elders had contributed much to the country development and public expenditure for the elderly should not be limited .
It is undeniable that the elderly have made immense contributions to the country and their sacrifices create the relative social and economics comfort we enjoy now .
The elderly have become bright example for the younger generation in various domains .
Many of them have made valuable contribution to the country in different fields such as political arena , science and technology field , economics activities and culture as well .
On top of that , most importantly , they had contributed to the nation by imparting their knowledge and experience with the younger generation .
For instance , over the years , the elderly have helped to build up the economy of Singapore by imparting several policies and they have worked hard in securing and maintaining the stability of the country .
Although many may agree that public spending on the elderly should be limited , this will however creates an impact to the society and increases societal cost .
The limitation in public spending on the elderly may cause family members and individuals shoulder a bigger responsibility in taking care of the elderly .
In addition , some of those cost on the elderly will end up getting shifted back to the public sector through less direct and more expensive means .
For example , the rising cost of health spending for the elderly has taken its toll on them and many could not afford that .
Consequently , conflict and argument among family members may occur in this matter .
Families and local communities will have to deal with that by restructuring welfare programmes .
Furthermore , the limitation in public expenditure on the elderly people will also affect the level of physical , mental and emotional well-being of an elderly person .
With the decrease in public spending on the elderly , many elderly will come under pressure as they will have less financial dependency on others .
Subsidies on health care and treatment at community hospitals and nursing homes for the elderly for instance will be cut off hence leaving them to be self-supporting .
All this pressure occur will make them suffer from mental illness as their children do not look after them in old age .
For most of the older people , family members are the major source of social and financial support .
Without that , the elderly may start and spend time reflecting their past , remembering disappointment and that stage of life may turn into a time of despair and loneliness , with only little positive meaning in life .
All this will eventually lead to suicide and depression among the elderly .
The elders should benefit from the government , family and community care in all aspects to help them to ease their burden after what they have done for us over the years .
The public spending on elderly constitutes a safety net for them and all parties should work hand in hand to resolve this matter .
The aging population has of late become a subject for discussion because the growing of an aging population has brought about serious health issues and social problems in the developed nations .
National budget will also come under pressure as growing number of elderly supported by relatively fewer younger people .
Thus , to deal with such challenges , researches and developments or policies have been brought out to help the elderly .
The development in the field of economics has surprisingly contributed in easing the aging population .
Researchers believe that the critical challenge of an aging society is not only about how to accommodate the older population , but is about how to ensure the productivity of future workers , regardless of age .
Thus , many have been done by the government in encouraging the economic growth in our country in order to decrease the problems that may arise from the aging process .
To encourage the economic growth of our country , our government has worked hard in developing the tourism industry in our country .
Tourism in our country had successfully created a wide range of job opportunities for our citizens , such as tour guide , airline staff , drivers , hoteliers , caterers and interpreters .
The lower barrier to elder employment which is set by the government has allowed employers to take older workers to work in the career mentioned above .
People can work longer , accumulate more wealth and increase the citizens ' savings .
At the same time , poverty rate can be decreased .
After retirement , the elderly can also use the money that they have earned without depending on their families .
By improving the business condition , our country also undergo a dramatically climb of the economics .
This creates a bigger business volume for our local traders .
Thus , taxes which are collected increase and the income of our country also rises .
The money which is earned is being used in the development of medical technology to help the human being to cure the incurable , such as heart attack , tuberculosis , cornea impairment and cataract .
There are also medical facilities and systems which are being introduced lately , such as laser therapy , dialysis machines and microsurgery .
With all these modern technology , human life can be extended and people can live healthier .
The elderly can be stronger and less of them will be suffering from physical illnesses , such as stroke , diabetes , cancer and high blood pressure .
Employers who claim that elderly are ability and mobility restricted will also no longer having any excuse to reject elderly who wish to work in their organization .
The government has done hard in creating opportunities for the foreign investment to encourage foreign investment .
This has increased the foreign currency exchange and stopped the outflow of our local currency and hence , strengthened the value of our money .
As a result , there is a significant growth of economics in our country that increases the income of our country .
The government has used the money to build more community hospital and nursing homes which are well-equipped with the elderly-friendly facilities .
They also provide a range of services to meet the needs of elderly , such as the medical care , nursing care , physiotherapy , dietary services and dental care .
The elderly can be admitted into the community hospitals or nursing home if they need daily skilled nursing care or assistance in activities of daily living if they have no caregiver to look after them at home .
On the other hand , there will be more choices and fewer people in need when there is a sufficient economic growth .
The growth of the economy can solved many problems which arise from the aging population .
Excuses such as high cost of living makes it hard for working adults to pay for their elderly living expenses will not exist too .
Obviously , efforts that the government put in developing the economics of our country have resulted a successfully growth and inevitably , this has contributed in easing and solving the problems of aging population .
Many developed countries are now facing the same crucial issue an aging population .
Taking Singapore as an example , she will be witnessing a drastic demographic shift in history , with the age population ratio predicted to change drastically from one in twelve residents over the age of 65 in 2005 to one in five residents in 2030 ( Community on Ageing Issues , 2006 ) .
Hence , there would be a need for governments to increase expenditure on the aged to accommodate to this burgeoning age group .
Despite this , the crux of the issue here lies in how much should this spending on the aged be capped at .
However , critics argued that by limiting the amount spent on the aged and diverting the resources to other areas of the country 's development , the essential needs of the elderly would be neglected .
One such example is the healthcare need of the elderly .
It would hardly be a surprise that healthcare cost for the elderly would continue to escalate in the decades ahead .
The limiting of the public spending on the aged would thereby shift more of this healthcare costs to the individuals , causing the elderly to shoulder heavier financial burden .
Additional profits reaped from the investment in other areas of the country 's development could in turn contribute to the public spending significantly .
In fact , it is inevitable for the government to divert money to the other areas of development as aging population has affected these areas significantly .
One considerable implication of aging population is its possible impact on the country 's future macro-economic performance ( Schuiz , Borowoki , & Crown , 1991 ) .
As the baby boomers , the leading edge of the coming age wave , begin to move out of the workforce , the country will face the problem of a shrinking workforce .
In Singapore , there are currently 8.5 economically active persons to support one elderly .
By 2030 , the labour-dependency ratio will drastically drop to only 3.5 persons supporting one elderly ( Central Provident Fund [ CPF ] Board ) .
This shrinking workforce may signal the advent of less productive workforce and financial strain on the members of the workforce as they need to produce adequate amount of outputs to support the burgeoning elderly population ( Schuiz et al. , 1991 ) .
With sufficient economic growth , it would bring prosperity to the country and in turn benefit the society as a whole .
The additional profits reaped from this investment may in turn regenerate to the public funds to help the needy ones , including the elderly .
Hence , the investments in other areas of the country 's development would not be at expense of the needs of the elderly ; in actual fact , it could create a win-win situation .
Government is still taking care of the aged from various aspects .
For instance , the Singapore government has passed the Maintenance of Parents Act to allow elderly parents to file lawsuit against their children for financial support ( Khalik , 2009 ) .
In addition , the government has long enforced individual savings through the mandatory CPF , propelling the population to save for their old age ( Wijaya , 2009 ) .
This approach taken by the government would enable the individuals to accumulate wealth , and hence depend lesser on families and government financially in their twilight years .
Through these various aspects , it therefore shows that governments have taken a more well-rounded approach in taking care of the needs of the elderly ; and that public spending on the aged is not and should not be used as a single depiction of how governments can express their concerns towards the elderly .
In a nutshell , limiting the public spending on the aged and diverting resources to other areas of the country 's development do not necessarily mean that the government is neglecting the needs of the aged .
One should note that setting limits on the public spending on the aged is to reduce the over-dependency of the aged on the government while diverting resources to other areas of development is to allow the country to prosper and sequentially benefit the whole community , which includes the aged .
It is through this approach , pressing issues such as economic implications of aging population can be resolved and at the same time , more revenue can be generated to help the needy ones that comprise the elderly as well .
This essay will discuss on the limit that should be imposed to the amount of funds that should be budgeted for spending on the aged that would constitute as a fair distribution of government resources .
If there is a tendency to spend more than necessary on the aged ; other sectors of the economy might find that they lack finances to function normally .
There is no doubt that some of the aged need helps .
There is no doubt that we should ensure that the aged could age with dignity .
However , not only for the aged , other citizens who are dependent on the government 's help should also have the right to live with dignity too .
It may be true that without the help from the government , some senior citizens would struggle just to survive .
However , if the state takes care of the aged unconditionally , it would be a policy impossible to maintain in a long run .
Without a limitation based on the results of means testing , it would lead to a large number of people applying for grants even when they are not in dire need for such concessions .
This is to make sure that those who eventually get the money are those who genuinely need financial assistance , not simply because they are fall into the right age category .
( Stolberg and Zeleny , 2009 ) President Obama aimed to modify America 's health care policy to one that 'provides security and stability to those who have insurance and cover those who do not , all without adding to the federal deficit' .
This is due to the fact that USA is a welfare state and provides pension for the retired .
This financial scheme resulted in USA being the country spending most on health care , leading to a great strain on the government budget ( The New York Times , 2009 , 14 September ) .
In this light , we can be sure that this excessive amount of money is not well-spent .
Therefore , public spending on the aged should be limited to prevent misuse of funds that could be better channeled back to the economy , where more government budget would most likely be generated .
In society today , there are certain industries , known as the public goods , which require government involvement to exist .
For example , if the government does not invest in training an army of their own , no citizen will pay from their own pocket for it .
Such facilities benefit everyone in the country and it is difficult to exclude anyone from enjoying it .
The widespread of such mentality would then result in the government having to provide these services .
Therefore , if public spending on the aged is not limited , there will be lesser funds channeled to works such as the building of roads , the provision of street lights , the maintenance of policemen and cleaning of the streets .
With restricted budget in these sectors , we may have to live with a lower quality of life and a less secured nation , which would also lower the living standards amongst the aged .
Everyone is dependent on government aid varying degrees .
A good balance must be struck to ensure that as little people as possible are deprived of government support due to poor distribution of state monies .
This essay will discuss about the current political research and development that help to ease the aging process in the context of Singapore .
Aging process involves in physical , psychological and social changes of human being , often brings about deterioration of physical and mental health and loneliness .
These will bring about the increment of the nation 's health expenses and pension fund .
To a large extent , aging process has been alleviated with the current social policies and implementation that emphasise individual responsibility , familial commitment and residual model policies- often known as government intervention .
Government have placed policies that emphasise individual responsibility which are proven effective to ease the aging process .
Every working Singaporeans with a minimal income of five hundred dollars will have to make contributions to the Central Provident Fund ( CPF ) .
These accounts serve as fee for medical expenses , investment , emergency and retirement fee to ensure that the citizens have sufficient money for their old age .
Despite having these accounts , senior citizens may still face problems of paying their medical bill and daily expenses as these accounts are subjected to withdrawal limitations and high eligibility age barriers .
Therefore , it is vital that senior citizens have a healthy lifestyle and to be active in the workforce in order for one to be in good health and ability to self-provide .
Singapore government have been actively educating the senior citizen the importance of healthy living and promoting of community activities and campaigns .
For instance , Health Promotion Board introducing healthy aging program and forming of interest groups like Tai Chi and Karaoke Singing Clubs among the residents in the community .
These activities promote physical , mental wellness for the senior citizens as well as enlarging their social circle by making friends which aids the aging process .
Singapore government have devised plans and policies to develop strong sense of familial commitment as to aid the aging population burden of the state .
Evidently , these policies have been demonstrated to work as statistics ( Ministry of Community Development , Youth and Sports [ MCYS ] , 2005 ) have shown that the majority ( 76.4 % ) of senior citizens lived with their children ( p. 10 ) and 44.7 % of the senior citizen depended on their child for financial support ( p. 28 ) .
Policies included tax relief for taking care elderly parents or grandparents taking care of grandchildren while both parents working , public housing schemes by permitting grants to citizens who are purchasing a flat in the area their parents live .
Indirectly , this will strengthen the family ties and allows the senior citizens to seek companionship of their children or grandchildren .
However , there are still cases , whereby children refuse to support their parents though they are capable of doing .
With the introduction of Tribunal for the Maintenance of Parents ( Ministry of Community Development , Youth and Sports [ MCYS ] , 2009 ) , parents who are over 60 of age and incapable of supporting themselves can file petitions against their children to seek financial support from their children .
Nevertheless , the pillars of the future are further instilled with the importance of moral values such as filial piety by having moral civics lesson in schools to infuse the importance of familial commitment .
Lastly , Residual Model policies are in placed to ease the aging process as they act as the last straw of the social safety net when the elderly have inability of self-reliance or no familial support .
For instance , Public Assistance Scheme whereby senior citizens are given cash grants and free treatment at polyclinics and government or restructured hospitals .
Another example will be the Medical Endowment Fund ( Ministry of Health [ MOH ] , 2007 ) , which are known as Medifund and Medifund Silver , whereby elderly are given provision of medical funds due to not having a Medisave or Medishield Account , or who did not accumulate enough in these accounts , or have no immediate family member to pay their hospital bills .
This enables every senior citizen to be able to receive medical attention when needed .
Another argument against these assistance schemes is that these will increase the dependency of the senior citizen on the government as they know that if they will be provided if they have inability to pay for their medical bill .
However , government stresses that these policies do not entitle all citizens to share the same benefits through mean testing , whereby the individuals are accessed according to their financial situation and bill size .
Affordability of a patient is now dictated by the government and patient who is considered not qualified for the fund will end up paying more , this will in turn highlights the importance of self- reliance .
Although there are still flaws in the current policies , shortcoming of one policy can be overcome with other policies and developments .
To a large extent , current policies have help to ease the aging process however it is essentially important that all the policies were put together to have the optimal result as the policies complement each other .
On the whole , Singapore government have not overlooked the underprivileged senior citizens by providing safety net to ensure their basic needs are met .
Therefore , in helping to shape the aging population to age gracefully , Singapore government have constantly emphasised on the importance of self reliance and shunning away from being a welfare state without undermining the familial commitment and work ethnic of the senior citizens .
Aging with grace , are ones with good health and lifestyles , financial stability and coupled with company of family and friends .
More countries are facing the problems brought about by the aging process in the social as well as the economic aspects .
Vaccination has prevented people from getting life-threatening diseases in the past , tuberculosis , which is no longer a big threat today .
Despite the perplexing issues arising in the process of aging , the government has put in much effort in developing policies and aiding in research to alleviate the negative impacts on society .
To increase the number of people in the workforce , countries such as Singapore encourages foreign talent to contribute to her economy .
The government also implemented baby bonus to encourage couples to procreate which would increase labour in the long run .
Reuters ( 2007 ) reported Singapore plans to raise the retirement age for citizens from 62 to 65 by year 2012 to account for the higher life expectancy of the population .
Hence Japan invented robots to replace the lack of manpower due to the aging population .
These robots can also play a role in taking care of the elderly in the future for instance the wheelchairs that operates using buttons can replace humans pushing the wheelchair .
With technological advancements , pressure on economy can be eased .
Elderly are less flexible and their movement is limited especially when they are facing a stage in life when they are more susceptible to suffer from movement-restricting diseases like osteoporosis .
Statistics shown that elderly still engage in exercises and the elderly who take part in tai chi are 47 % less likely to fall down due to the increased balancing ability and confidence .
Moreover , this research also showed that exercises reduced hip fracture rate by 25 % in postmenopausal women .
Despite some elderly being more active than others , most elderly find it difficult to move about .
Therefore the Housing Development Board ( HDB ) in Singapore has proposed to build lifts that stop at every storey in the Life Upgrading Programme .
In addition , more ramps and slopes are to be built to ensure the mobility of wheelchair bound elderly and also the physically disabled .
The government can only implement policies or introduce incentives to encourage individuals to ease the aging process , it is up to the citizens to decide whether they want to take part in helping the economy and society in the long run .
Therefore I strongly agree that much as been done by the government to help ease the aging process .
According to the United Nations statistics , by 2050 , one of every five people will be 60 years old and above and the total number of people who are 60 years old and above is projected to be around 2 billion .
It is a cause for concern , as with more elderly present in the society , it will affect our economic and social development significantly .
Therefore , in most parts of the world , governments are coming up with policies and sponsoring researches to ease the aging process .
Aging process can be eased by increasing birth rates , increased workforce productivity and reduce the physical and psychological aspects of aging .
Currently , governments have helped to ease the aging process in terms of the country 's economic development , social aspects and technological developments .
Firstly , aging population greatly threatens the country 's economic development because with more elderly retiring , the workforce productivity falls sharply .
In Finland , which had the most rapidly aging population in Europe has successfully raised the retirement age from 60.1 to 60.7 in 2004 , together with a pension reform introduced in 2005 to ease pressure on the state pension system .
( Kunz , 2007 ) Another method to increase the workforce productivity is to invite foreign talents and immigrants to stay and work , in order to counter the low birth rate of the country .
For instance , one of the main factors for Spain rising birth rates was due to a huge influx of immigrants from Latin America and North Africa .
( Spain-Demographic Trends ) However , these policies may not be effective because due to the influx of immigrants , locals view foreign workers as a threat and may cause social unrest .
For instance , in Australia , there is a rise of hate crimes against the immigrants .
Even so , employers should hire their employees based on their capability and not nationality in order to avoid such crimes and through this policy , it will increase the country 's competiveness , which will increase the country 's workforce productivity and boost the economy .
Therefore , by increasing the retirement and recruiting immigrants , we have partly eased the economic aspect of aging process .
Also , their children may not be able to take care of their emotional welfare because of their busy career hence they maybe prone to depression .
In addition , the government is trying to encourage companies to hire older workers by providing incentives to it .
By doing so , the elderly will feel more socially accepted and less cases of elderly dying alone in their house .
However , others may disagree that these actions are not effective because educating the young does take a long time especially when the aging problems are pressing at the moment .
It is true that the fruits of education take years to harvest , however according to statistics given , the national volunteerism rate in Singapore has risen from 15.2 to 15.5 in 2006 , this does shows that more people are concerned about the elderly .
However , through education not only the youths will be more accepting of the elderly but also , in the future they will most likely not to practise ageism in workplace and this thinking will be ingrained in the society thus generating positive outcomes .
Therefore , current policies and campaigns are effective in easing the social aspect of aging process .
Moreover , with current technology advancement , we can tackle the physical barriers of aging problems such as low birth rate , increased productivity and reduced physical effects of aging , which may partly attribute to elderly low self-esteem .
Others may argue that the main cause of aging problem is actually longer life span itself .
By doing so , the aged will be more appreciated by the public and also it does help to improve the country 's economy with an increased workforce .
Therefore , having longer life span does help to ease aging process .
Hence , technological advancement does help to ease the economic , social and physical aspects of aging process .
In conclusion , it seems like governments from all over the world are prepared to counter the rising aging population problems .
Although certain measures are not effective immediately , we should continue to support it as it is worth the wait .
There is a saying goes , " Give a man a fish and you feed him for a day .
" By providing the aged with health services and benefits and inviting immigrants can only ease the aging process temporarily .
However , through education by changing people 's mindset , people will be less discerning of the aged and appreciate them more and are more willing to have more children .
Therefore , current research and policies have helped to ease the economic development , social and psychological aspects of aging process .
On the endnote , just remember that eventually every one of us will grow old therefore the effectiveness of these policies greatly concerns us and we should support it .
Thirteen countries which all in developed regions had a median age higher than 40 years in 2005.Heading these countries was Japan with a median age of 43 years ( United Nation Department of Economic and Social Affairs,2007 ) .The aging population results in the increase of public spending on aged .
Government has made adjustment to national budget to increase public spending on aged including expenditure on healthcare , housing , pensions and transportation to cater the need of the aged .
The United States spent $ 2.1 trillion on health care in 2006 but increased to $ 2.26 trillion in a year after which elders have spent far more than children and adults ( The Office of the Artuary of US,n.d .
) .As aging problem is likely to get worse in the future , public spending on aged will be a large proportion in national budget .
Therefore , limitation in public spending on aged is needed as money can be diverted to other development areas .
It establishes a bottom line for public spending to control the budget but does not necessarily mean to have a cut down .
By limiting public spending on aged and diverting money to other areas of development , government can increase economic growth .
There is a large proportion of public spending on aged in national budget due to the fast aging population .
Money can be diverted into other areas which require more budgets such as business .
In fact , there was a significant shrinking in economic which is 3.8 percent in 2008 compared to 4.7 percent in 2007 ( Mussa,2008 ) .By diverting more money into business area , government gives incentives to companies in order to encourages them to explore and invest .
In long run , it will stimulate economic .
It will help to solve unemployment problem .The real unemployment rate is 16 percent including persons who work less than they like and those who have dropped out of labor pool instead of the official jobless rate which was 9.4 percent in July 2009 ( Channel News Asia,2009 ) .
Thus , economic growth will be increased by limiting public spending on aged and diverting money into business area .
Moreover , elderly is not the only layer in our society as public spending on aged should be limited so that money can be spent on children .
Children are considered as foundation of a country as they will grow up to be leaders in the future .
Children need good education and so that they can become well-versed and contribute to country development .
In addition , public commitment to children has been threatened because of increasing spending on the elderly .
According to an analysis was taken in the United States from 1980 to 2000,the number of children living in poverty is almost three times of the number of elderly over the past twenty years ( Organisation for Economic Co-operation Development,n.d .
) .Hence , diversion of money to children should help to improve their living standard .
Some critics argue that limitation to public spending on aged will become a financial burden to low-income families .
Their low wages are only sufficient to afford their household expenses and children school fees .
However , low-income families can still obtain financial aid from government despite limitation to public spending on aged .
Moreover , there is a tendency shows that elders themselves decide to have a longer working lives .
Although they reach the retirement age , they decide to continue working and they will be able to support themselves in the twilight years .
For example , Japanese usually continue working until 70-year-old ( OECD,n.d .
) .They will be able to ensure financially secure by themselves instead of depending on their family .
In conclusion , limitation to public spending on aged and diversion of money to other areas of development should be implemented .
Money diverted into business area will able to stimulate economic growth .
In addition , children are at disadvantages because too much money is spent on elderly .
Despite limitation to public spending on aged , the real needy will still able to obtain financial aid .
The consequences resulted by unlimited increase in public spending will become a financial burden to a country in long run .
Singapore 's life expectancy at birth for males is 78.4 , for females is 83.2 ( SingStats , 2009 ) .
The problems associated with aging process can be categorized into five aspects , namely economics decline , mental agility , health , emotional and social problem .
Among all , economics and social policy aspects are widely discussed in the society .
Although it is impossible to increase the fertility rate in the short run , the problems of aging process is still alleviated by research and effective developments and policies .
On economics aspect , aging population leads to shrinking workforce , low productivity and slow economic growth .
Annual inflation rate of has been increasing from 2.1 to 6.5 from 2007 to 2008 ( SingStat , 2009 ) .
Old age dependency ratio last year was 11.9 ( SingStats , 2009 ) which shows that 11.9 working persons would support one elderly .
Together with the problem of low fertility rate , government encourages Singaporean to work longer to cumulate affluence for future use .
In order to encourage late retirement , Singapore retirement age has been increased from 60 to 62 .
CPF contribution rate for employer has been increased by 1.5 percentage point in 2007 in order for citizen to better prepare for aging problem .
However for older workers , CPF contribution by both employers and employee has also been reduced in order to keep the workers remain competitive and increase their take-home salary ( Channel NewsAsia , 2007 ) .
There are ramps for people using wheelchairs in most of the buildings , toilets and buses are specially designed to accommodate elderly and handicapped .
Singapore social service sector have been taking care for elderly with current housing , healthcare and job support policies .
HDB encourage child live in close proximity with their parents so that child can take care of parents during emergency .
Beside , upgrading of housing lift on every floor would make elderly life easier .
The Healthcare 3Ms , Medicare , MediShield and Medifund also provide subsidies for elderly .
In order to benefit whose who needs help more , subsidy for hospitalization in public hospital has been adjusted so that 60 percent of workers are able to enjoy full subsidy for type C and B2 wards whereas those have higher earning power will receive substantial subsidies for both C and B2 class wards ( Khalik , 2008 ) .
NTUC , WDA and employers have worked on the Job Re-creation Programme ( JRP ) to recreate and redesign jobs targeting older workers and provide training opportunities for them to take up new job openings .
Besides , SPUR focus on retraining for older workers whereas ADVANTAGE !
Opponents of this position will argue that healthcare cost is still the main problem for aging population .
Medisave account may not be sufficient for many Singaporeans once they need to pay the medical bills for their parents , spouse and children .
Although most of the Singaporean have to pay for not only their own medical bills , there are other subsidy schemes which may lesser their financial burden .
Elderly will receive monthly cash payout therefore their children 's Medisave account can use to pay for their own bill .
Other than that , Interim Disability Assistance Programme for the Elderly ( IDAPE ) and Primary Care Partnership ( PCPS ) are other subsidy schemes available .
To summarize , government encourage later retirement in order to reduce elderly dependency and implement social policy such as subsidy on housing medical fee .
At the same time , more and more facilities are designed to meet the needs of elderly and disability .
Therefore , current research and policies are able to cater most of the needs of Singaporean to prepare for aging problem .
Also , individual have to keep fit to reduce the probability of getting ill in order to avoid expensive medical bill at older age .
However , the world must address yet another dire issue an ageing population .
Such cost even micrify the impact of the recent financial crisis .
However leaders of the world have stepped up measures to combat this unforgiving phenomenon .
Ongoing researches and implementations are initiated to allow the world to accept such emergence comfortably .
Reducing elder dependency is one way in which governments can take into consideration in tackling the worrying phenomenon of a greying population .
In the past , the elderly are often labelled as slow and inefficient .
Therefore the elderly should not be deprived of employment by providing more incentives for employers to attract such workers and help for those seeking employment opportunities .
Under the Main Upgrading Project ( MUP ) , grab- bars in the bathroom and non-slip floor tiles have been installed in upgraded sold flats .
However , there are many ways in which governments can compensate the falling birth rate .
Longer paid maternity leave , more child- care leave and greater incentives for working mothers are some possible corrections to the problem .
Although this may increase the government 's expenditure , it is a necessary investment for the better future of the country .
For many decades , the world has been taking a lot of beatings .
From economic crisis in 1997 to uncontrolled viral spread such as H1N1 pandemic in 2008 , the world survived all these obstacles .
On hand , the repercussions of an ageing population are tirelessly being subdued by various helpful and effective solutions .
Nonetheless with many support in place , the future of world may not be as bleak as before .
Aging is a difficult process as the elderly are more incline to get sick because of lower immune system and having to recuperate longer would be financially draining .
Under the seniority based-wage system , it 's more expensive to hire older workers and along with the perception that older workers are inefficient , it resulted in low employment rate among the elderly ( Lee , 2009 , para .
However , policies on the aged in Singapore have significantly help to reduce the problems they faced .
In recent years , the Ministry of Manpower have been working closely with its tripartite partners to enhance employability of the older workers ( as cited in NTUC , 2007 ) .
Coming in 2012 , the government will enact the re-employment legislation to enable elderly to work beyond the retirement age of 62 ( as cited in Re-Employment of Older Workers Portal , 2008 ) .
This is preferred than increasing the retirement age because a higher retirement age might cause older workers to be less employable as they are no longer cost competitive and resulting of them being layoff even before they are 62 ( cited in MOM , 2008 ) .
With re- employment , employers can provide jobs to their mature workers and also offer them a different job position with different salary and terms .
In terms of healthcare , the government have come out with a few financial assistance schemes to ensure that the citizens are able to afford healthcare and are prepared during their old age .
Other than the basic healthcare financing schemes like Medisave , Medishield and Medifund , the government had come out with another scheme called 'Elder Scheme' .
Other than financial schemes , the government also provide subsidies for patients who require intermediate and long term care .
The subsidies given could be as much as 75 % of the total bills depending on the family income and it 's extended to community hospitals ( as cited in MOH , 2007 ) .
However , even with all of these policies and subsidies , there is no guarantee that the elderly is able to pay for all of their living expenses .
It 's essential that they learn how to not only manage their wealth but also expand it so that when they choose to stop working , they would have enough money to pay for their necessities and have enough for any unexpected expenses .
To ensure that its citizen will be financially prepared when they reach their retirement age , the Central Provident Fund Board ( CPF ) have came out with a learning portal called 'Retirement Ready @ my cpf ' to help citizens to plan for their retirement ( as cited in CPF , 2009 ) .
Clearly the government and its related agencies have been working hard to help easing the aging process through many of its policies .
Through it , the elderly not only will be able to continue working , they also need not worry much on their health expenses .
Singapore is facing a shift in distribution of population towards greater ages , where the median age of population faces an increase , and a decline in fertility rates , resulting in a rise in the number of elderly in Singapore .
Aging impacts a person 's well being in many ways , with both psychological and physical changes , including chronic diseases associated with aging .
The labour age composition has thus shift towards the older workers , where implications towards the competitiveness of Singapore 's economy will occur , especially if older workers do not make significant contribution to the productivity growth in the economy ( Thangavelu , Yong , 2006 ) .
Hence more support and care for the aged should be provided which in turn will pose a strain to the younger generation .
This has reflected the importance for each individual to have the ability to support themselves through their golden years .
Facing high cost of living , Singapore has moved up from the 13th position in 2008 to the 10th in 2009 , in the worldwide cost of living ranking ( Mercer , 2009 ) , especially for the medical cost , where each household spend an increasing amount of expenditure in health care , with 3.3 % in 1998 to 5.1 % in 2003 ( Singstats , 2007 ) , and is expected to further increase in the future years , with more aged citizens in Singapore .
Singaporeans have recognized the need to prepare for aging in terms of escalating medical costs , thus net withdrawal of Medisave scheme , including Eldershield , has dropped to 213.6 million in 2009 , and Medishield scheme of 62.5 million ( CPF , 2009 ) .
Singapore has not only faced with aging population resulted from low fertility rates , but also longer life expectancy for individuals .
With rising life expectancy , given only 2.5 % of annual interest in the Central Provident Fund ( CPF ) , and with most funds in the CPF used to fund housing or tertiary education , the CPF figure left is no longer sufficient to last through retirement ( OCBC , 2005 ) .
" The best way for people to adjust to longer life spans is to continue working for as long as they can " ( PM Lee , 2009 ) , as working provides a source of income , more savings can thus be build up .
Increasing the retirement age is insufficient to encourage individuals to work longer , hence the Re-employment policy will be enact in 2012 .
In order to ensure that older workers are not at disadvantage , Singapore established schemes such as smaller CPF contributions to the aged ( CPF , 2009 ) , as well as the Advantage !
Critics of the approach on lowered CPF contribution rates for older workers have argued that it is unnecessary , as 63 % of the respondents felt that " seniors are not weak and ill " , 87 % felt that " senior citizens can play an active role in society " ( C3A , 2008 ) .
Therefore to make the aged more employable , there is a need to move away from seniority-wage system and reduce the CPF rates .
In conclusion , people are living longer resulting from better medical facilities , with the policies introduced to help ease the aging process , Singaporeans will be able to keep themselves occupied before formal retirement , and to be able to build up their retirement nest and retire in comfort .
Through amelioration and subsidizing of healthcare and public facilities the process of aging population has been eased .
Over the last 5 years , Singapore government health expenditure for the citizens has increased from $ 1.53 billion in year 2002 , to $ 1.93 billion in year 2006 which is an average growth rate of 6 % per annum ( as cited in Ministry of Health , 2007 ) .
Through the increment on healthcare expenditure , we can see that the government is bringing in better technologies and putting the focus on the Singaporeans ' health .
With advance healthcare facilities , preventing or curing of diseases are made possible .
One of the most common diseases associated with the old age is the Senile Dementia , where the patient encounters mental deterioration ( loss of intellectual ability ) .
Studies show that of all people over 80 , 20 % suffers from Alzheimer ( as cited in health-cares.net , 2005 ) .
For instance , the researchers have invented medications such as tacrine and donepezil which are used by patients with mild to moderate Alzheimer 's disease ( as cited in health-cares.net , 2005 ) .
Singapore being one of the fastest aging populations in the world , with the estimation of 23 % of the population to be over 65-year-olds by the year 2030 , there is a need for more hospitals to be built to meet the needs of the aging population ( as cited in Singapore faces 'silver tsunami ' , 2009 ) .
Hence , Jurong General Hospital which will be up in five years and Khoo Teck Puat Hospital which will be up next year will be linked to a community hospital next door .
This is to ensure that older people will have the right health care treatment at the right place and in return helps them to cut costs ( as cited in The Straits Times , 2009 ) .
It is understandable that older people often require more medical care , but they need not remain in hospital for this care .
In June 2006 , Singapore Bus Services ( SBS ) transit launches Singapore 's First Ever Wheelchair accessible buses - Service 21 ( as cited in SBS transit , 2006 ) .
In conjunction , another public transport operator Singapore Mass Rapid Transit ( SMRT ) came up with its first wheelchair-friendly buses on June 2009 ( as cited in Wheelchair-friendly bus , 2009 ) .
Even with government subsidies and paying through their CPF they might still find it hectic to handle hefty medical bills .
Hence , even a small family with a monthly income of $ 10,000 might also find it difficult to cope with a big hospital bill , if they have to support one or two elderly people with chronic illness ( as cited in The Straits Times , 2004 ) .
Hence , policy such as senior citizens ' bonus the where lower-income elderly aged 55 and above with an annual income of $ 100,000 or less will receive $ 200 to $ 1000 over a period of 4 years ( as cited in GST Offset Package , 2009 ) to lighten the burden of lower income families .
There is no need to worry as statistic shows that direct subsidies to patients have increase from $ 850 million in 2001 to $ 1.6 billion in 2007 and it is project to increase to $ 2.2 billion in 2012 ( as cited in Ministry of Health , 2009 ) .
In conclusion , amelioration and subsidizing of healthcare and public facilities has eased the aging population .
Therefore , maintaining a healthy lifestyle , saving up for the future and contribute monthly to their CPF account assist the citizen for in a better retirement and lower their economic burden .
Easing Aging Process in Singapore
Singapore society 's aging process brings on numerous set of challenges for the government .
The effects of aging process in Singapore are as follows .
First , economic decline would occur as the size of the working force shrinks .
Second , decline in the citizen 's health due to weaker immunity system and age related illness .
Third , social problems brought on by the living environment .
Therefore , the government has embarked on reforming its older policies and implementing new ones to cater to and prepare for the trend of population aging in Singapore .
For the purpose of this essay , the focus would be on Singapore 's policies to ease the aging process on economic and social problems .
When one works , it helps one to stay mentally aware , physically energetic , socially connected and financially independent .
Re-employment is one of their key goals .
Accordingly the constitutional retirement age of 62 would be increased eventually to 67 ( Yap , 2009 ) .
Policies have not only been implemented in anticipation of the aging process but also in reaction to the external factors like the global recession .
In reaction to the economic downturn , Skills Programme for Upgrading and Resilience ( SPUR ) amounting to $ 600 million was started in November 2008 ( Yap , 2009 ) .
However , in evident of the above policies , Singapore was the only Asian country which won the AARP International Innovative Employer Award ( Yap , 2009 ) .
The award is given to companies in countries for showing innovative Human Resource practices that deal with matters related to the workforce , age 50 and older ( Yap , 2009 ) .
Also by the end of 2008 , 700 unionised companies have already committed to re-employ close to 5,000 workers above the age of 62 ( Yap , 2009 ) .
The statistics show that the reemployment is a useful tool and the government 's policies have had a positive impact on the companies .
This benefit is not limited only to employed workers but unemployed workers also can turn SPUR to sharpen their skills while they search for jobs .
Moving on , Singapore wants for its seniors , even the less mobile to have a safe and accessible environment .
However , since July 2006 , HDB 's new public housing projects are built are all people ( Yap , 2009 ) .
For example , switches and sockets low enough to be accessible from a wheelchair and toilets being wide enough and having hand rails .
It has also gained recognition in local and abroad .
When Singapore 's Ministry of Finance unveiled the government budget for 2009 , it is stated that an estimated total of S $ 66 million or 0.15 % of the total government expenditure will be spent on establishing various programs and upgrading facilities for the elderly ( Singapore Budget 2009 , 2009 ) .
As the problem of aging population intensifies throughout the years , there will always be a debate on how much of the public spending should be allocated to the aged .
A sustained economic growth improves the level of business activities , ensures low unemployment rate and increases government tax revenue .
More funds is thus available to finance additional projects for the needy including the aged .
This will inevitably constrict the public spending on the aged due to a smaller pool of resources .
This is because the elderly have once contributed to the country 's economy and their well-being should not be overlooked when they aged and unable to work .
For example , one feasible policy is to encourage companies to provide extra training for the older workers to stay in touch with the advancing technology , thus increasing their working lifespan disregarding health factors .
Also , there are ongoing medical research on senile dementia and Parkinson 's disease .
Everybody will grow old and is bound to experience the effects of it at one point in their life .
Only through research and development will we be able to gain knowledge on the issues circling them and come up with ways to overcome it .
For example , the development of humanoid robots in Japan which promises to free us from physical labor and help us with our household chores such as folding laundry , doing the dishes , cooking , etc ( Adams , 2004 ) .
Another R&D policy that has played a role in easing the aging process includes buses that are elderly and handicapped friendly .
These new buses are also low floor and zero stepped enabling easy boarding and alighting for the elderly and handicapped ( SBS Transit , 2007 ) .
Apart from research and development , policies with regards to ageing population have also help to ease the ageing process .
One such program is the Lift Upgrading Program where the lifts will now land on every floor as compared to the past where not all public housing are provided with the accessibility to lifts .
This does not only benefit the elderly , but the disabled as well as families with young children ( Housing and Development Board , 2001 ) .
In addition to this program , HDB has also come up with policy which encourages children to live in close proximity to their parents .
In light of the increased awareness and growing importance of palliative care , demand for it has increase .
For example there is a rose in the number of patient referrals to Dover Park Hospice from 680 in 2006 to 750 in 2008 ( " Lifting Spirits " , 2009 , p. 13 ) .
By becoming more affordable , it helps to ease the financial burden of the patient and their family .
To conclude , research and development/policies have no doubt manage to ease the aging process but on top of that , palliative care also has a role to play in relieving suffering and improving the quality of life for people facing serious illness .
The current research and development as well as the policies drawn are effective in alleviating the ageing process such as declining in health , economic downturn and the emotional problem of the elderly .
In this aspect , some critics argued that development in the medical field does not aid in the ageing process .
The Singapore government will provide up to 75 % subsidy for the elderly provided that they are either Singapore citizens or permanent resident and this also depends on the income of the family ( Ministry of Health : Subsidies for elderly , 2007 ) .
Hence , the policy is able to ease the ageing process of deteriorating health of the elderly .
Current research in the medical field is conducted to find out the causes and cures for common aged illnesses such as senile dementia and Parkinson 's disease .
When such research is successful , it will benefit humanity and better the medical treatments in the world .
This will decrease the suffering of the elderly , making them less susceptible to diseases and thus helping to abate the ageing process .
Scheme ' was implemented in 2005 ; some companies such as the retail and logistics have adopted it to help them recruit and retain workers aged 62 and above ( Ministry of Manpower , 2007 ) .
They will have a disbursement of grant if they live in the same town , or 2 kilometers apart from each other if they are to stay in different towns ( Housing Development Board , 2009 ) .
In conclusion , the research conducted to discover more about the illnesses of the elderly and the policies implemented which provide subsidies as well as schemes to aid the elderly , will help to ameliorate the ageing process .
An ageing population will still be a problem in time to come .
Family might be a better solution to abate the process , as they are the main emotional and financial support for the elderly .
An elderly is an irreplaceable and valuable source of asset that acts like glue which holds families together .
Being one of the fastest aging populations in Asia ( Chan , 2001 ) , Singapore faces a huge challenge in developing infrastructures and public policies in terms of healthcare , housing , re- training , transportation and financial aid to accommodate this changing age structure .
In context of Singapore , the aged above 65-years old are projected to represent 23 % of the population by 2030 and this would be the second highest percentage in Asia after Japan ( Wijaya , 2009 ) .
The repercussions following the aging population would be social and economy concerns as the younger generations would have to struggle to support their families .
Therefore , the society should be aware of its situation and address to this problem before it becomes a severe issue for the country .
Subsequently , public spending on the different policies and infrastructures would benefit the society and support the economy in the long run .
The different policies include financial aspects like the reinforcement of individual savings through the mandatory Central Provident Fund which help the population save for old age ( Central Provident Fund Board , 2009 ) .
In relations to healthcare , Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong stated in his National Day Rally Speech ( Channel News Asia , 2009 ) regarding the development of step-down care and the strengthening of 3Ms ( Medisave , Medishield and Medifund ) .
These policies would eventually apply to all individual as aging is part of a human cycle .
Furthermore , it is recently announced that the government is spending millions to encourage more people to upgrade or learn new skills by building training centres and providing training programmes ( Channel News Asia , 2009 ) .
The government will also introduce the legislation in re-employment by 2012 ( Ministry of Manpower , 2008 ) where the older workers are able to remain active in the workforce for a longer period and save more money for their retirement .
Critics may argue that the aging ones will eventually pass on ; hence the society should focus on the younger generations as they are the talent pool of the country .
scholarships , awards ) , technology , research and development would be vital .
As in the end , these young talents would be the ones supporting the economy .
Hence , it is a moral obligation to care for the aged and not forget the roots of how the country has come thus far .
This would also be considered an ethical teaching to be cultivated in each individual on the importance in being socially responsible .
All in all , it is important that the government address to the needs and issues of the aging population .
More public spending on the aged is critical as these expenditures on implementation of policies or infrastructures would be an advantage to all .
With a paradigm shift in many countries towards a greying population , many governments are confronted with a responsibility of implementing policies that assist the ageing process .
Different countries respond to this problem differently and the ease at which the elderly are living their lives is evidence of the creative policies that many governments have introduced to benefit them .
As countries face the daunting task of ensuring that the needs of their elderly population are met , Singapore is not spared .
Shockingly , the age-support ratio has declined from 10.4 in 1998 to 8.4 in 2008 , resulting in the challenge that the current caregiver generation has fewer or no siblings with whom to share the burden .
Thus , the government has to critically consider these worrying demographic changes and allocates a satisfactory portion of the national budget to lighten the burden of the caregiver generation .
According to the national survey conducted in 2005 , more than half ( 65.9 % ) of the elderly population aged 55 and above were economically inactive .
It is reported that the government will be raising the current retirement age of 62 to 65 by 2012 and ultimately to 67 and has also made amendments to the Retirement Age Act which increases the employability of elderly workers .
( Peterson , 2001 ) However , the first barrier to starting a family among Singaporeans is the sky-high costs associated .
Just the housing policy alone affects the young couples ' choices .
During the process of house-hunting , the initial excitement to starting a family among couples starts to fade .
Bigger families require bigger homes at steep prices which force couples to reconsider about the decision to have more children .
Making matters worse , if the retirement costs and providing for aged parents are added into the equation , having children will be the last thing on the couples ' minds .
Last but not least , the strategy about emphasizing filial obligation and increasing the willingness of grown children ( Peterson , 2001 ) is not an easy feat .
It is heartening to read that almost fourth-fifth of the elderly ( 76.4 % in 2005 ) lived with their children .
In fact , there are some parents who do not welcome the prospect of having unmarried children in their 30s living with them as they have a perception that living with more people under the same roof require some sacrifice of personal space and freedom .
The truth lies in the fact that singles under the age of 35 are not eligible to purchase resale flats and are not able to move out of " Hotel Mama " their parents ' flat .
In any event when the government cuts down or eliminate welfare benefits due to rising elderly-related expenditure , it ought to bear in mind the net effects of such actions ( Friedland and Summer , 2005 ) .
Bringing the issue closer to the government , the confidence level inflicted on the government by the citizens will plummet and they would rather render their support for opposition parties .
In essence , while the education and defence still remains as the government 's priority , it does not simply mean that expenditure for elderly welfare can be diverted into other areas .
Nowadays , " ills of old age " is no longer a topic that " only poets and philosophers " would interest in .
Although problems related to aging population become increasingly severe , with more important priority , governments should limit the spending on aging population .
This is because of three reasons : an increasing spending in dealing with problems in regard to aging population would probably affect other objectives with higher priority ; government can not solve the " ills of old age " alone ; and the cost of " unlimit " the spending on aging population can not justify the benefits in the long run .
Firstly , with limited budget , unlimited government spending on aging population would severely affect the economic developmentat first priority of most governments ' objectives .
While someone may argues that financial support to the elders offered by a government should be increased regardless of other objectives with higher priority so long as there is need in concord with public moral standards , this could in fact weaken a government 's capacity in taking care of the elders in the future .
Since the tax is the main resource of governments ' revenue , and the tax base could hardly be increased in short run , overspending limited budget on retirement welfare for the time being means less investing in improving infrastructure , and developing advanced technology , which could greatly accelerate economic development in the long run .
In that case , governments would have less financial flexibility due to the relatively smaller scale of economy with less tax revenue generated by limited scale of workforce .
In real life , the shrinking workforce caused by aging population has contributed to a significant decline in real GDP in some developed countries such as French and Germany .
This means that the capacity that these governments have to support aging population in the long run would eventually be weakened due to a lower budget .
Secondly , the answer to the problem with regard to aging population should be the cooperation between the elders themselves and the government , not simply by given priority in terms of unlimited government spending .
For example , government could help in training elders and engaging them with more jobs .
By doing so , government spending on aging population could be effectively reduced .
Meanwhile , governments could invest more money in economic development , which is at governments ' first priority , and generate more revenue to support the aging population in the future though a larger scale of economy instead of an unlimited percentage increase in government spending .
These goals could not be achieved with most of the budget transferred to take care of the elders in the short run .
The problem in regard to aging population would eventually be eased through more financial support generated from a larger scale of economy instead of increasing percentage cost of budget and participation of the elders themselves .
Increase in the population of aging group implies there will be more government spending on the old aged .
If the population of aging group is still expanding , the national budget will soon be drained up by supporting the old aged group with welfare treatment .
The nation will be affected if this continues changes .Therefore , government should amend the policy by limiting public spending on the aged so that money can be diverted to other areas of the country 's development which will benefit the nation .
In my opinion , limited public spending on the aged enables the government to divert the money to other areas for country development for a bigger picture .
For example , the money can be used to support researches such as research on hybrid seeds plant .
There are critics about the act of government spend more money on country development will set aside the welfare of aging group .
However , if the government spends more money on the aging group , the country development will become stagnant and imbalance as there is a lack of fund to run country development projects .
Whereas , if the public spending is diverted to other areas for country 's development , the nation including the old aged will both gain benefits from the country development and economic growth .
Besides that , there are other groups of population who need more money than the elder which are the orphans , the handicapped and others .
Often , the handicapped can hardly make a stand in applying for job if they are to compete with the others because of their physical weaknesses and lack of living skills .
The public spending will come in handy to support their living .
Some may argue that the old aged need more money as they are unable to earn income to support their living .
However , the old aged are still be able to involve in the work field by extending their working lives and accumulate wealth for their latter years .
In a contrast , the handicapped can hardly get a job not to mention that they can accumulate wealth through working .
Thereby , public spending should be diverted to other areas to help the needy and unfortunate .
Furthermore , limited public spending on the elderly can encourage the grown children to take up their filial responsibility .
If the government reduce public spending on elders , elders whose living cost depends on the public spending have to rely on their children support .
In the past , the elder have worked hard to raise their children and provide the best for their children .
There may be opposing view which claims that the grown children do not have much money to support the elderly as they have their own family living to support .
Nevertheless , the grown children can actually do some adjustment to their monthly expenditure by practicing cost saving to have sufficient money to support their own family and their elder 's living cost .
Examples include a need to build facilities that are elderly-friendly and heavy subsidizing of their medical fees due to their poor health and low income .
It is only right that the government take care of them , and spend vast amounts of money on them with no questions asked .
Other than the government spending on them , there are other alternatives which can be implemented to remedy the situation .
Firstly , it is through stressing filial obligation and increasing the willingness of tomorrow 's grown children , however numerous or productive they are , to support their own elderly parents through informal and familial channels .
The government should give incentives to children that live near their parents , such as cheaper housing , or give priority to them when allocating flats .
Therefore , if more funds are diverted to it instead of the elderly , there is no doubt that the country will experience tremendous economic growth and be prosperous .
Spending on the elderly is necessary , but it could be done on a ration basis .
There are also other available alternatives which could be implemented to deal with the medical needs of the elderly , such as the stressing of filial obligations and the introduction of retirement schemes .
In a survey conducted by Manpower Incorporated , 40 % of global leaders felt that ageing population was to be one of the most crucial problems in the future ( AARP Multinational Survey of Opinion Leaders 2006 , March 2007 ) .
Firstly , governments have reduced the dangers of ageing population by encouraging retirees to participate actively in volunteering ( MCYS Media Release No .
As a result , there has been a rising trend of senior volunteers over the years .
According to the Singapore 's Ministerial Committee on Ageing ( MCA ) , employment of Singapore citizens aged 55 to 64 increased from 53.7 % in 2006 to 56.2 % in 2007 ( MCYS Media Release No .
As a result , Singaporean working males aged 60 to 64 increased from 49 % in 1996 to 63 % in 2006 , while those of females increased from 15 % to 26 % ( Ministry of Manpower Press Release , 22/2/07 ) .
The ageing process brings to mind deteriorating health situation which requires lots of medical attention .
This would lead to emotional problems , where elderly feels like the " leftover of society " .
Singapore has looked into the development of infrastructures to create a barrier free society for the elderly .
The main areas of concerns were the Housing Development Board ( HDB ) precincts and public transports island wide .
Firstly , the government had launched the Lift Upgrading Programme for the benefit of flat owners without direct access to lifts .
Next , new buses are now designed low-floor , step-free and wheelchair accessible .
According to the Committee of Aging Issues ( CAI ) , a barrier free environment is important to allow senior citizens live independently and move out into the community to participate actively in society ( CAI , 2006 ) .
In recognition of what the government had done , people begin to ask if these improvements could really ease the ageing process .
We can not deny that they require more response time and have certain constraints in physical movements .
For example , from young school teaches civic and moral education to educate us on how to take care of elderly , to be patient with them , to respect them and even offer help to them .
Television programs such as Crime Watch also increases the knowledge of elderly to be vigilant to conmen and to prevent crime by not wearing excessive valuables .
It not only keeps the elderly mind active , it also helps to cope financially with rising medical costs and brings in self-satisfaction for being able to contribute to the society .
Secondly , CAI emphasizes on having strong family ties across generations to ensure that the family continues to be the first line of support .
This is essential to the elderly as they will not feel so helpless and unwanted .
Lastly , the Government have also encouraged activities and interactions by setting up elderly corners under void decks with facilities such as chess tables .
The aim is to prevent elderly from shutting themselves out of the society resulting to mind-robbing Alzheimer 's disease .
With the development of infrastructure and medical field as mentioned above , these problems are better coped .
The aging population has been an ongoing problem on the countries over the world .
This shows that more attention is required for the aging population so as to prepare the society in embracing these elderly in the near future .
Hence , the public spending on the aged should not be limited and to be spent on other areas of the country 's development as the money is needed for the healthcare and financial aspect for the aged .
As one gets older , they are more vulnerable to illness which explains the need of spending on the healthcare industry .
In the CIA factbook ( 2009 ) , the life expectancy for Singapore is 81.98 years which is ranked fourth in the world .
This means that the aged would live longer and drain their families and their own savings as the hospital fees are costly and thus more subsidies are required ( Friedland & Summer , 2005 , p.g.17 ) .
These screenings can also help to identify potential health problems that they might have and get them to seek treatment before it worsens and disrupt their daily activities .
Hence , spending on elderly healthcare is necessary as it helps to educate the elderly on the importance of healthy lifestyle while reducing the burden on the elderly and their family for the costly healthcare services .
Therefore , retraining is needed for the elderly as through these retraining , they can upgrade their skills and adapt to the demanding working environment to save up for the future and contribute to the economy .
Hence , spending on pension and retraining for the elders is essential and should not be limited as it aids them in being financially independent after retirement .
Education plays an important part in the country development and growth as it helps in nurturing the young who are the country 's future .
Nevertheless , the Ministry of Finance ( 2009 ) had stated that they are planning to provide quality education by setting aside $ 4.4 billion for basic education for the young and $ 3.5 billion for the higher education like the polytechnics and universities .
This is in hope of improving education sector and nurture the young better for the future of Singapore .
In conclusion , spending on the aged should not be limited due the costly healthcare expenses and limited retirement saving for the future .
These expenditures can help to improve the lifestyle of elderly and being healthy the elderly will be able to prolong their retirement which in turn helps in improving the economic .
Large amount of money is diverted to the R&D ( Research & Development ) sector to give Singapore a competitive edge over its competitors .
Well known welfare states such as Germany and Denmark do not necessarily do better or worse off economically than countries who have limited social expenditure such as Japan .
From this statistic , we can draw that it is also possible for Singapore to learn from these success stories and increase welfare expenditure while achieving economic growth at the same time .
Singapore is practicing the open market policy thus being more susceptible to external factors .
Unlike China who has abundance in labour , Singapore on the other hand has little natural resources and is unable to compete with China on a large scale .
Teach a man to fish and you feed him for a lifetime " This is especially true for the senior citizens whose skills are outdated in the current society but has an able body to earn an income for themselves .
Senior citizens possess a large amount of experience which are valuable to the younger generation now , thus they are more of an asset than a liability .
" For every working adult in Singapore , He/She has to support 8.4 elderly Residents aged 65 years and above ( Ministry of Community Development , Youth and Sports [ MCYS ] 2008 ) .
Thus with different government 's goals , the solution will adjusted to suit the country .
Most importantly , is the care and concern from the family which is vital to the well being of the elderly .
Those designs include the manoeuvring space for wheel chair bound elderly , visuals and vibration door bells for elderly with hearing impairment and additional safety features like emergency bell in toilets .
All this features will enhance the life of elderly as they can perform daily duties with ease .
These also allow the elderly to be independent as they no longer need to rely on other 's help with their daily life .
It is an important innovation by the transport company , as it showcases its determination to improve the local transport facilities to facilitate the transportation for the ones with special needs .
With the new technology , traffic lights will detect elderly that 's still crossing the roads and adjust the timing accordingly .
With this system in place , lesser traffic accidents involving slower moving elderly are expected , as it allows elderly to finish crossing before the drivers are signalled to go .
Preliminary rounds of test involving 30 elderly pedestrians shows that the new system is welcomed by the elderly .
Local technology company ALCOM recently came out with the elderly friendly GSM mobile phone during the COMEX 2009 .
Big key pads , easy call and hang up buttons , basic SMS functions and Phonebook memory .
The SOS button behind the phone will provide instant access to their family members in time of emergencies .
Despite numerous efforts to ease the process of ageing , government agencies seems to forgot about the basic survival requirements for the elderly .
Most of the above technologies came with a price , and not having enough cash for the elderly are effectively cutting off all their access to the aids provided for them .
Together with the increase of unemployment rates in Singapore , it presents a worrying trend of its citizen entering the retirement age of their life .
Understanding the needs of its citizen , Housing Development Board ( HDB ) introduced the " Lease Buyback Scheme " in March 2009 ( HDB Info Web , 2009 ) .
Current Research and Developments like the Home improvement designs from BCA , elderly - friendly buses from SBS transit , RFID traffic lights from LTA and GSM phones from ALCOM all hopes to achieve the ultimate target of an easier life for the elderly .
In this economic driven society , taking too much of the public 's resources to support the elderly does not bore well for the future of the country .
Therefore , placing a cap on the public spending to support the aged should be implemented .
For example , the education for our youths , the nurturing of the country 's youth is more important as these are the people who will eventually be the ones to carry the responsibility of maintaining the economical state of the country and to ensure a brighter future for her people .
A total budget of $ 8,701 million has been voted to MOE in FY2009 ( Singapore Budget , 2009 ) , most of which goes into the subsiding of school fees for local students .
This ensures that Singapore youngsters get a chance at education despite their financial status .
Therefore funds should go into the upbringing of the people whom are able to drive the country forward in the future .
Another development sector in which Singapore directs most of its funds is to our defenses .
Their contribution to the society should at least be recognized and to a certain extend rewarded for .
Some may argue that the incentives given by the government now are more than enough , however the amount of elderly people with no homes are still alarming till date .
If the government was doing enough , no elderly should be seen sleeping on chairs in parks they should be instead living comfortably in their homes enjoying the fruits of their labor .
Thus by limiting the funds in this sector , would mean restrictions placed around how much can be done to help these people .
On the other hand , as mentioned , in this economic driven world , it would be impractical to focus our finances on the people whom are no longer efficient in what they used to do .
The country will simply be burden by placing more funds into rewarding or simply sustaining the elderly .
They should have had savings in either the form of cash or CPF to sustain them , alongside with subsides from the government to helps loosen the dependency on others for help .
There is too much human factor involved when it comes to whether elders should get more funds to help them cope in their later days , which should not be part of any equation when other development sectors can benefit instead .
In sum , the limitation of public spending on the elderly and diverting them to other developments would serve well in driving the country forward .
On one hand it is only moral that they are well taken cared because of the fact that they are the ones who contributed to the society before a new generation took over , while on the other by allocating more public spending on them would hinder the growth of the country as a whole .
Trading the future for the past simply is not a practical choice .
Singapore has one of the fastest aging populations in the world , with people over 65-year-olds estimated by 2030 to make up 23 % of the population , making Singapore the country with the second highest percentage in Asia just behind Japan ( Asia Times , 2009 ) .
Some people think that the government has moral obligation to do all that it can to support the elderly .
The high standard of living in many developed countries causes greater difficulties for working adult to support their parents ' medical expenses and still take care of their children 's needs .
In addition , rising medical cost makes it more imperative for elderly to receive help in order to support their medical needs in the future .
However this is not a practicable solution .
Some examples are the invention of robot that is able to do household chores and the modification of public buses that can accommodate the elderly and the handicapped .
In 2009 , more than a quarter of the country 's expenditure , or $ 11.4 billion , had been directed to defence - an increase of 5.6 per cent over previous year 's budget ( Singapore Budget , 2009 ) .
This has shown the importance the government place on the Singapore defence .
Military spending should strive to be one of the top priorities of the government as it concerns the safety and security of everybody in Singapore .
In summation , it is important that the government continue to provide financial assistance for the elderly due to the increasing number senior citizen .
The 'greying of society ' has become a serious issue for several developing and developed countries in the world today .
There are several detriments of this issue that prove to be a cause for concern and public spending is seen as one of the ways to curb the problems .
For example , in Singapore , the economy has been projected to shrink by 6.4 to 9.6 % ( T , 2009 ) .
Therefore to ensure effective public spending , funds should be channelled into several other economical and social aspects of the country 's development by limiting spending on the aged .
Therefore , firstly , money should be diverted into the economic sector , namely stimulation of the domestic economy .
Assistant schemes such as the 'GST ' offsets , rebates , service and conservancy charge rebates serve to act as a stimulus for the country in hope that the people will spend more to keep the economy afloat .
However on the other hand , critics argue that the economic growth alone does not dictate a country 's development .
But if this spending can be alternatively channelled into other sectors of the country 's development , such as infrastructure and domestic economy as mentioned above , the country will achieve long-run success and stability .
Hence the demographics of a country alone , does not determine its destiny .
Therefore , public spending should be spent on a country 's economical development .
Public spending on education accounts for 19.3 % of the total budget and is second in terms of priority in spending succeeding defence ( Singapore Budget , 2006 ) .
Hence a knowledge based economy will propel the nation into societal development .
Hence , public spending on the economy and aspects of society outweigh spending on the aged as money can be better utilized elsewhere for a country 's development .
The issue of graying population was highlighted in Mehta and Wee ( 2004 ) that one out of four Singaporeans will be 60 years and above by 2030 .
In other words , there will be a significant portion of the nation 's populace being a senior citizen in the near future .
To facilitate the aging process , the Singapore government has since build on existing policies as well as develops new ones that are pertinent to the current society .
First and foremost , as Ministry of Community Development , Youth and Sports has announced , a law was revised in 1996 for aged parents to seek maintenance from their children , who are competent of supporting them and yet unwilling to do so .
In this aspect , the government is entirely supportive of children fulfilling the filial obligations .
The law advocates for adult children to care for their aged folks instead of leaving them alone by themselves to integrate with the society and figure about survival .
This was further supported by Peterson ( 2001 ) who has also brought up the concept of children 's responsibility in sustaining elderly parents .
Secondly , the Central Provident Fund ( CPF ) was wittingly devised as a social safety net for every Singaporean adult and his or her family members who are reliant .
In the society , there is still a fraction who remain jobless or whose job do not have a steady contribution to the CPF .
This means to say upon retirement , there will be those who are not entitled to receive a fixed amount monthly or be subsidized partially for their health disbursement .
To make things worse , treating of illnesses goes beyond long hospital stays , it stretches on to after being discharge as well as the need for rehabilitation , medication and the list goes on .
Unfortunately , amidst the other expenditures such as housing rentals and utilities bills , families usually opt to decline treatments or even ignore their chronically illed parents .
On the other side of the coin , as in Mehta and Wee ( 2004 ) , PAP government has promised that no Singaporean will be deprived of basic hospital care even if he or she is incapable of affording it .
Thus , a MediFund scheme which is not part of CPF and is non-contributory was produced .
The fund is out from the government budgetary surpluses .
Additionally , Government has also provided a sum of $ 30 million for National Council of Social Services ( NCSS ) and those under its umbrella to execute a range of social services .
Social workers are also plant in the society who can direct families to appropriate helpline for instance , the rent and utilities assistance scheme ( RUAS ) whenever the need arises .
Therefore , in any areas which individuals require assistance be it medical affairs or retirement issues , there is always a policy or two which one can turn to for alleviation of current situation .
Fast aging in population is an issue that most countries including Singapore can not avoid .
Several problems which relate to the issue include Health , Financial and Welfare of the elderly has come under the concern of the government .
Solutions such as having different subsidy frameworks for community hospitals to help patients to cope with the expensive bills ( Ministry of Health [ MOH ] , 2009 ) and monthly Transport allowance for elderly who visit day-care centres ( Lin , 2008 ) were implemented to ease the tension that fast aging has brought to the low income elderly .
A decrease in the labour force due to retired workers and providing elderly with a place to stay are the issues that the Singapore government is working on now .
Fast ageing in Singapore has certainly affected its labour market as the level of retirement rate increase .
A research report done by the Ministry of Manpower Singapore in year 1999 showed that in year 2020 the old age will be increased to 32 % compared to 16 % in 1998 ( Ministry of Manpower [ MOM ] , 1999 ) .
For example , new workers who are hired to replace the vacancy of the retired workers often lack experience and knowledge .
As a result , the workers might not be able to complete the task due to their minimum knowledge and skills therefore , the functioning of the company will be affected ( MOM , 1999 ) .
One of the solutions to minimize the impact of labour shortage could be to re-employ the retired workers and allow them to guide the new workers on the job as well as sharing their working experience that will benefit the new workers .
Providing shelters to the single or low-income elderly is one of the priorities in the housing estate development program .
HDB will also be building more compact and affordable 30-year lease studio apartment to cater to the demand for the elderly who aged 55 and above ( Tan , 2009 ) .
Facilities such as , having lifts on every floor , installing features like support handbars in the toilets and along common corridors to assist in the mobility of the elderly and installing an alert alarm system in the house when the elderly residents need to seek for any emergency help ( Housing & Development Board [ HDB ] , 2005 ) .
No matter how many hardware facilities were installed to improve the staying environment of the elderly , they still feel empty and lonely especially if one has no family .
According to a health topic published by Changi General Hospital , elderly tends to be at a much higher risk of depression and ending one 's life than the young as they are facing several changes in their life such as illnesses , losses of family member , life partners and friends as well as financial issues which include no income after retirement ( Changi General Hospital [ CG ] , n.d. ) .
Program such as The Befriender Service , provided by Lions Befrienders is working closely with Central Singapore ComCare Local Networks ( CLN ) in the aim of easing the loneliness , isolation and boredom of the single elderly and the homebound and also providing services such as advisory and assistance to the elderly ( Central Singapore ComCare Local Networks , n.d. ) .
Coping with fast ageing in Singaporean is a slow and tough process which requires both the government and its citizens to work closely together .
Either encouraging retired workers to return to the work force or providing a decent shelter for the low income elderly will defiantly send a positive message to the elderly that they are not being abandoned and they are still recognised by the society .
Programs such as visiting the elderly or providing assistance to the elderly will also increase their confidence and accept the society again .
In the near future , the tax burden on each individual working adult would increase due to the issue of aging population .
It may not seem like a major issue in Singapore from the public 's eyes , but not so in the near future .
With limitations , it will create more social problems and repercussions that result in higher costs that far outweigh the amount of money that was transferred to other developments .
Due to the decrease in healthcare aid for elderly , lack of community hospitals and housing homes , social problems would be generated .
The government might end up paying more for the aftermath just for the sake of transition of budgets in other developments .
By investing in healthcare facilities and medical insurances for the elderly , this will result in a high profile ; risk free , user friendly , low cost and safe healthcare solution that does not just benefit the elderly but the society as a whole ( Munshi , 2007 , p.g.1 ) .
In contrast , public spending on the aged should be limited and routed for the less well-off section of the society .
With consumer price index ( CPI ) for low income groups rising to 7.5 % in June 2008 and developments in globalization , it creates vast income inequalities in Singapore ( Singstat , 2008 , p.g.1 ) .
The Department of Statistics ( 2008 ) commented that 14.8 % of households here earned $ 2,000 or less a month in 2008 , which explains the need for more money to be pumped into the social safety net .
MCYS would also adjust the budget according to situations such as setting aside $ 1million to help the needy cope with inflation ( Majid , 2008 , p.g1 ) Hence , the Government has provided an effective social safety net that provides assistance yet at the same time promotes self-reliance to the needy .
In the future , the effects of aging population would have a much greater impact on Singapore and all resources assigned to the developments should be prioritized based on exigency .
Upgrading of housing by the HDB , particularly the elderly households , has helped to ease the aging process .
Facilities within the blocks were enhanced significantly to aid in the day-to-day movement of the elderly ( Housing and Development Board , 2008 ) .
These include installing lifts at every floor as well as support hand bars in the toilets .
Voluntary Welfare Organization ( VWO ) , which is located below the block , will operate a Seniors Activity Centre to provide support services for the elderly living in the block ( Housing and Development Board , 2008 ) .
Working reduces the elderly reliance on their children as well as the society in terms of economic and social needs ( Peterson , 2001 ) .
On top of that , working provides the elderly a source of income enabling them to remain financially independent , hence reducing the financial dependency on the children .
The Government has been cooperating with employers and unions as part of the Tripartite Committee on Employability of Older Workers to enact re-employment legislation by 1 January 2012 so that employees can continue to work beyond the statutory retirement age of 62 , up to 65 ( Adding Life to Years !
In fact , working not only allows the elderly to spend their time meaningfully , it can also help to increase their self-esteem and find their own identity in the society ( Adding Life to Years !
This helps them realize that they still stand a foothold in the society as they can still contribute to the nation and economic growth , therefore helping them to lead an enriching and fulfilling life .
Moreover , it has been rebutted that they may face difficulty coping with the fast-paced society and technologically advanced workforce of today ( Seah , 2007 ) .
However , there are retraining programs available for the elderly to upgrade their skills in order to keep themselves updated and constructive in the workforce .
Hence , allowing the older generation to stay longer in the workforce not only promotes economic growth of the country , but also keeps them physically active , mentally alert , resilient and socially connected to the society .
Aging population is an unavoidable issue today that needs to be addressed urgently .
With the current policies such as upgrading of their residences ' facilities and longer working lives , the aging process has been eased to a large extend .
As compared to 2003 , it shows an increased of 1.4 years and 1.2 years correspondingly ( Singapore Department of Statistics , 2008 ) .
Increasing life expectancy has inevitably led to the growth of aging population .
Hence , efforts have been made in development to minimise the physical problems and vulnerabilities of the people .
The inability to pay for expensive medical treatments has revealed the need to provide healthcare support for them .
For example , Prime Minister Mr Lee Hsien Loong had introduced a step-down care policy during the 2009 National Day speech .
On the contrary , critics pointed out that the current policies and research improvements have only helped to minimise problems on a superficial level but have not fully met the emotional needs of the individuals when they grow old .
For instance , Government Organisation has moved from seniority-based to performance-based wage structure .
This wage structure ensures employability and job security for the elder workers and it prevents them from feeling detached from the society ( National University of Singapore , 2009 ) .
This allows the elderly to be closed to their children and some may even undertake the responsibilities of taking care of their grandchildren .
This helps them to feel valued and thereby , aids in the re-discovery of their identities as a senior citizen .
This burgeoning trend ultimately leads to an aging population and the Singapore government has come up with several policies and development in different fields such as ameliorating the CPF scheme and inventing elderly-related products to cater to the elderly needs .
Therefore , social policies , such as the ADVANTAGE scheme , are pertinent to facilitate the elderly in working in a less physically-demanding environment and stay productive .
This initiative by the government helps to ensure that all elderly will have a means of income that will provide them through their golden years .
This eases the economic aspect of an aging population as the elderly can benefit from a higher interest rate and therefore alleviate the deterioration of the aging process .
The government has also developed property such as studio apartments with barrier-free accessibilities for the elderly .
This helps to ease the inconvenience for those who are incapable of engaging the conventional brakes or holding on to the wheels manually ( Temasek Polytechnic [ TP ] , 2009 ) .
The changes made to the interest rate of the CPF for savings in the SMRA will provide a social safety net for the elderly , while the increase in elderly- related products and studio apartments further eases the physically restricted aspects of an elderly .
And in countries like Singapore and Japan , which faces an aging population , the dilemma is even greater .
The country 's finances will be eaten up as more elderly asks for financial help from the government to cover for their medical fees and basic needs .
However this burden can be lessen if the elderly mindset is changed .
In order to change their mindset , the public spending on the aged should be limited in the future , and in turn use the money for other areas of the country 's development like Education , Retraining and Healthcare .
In Singapore , it is true that government aid is important to the current generation of elderly , as the majority of them did not have or did not have enough CPF to last through their retirement .
The current generation of elderly is most probably the first batch to learn about the CPF in 1955 , and being a young scheme then , there is a high chance that they unable to fully benefit from it .
The situation is even worse when elderly is faced with illness .
Sick elderly who are single are not able to work to provide themselves , thus leaving them with no income to pay for their high medical fees .
And even though married elderly have children , the high cost of living is also putting a challenge on the children 's finances , which makes it hard for them to provide for their parents .
But all these shall change in 20 years time ; the next generation elderly then shall be equipped with sufficient money in their CPF to provide for themselves .
In order to lessen the country 's finances burden , the elderly have to change their mindset .
The reason being that the standard of living is rising and adult children find it difficult to provide for their parents , especially those stricken with illness .
Sociologist thinks that this is the cause of the growing trend for children to abandon their elderly parents in nursing homes ( Popatlal , 2009 , para .
Next , the elderly should change their mindset towards being to old to work , when in actual fact working slows down their brains from aging .
The government will not be able to provide much as the population continue to age , and there will not be as much people in the workforce as birth rates continue to drop .
So if the elderly do not continue to work , it will put a huge strain on the country 's finances .
So how do we go about in changing the elderly 's mindset ?
The answer is to invest more money into aspects like Education , Retraining and Healthcare .
The best way to influence on one 's thinking is one 's young age , and the ideal of being independent can be taught during one 's Education .
Furthermore , with higher education level it provides better job aspects , which in turn benefits individual financial prospect .
Education also equips one with better knowledge and planning skills , like the importance of health and financially planning for their golden years ( Lim , 2009 ) .
Elderly should continue to work as they possessed experience that should be pass on to younger generation .
And to ensure the elderly to- be are prepared , it is important to indulge them with a healthy mindset through promoting education , retraining and community activities .
Nothing beats aging with a healthy body and mind , the golden years should be spent enjoyably .
As Singapore has been facing aging population since 1990s , there has been a shortage of skilled worker and declining birth rate .
Some critics argued that senior citizens are assets to the society since most of them possessed valuable skills , knowledge and work experience .
Other initiatives were also implemented such as the re-training effort for the elderly in workforces .
For example , in the area of research and development ( R & D ) Singapore need to develop own talent pool and technologies to create new and better products , thus we need foreign talent like accomplished researchers who can lead us into the innovation of new products with their experience and knowledge .
Therefore , investing into the education system would help Singapore in sustaining its growth in the globalizing world .
Therefore , public spending on the aged should be limited to prevent over reliance on the government and that more emphasis could be made to other sectors to promote economic growth .
With the current CPF structure that part of a Singaporean 's monthly wage goes into Medisave and Medishield , which is an 'untouchable ' fund that can only be used for hospital and most healthcare bills , Singaporeans may get complacent thinking that they have already saved enough for their medical bills in the future .
Therefore , instead of investing money into healthcare infrastructures like new hospitals and nursing homes , it would be wiser for the government to help Singaporeans plan out their retirement more strategically .
Therefore , by paying more attention to education and making sure that all if not most Singaporeans can get a proper education , it ensures that most people will be literate enough to get a proper paying job and thus increasing the working adult is to elderly ratio .
With the increase in the ratio , it will without doubt , relieve the government in financing for the aged healthcare .
Therefore , instead of encouraging people to rely on the government with subsidized healthcare services , the money should be put into better use like education or other aspect of the nation 's development .
However , they might introduce some new problems , as would be explored in-depth later .
Recognising the problem of a possible financial burden that might be incurred by families with a new child , the governments of developed nations are providing generous incentives with the birth of each new child , in the hope to encourage their citizens to reproduce by helping to ease their financial burden .
Nowadays , people bred on notions of free choice .
Hence , it can not be conveniently stated that such policy is " propaganda " of the government .
( as cited in { http : //www.melbourneinstitute.com/news/news/media_releases/2009/final-WP-Baby % 20Bonus.pdf } [ HYPERLINK : http : //www.melbourneinstitute.com/news/news/media_releases/2009/final-WP-Baby % 20Bonus.pdf ] , retrieved on September 10 , 2009 ) As for Singapore , we will have to observe carefully for the next few years to see if its policies will nudge her past the subreplacement zone .
Another social policy that governments seem to turn towards to is the encouragement of the inflow of immigrants into our society .
However , critics argued that though this social policy is feasible to ease the ageing process in Singapore , it does not take into account of the issue of increased competition for jobs in Singapore , due to the high influx of foreign talents .
This might mean that Singaporeans will have to compete for jobs with the foreigners , and might stand chances of losing their jobs to them .
This reasoning might be flaw as it is inevitable that the locals have to upgrade their skills to ensure high employability in the fast and highly competitive society .
Due to the fast advancement of medications , we are having a longer life span compared to the past .
Thus , many countries are spending more efforts and money to aging population problem .
However , there are many ways which can help the elderly to take care of themselves and public spending on the aged should be limited so that money can be diverted to other areas of the country 's development .
Elder dependency should be reduced by encouraging later retirement , longer working lives , and lower barriers to elder employment ( Peterson , 2001 , p.66 ) .
Older employees have more working experiences and better knowledge than the younger ones and these are the crucial factors that will contribute to the company growths .
Government should encourage their citizens to have more children so that that the cost burden of taking care of the elderly is spread over a larger and more affluent future generation ( Peterson , 2001 , p.66 ) .
Government is also increasing their incentives to parents with more children as a mean to increase fertility rate .
This is very important as having more children do not assure that the parents are having higher chances being taken care of by their children than the parents with fewer children .
Thus , it is necessary to educate the children in their early age on filial obligation .
Although there are plans to reduce elder dependency , there will still be a small partial of elders that are not capable of taking care themselves .
They may not be physically able to work and at the same time their children have abandoned the task of taking of them .
In some of the worst situation , elders do not even have any children that they can be depended on .
As such , government can be more lenient to these groups of elders by providing financial cares and giving them public pension benefits whenever possible .
Government can offer many public pensions and financial helps to the needy elders , but when will this end ?
Thus , public spending on the aged should be limited and people should be educated since young on the ways to prevent aging population problems rather than to find a solution for it .
Public spending for the elderly , is it insufficient still ? .
People would argue that more money should be spent by the government to the elderly , given that the elderly are the more disadvantaged group of the society .
This would give even a larger burden to the working adults and taxes will definitely increase .
However , as we all know , the elderly only constitutes a smaller part of the society , and the younger ones in the social group must be taken care of the same way or more so than the elderly since they are the determinants of the country 's future .
Instead investing more money in education will increase the likeability of the younger people to secure better jobs , and enabling them to provide their elderly parents financial support , no matter in what condition their parents are in .
Based on the statistics obtained from a government statistical website , The level of education attainment among resident non-students aged 25-39 , despite increasing rapidly in the past few years , is still low at 70 percent in 2008 ( www.singstat.gov.sg ) .This means that the government must set aside more money in instilling awareness of the importance of education towards the young .
Therefore , by succeeding in education and secured better jobs , the working adults will ease the burden of the government from having to invest a lot of money to the welfare of the elderly .
The country needs healthy and abled citizens to ensure the country 's progress .
Moreover , these younger citizens are the ones who will be responsible for their elderly parents ' health and well-being , therefore thier health and well-being should be prioritized.Based on a study by the .
Commonwealth Fund which is released on Wednesday , in the Healthday News/Detroit Free Press reports , which includes 4,052 U.S. adults ages 19 or older between September 2003 and January 2004 , about 16 million U.S. residents care for sick or disabled family members , and approximately nine million of those caregivers have medical problems , according to the study .
Demand for health care services will increase as elders are prone to illnesses and take long time to recover .
By 2030 , 20 % of Singapore 's population will be 65 years old and above .
( Statistic Singapore , 2007 ) Since the population is unlikely to be able to replace itself in the near future ( The Business Time , 2007 ) , it is important to have policies that help to ease the ageing process by helping the elders to increase their retirement savings so as to lighten their dependency on the younger generation .
Married children are given priority if they apply for a flat to stay near or together with their parent .
( MCYS , 2007 ) By encouraging adult children to stay with their parents can definitely benefit the elderly as the increased interaction can foster care for their parents .
With the rising inflation , both married children have to work to support the increasing expenditures .
A dual career family means that the adult children spend lesser time at home and that the elder parents are often left alone in the day as their children go to work .
Health care for the elderly can cost up to thousands of dollars , being strained financially , adult children simply can not afford it .
Therefore , the problems go beyond the issue of filial piety , government need to look each case individually .
The immense social cost arises from ageing population can be attributed to mounting healthcare problem , diminishing of economic productivity and increasing accountability of younger generation towards the elderly .
In view of the accelerating of ageing population , Singapore 's government has been revamping the related policies constantly to mitigate the problem .
The diminishing of economic productivity due to ageing population may have an abysmal effect on a country .
The existence of the older workforce not only increases the input of the economy but also enables elderly to gain some form of steady income .
However , this policy will remain fruitless without the collaboration between elderly , employers and the state .
Employers tend to discriminate elderly frequently as they are deemed to be vulnerable and unproductive .
In order to remove such prejudice , government provides incentives by reducing the employer 's contribution to elderly Central Provident Fund ( CPF ) .
Elderly has a higher possibility to encounter a long-term management of chronic diseases such as diabetes and heart disease .
Therefore it is essential for government to keep healthcare cost at an affordable rate for this vulnerable group .
Singapore 's government subsidizes heavily on medical service and grants some flexibility in the CPF system so that elderly can utilize part of their saving in the CPF account for hospitalization expenses .
In addition , family responsibility is always being stressed such that children are required to contribute to the Medisave account of their elderly member .
Transfer of fund from the Ordinary Account to parents ' Retirement Account is also available .
Such policies spread over the cost of ageing progression to family and community and minimize the state fiscal provision .
This facilitates elderly who is bedridden and confined to wheelchairs .
Despite heavy subsidization on healthcare , elderly who is destitute without family support may still find medical service prohibitive .
As such , Public Assistance and Medifund have been introduced to assuage this problem whereby rigorous diagnosis is being carried out and relevant assistance will be given to the needy accordingly .
Lastly , the mentality health of elderly is exceptionally vital to enhance their social functioning and to maximize their potential .
Sense of isolation and loneliness among homebound and single elderly might result in mental illness and social problems .
Family binding and accompaniment are paramount in addressing such phenomenon .
Reinforcement of the ethic of filial pity can vicariously develop strong bond between children and parents .
Psychological needs of elderly can not be overlooked so that they can be socially integrated into the family and community .
Robert B. Friedland and Laura Summer caution government to carry out wise and forward-thinking planning and therefore government should adopt pragmatism while formulating social policies related to the ageing population .
( Robert B. Friedland and Laura Summer , 2005 ) Society should also shift their paradigm and not to equate elderly with social marginalization to maximize the social functioning of elderly .
Moreover , based on a government survey conducted last July , more than 60 per cent of 25,000 unemployed older folk who planned to look for work preferred part time .
Furthermore , figures from Ministry of Manpower show that the proportion of employees on flexible work arrangements in 2008 was 9.4 per cent from the public and private sectors .
However , education system is important in a country 's development for future generations , hence the government can only further revise the baby bonus policy in order to encourage families to have more children .
Another social problem will be elderly parents being abandoned at nursing homes or children living overseas and there is no one looking after their parents in Singapore .
( The Straits Times Article ) On the other hand , there is also a setback such that there will be another generation of elderly who are not prepared for their own retirement .
Over the first half of the current century , the global population 60 or over is projected to expand by more than three times to reach nearly 2 billion in 2050 .
Aging population is defined as any person who is age 60 and above .
The government should spent more money to come up with new awards as a form of motivation .
It is these experiences and mistakes that we learnt from and thus improving ourselves .
People may argue that action speaks louder than words , since all the aged do is to talk , it will definitely sound easy .
Hence , I believe that the government should spend more money to subside talks by the elderly .
With aging , the physical and mental parts of the human body will start to deteriorate with time .
There are people who believed that the aged should fend for themselves .
Hence , we must be flexible and focused to know which direction our country is heading towards and plan adequate resources properly .
Nowadays , the aging population has been one of the most worrying problems .
The percentage of people who are 65 years old and above in Singapore in 2008 was 8.67 % ( 1 ) .
The ground for this fact is that because of their hard working during younger years , they are able to put aside for their future .
Hence , they can cater for themselves without any financial aids from the outside world .
However , according to the statistic , though small , there is still about 2.4 % of people could not find a job with an acceptable pay to prepare for their old time .
Data show that compared with 2007 , there are more than 11.7 million people of this type having the ability to work on their own .
For example , studies have proved that insomnia in the elderly is probable to easily cure by non-drug therapies ( 3 ) .
With the expansion of science , nothing seems hard to imagine and we have the right of hoping such world would become into existence .
Furthermore , to place more emphasis on other 's areas such as education , science , etc. is considered to be a visionary step to see to our aging population of our near of far future .
And as far as I am concerned , to run a country , we need to take interest in far view more than near view .
Two areas that can be invested more are education and science , which will make some differences in our aging population so that this problem would no longer be an awesome matter , but one of the proudest ones to be mentioned .
Without new policies and further research and development in all fields of study , relating to the aged , they will face difficulties in living their current environment .
Despite the complex changes in the environment , there are theories on successful aging which could help us in our investigation on to the extent of the current policies have helped to ease the aging process .
With regards to social exchange theory suggests that the degree of interaction of elderly is determined by their ability to engage in social exchange .
In Singapore , the existing policy on employing the elderly does not do enough to allow senior worker to continue playing their roles in working community .
The HDB housing policy which encourages families to stay closer to their parents allows elderly to continue their role in helping their children or even an additional role as a grandparent .
Presently , though social policies are still solely draft out by the government .
With such initiatives , policies are now more focused in terms of improving the lives of Singaporean as a whole .
With aging population , the likelihood of patients suffering from multiple organ failure will start to augment too .
In order to rectify the homeward bound predicament , not only more elderly friendly facilities have to be constructed , but the critical care medical treatment and surgery is chiefly required too .
However , this could point out to be a major hitch as there is an emerging need for critical care programmes .
Various medical institutions should offer trainings and preparations to medical professional personnel to equip them with the necessity to countenance the upcoming crisis .
This has significantly augmented the precision of intricate surgeries as well as trimming down much of the risk faced by the patient during surgical operations .
With the marvel breakthrough of medical advancement , elderly members who are the ones that are commonly affiliated with healthcare problems are better furnished with finer medication procedures .
( Dr Vivian Blakrishnan , 2002 ) Through caring interactions , patients especially the old and needy members can be emotionally and psychologically motivated to wrestle against the associated sickness .
At this point one may wonder that whether the manufactured supplementary healthcare products are safe to be consumed as there are cases that the products are proven to be potentially health hazardous .
Public spending should therefore be more focus on providing excellent healthcare facilities and services which would benefits and eases the growing health crisis amidst the aging population .
Such a problem like this could not be solved overnight , but need to have a suitable long-term plan .
Although there are still arguments surrounding old age issues , it can be believed that much have been done to ease the aging process , particularly medical advancement and efficient social policies .
To begin with , it is no doubt that when a person becomes older , he will meet health problems , physically and mentally .
In the Singapore context , there are some hospitals will be built such as Jurong General Hospital opened in 2015 , and Khoo Teck Puat Hospital in Yishun is under-constructed and will be opened in 2010 .
Furthermore , on the understanding that elder people need a longer time to recover , the Ministry of Health has launched a new model to set up a link between acute hospitals with community ones where patients can receive relevant care after discharged from the acute hospitals .
A question has been set up in Straits Times lately " Who cares for these when they grow old ? " .
In fact , there are some older people having no child or being single , so it is more difficult for them in their old days .
Although governments raise fund and increase budget to support the elderly , healthcare costs is still high and some of the treatments which apply new technologies and methods are so expensive that money they save will run out after a few days .
Solving these problems is not an easy task and can not achieve in a short-run as well .
( Tiscali , 2009 ) Some of the other areas in the country 's development that require public spending are like social services and benefits , education , infrastructure and development projects like transport , housing and employment .
( Anonymous , 2009 ) It is important for the government to spend in this area so that the country 's economy and social condition will improve .
Many argue that limiting public spending on the elderly would only leave individuals and their families to face issues pertaining to education , housing , social services and transportation .
By cutting expenditure on welfare programs for the elderly , individuals and families are more responsible for a larger share of the elderly costs .
They would need to provide the cost for their own old age dependency , according to Robert B. and Laura S. in Doomsday .
Besides , such costs may even be bigger than the original cost of running welfare programs for the elderly .
On the contrary , diverting public spending on other areas of the country 's development will expand its economic opportunities and improve social conditions .
Such financial and social problems would actually not be faced by the individual and families .
When there is more expenditure on social services and benefits , education , infrastructure and development projects , the country is capable of build a better economy for its people .
And with economic growth , the country becomes richer and the people enjoy a higher standard of living .
For example , the society becomes more educated and affluent as more money is being pumped to ensure higher education and people get higher income when they work .
Henceforth , economic growth would ensure the continuation of welfare programs for the elderly in the long run .
This is a beneficial for the country as people learn to depend on themselves .
They would be able to able to work better , attain higher income so as to help support education , housing , social services and rising cost of transportation for themselves .
It would be more practical in a case when there is economic downturn and the government is not able to spend on the aged .
" ( Fox , 2009 ) Clearly , as Singapore experiences the problem of ageing population , it is important to generate economic growth for the country and benefit the aged .
Higher expenditure on areas like infrastructure and education , allows the country to achieve greater economic growth which this in turn solve the problems of aging population .
In today 's society , ageing population is increasingly a problem that many countries , such as Singapore , Sweden and Japan , are now facing .
An ageing population brings challenges but also opportunities for people to explore .
Therefore , I agree to reduce public spending on the aged so that more resources and funds will be allocated to other areas of development such as the economy , education , technology and general healthcare within the country but help for the aged should not be neglected as well .
People will learn to be self-reliance when their support is being limited , in this case , the funding for usage of healthcare and public facilities ; they will have to plan their future needs .
In the case of Singapore , the government implemented policies such as Medisave and Medishield , to " force " her citizens to set aside money and plan financially for their future .
Another scheme that Singapore government adopt is the Central Provident Fund ( CPF ) , people have to save a part of their salary every month , upon retirement , they are able to withdraw and use it for their old age .
Because of such schemes , the government has more resources to focus more on other developments of the country which are equally important ; this is to ensure competitiveness in this globalised world .
Therefore limiting public spending on the aged will reduce the dependency of the aged on the government and also to ensure continuous developments in other areas of the country .
Even though , family members are responsibility of taking care of their elderly , but due to the large allocation of resources and money for the aged , many assumed that the government will take care of all the elderly .
Some took advantage of the situation and make use of the low-cost medical facilities , this can be seen by the long queues at the polyclinics in Singapore .
This may lead to people who are in urgent need for medical consultation to be delayed which in turn , may cause serious consequences .
Financial help should be given to those really in the need , instead of allocating large amount of funds to all the elderly .
[ pic ] This implies that as long as the elderly keep themselves healthy , lesser burden will be placed on the government .
Therefore , part of the public spending on the aged can be diverted to develop other sectors of the country , so as to ensure that the public spending is well-allocated .
But even though there are schemes to make people save for their aged now , the older generation who have little or no education , are not able to comprehend what these schemes are about and what benefits do they get .
More elderly friendly facilities along neighbourhood should be built and good values such as giving up seats to the elderly should be taught to the public to help the elderly get along with their daily lives .
Like in Singapore , there are priority seats for elderly so that they do not have to stand for long distances .
If money were to be diverted to other area of developments , the problem of ageing population will still persists , the situation might worsen as they may not know how to support themselves and cause even more social problems .
Therefore public spending is essential , it should not be limited to assist the developments of other areas of development and neglect the major problem of ageing population that many countries face .
More resources should be allocated to develop the country 's education system so as to ensure the continuous supply of good labour and also to educate the public the importance of self-reliance .
With more people receiving education , they will understand the importance of planning for their future and develop the culture of taking care of themselves and their elderly .
Therefore , funding for the aged should be limited so as to allow the other areas of development such as the education sector which have a greater impact on society to thrive .
In conclusion , for a country to be successful , it not only has to look after the well-beings , in this case , the elderly , but also to ensure the continuous development of the country in the economy , education and technology sectors .
It is not wise to allocate large public spending on the aged due to social problems such as ageing population , but instead , set the sights further , tackle the root of the problem , which is to educate the public the way to plan financially for their future .
The question whether national economies should be spent on the aged or not has long been a controversial one .
Each people have his or her own opinions .
Some people say that the country 's budget should focus on healthcare for the elders , as old , retired people are hard to cope with their problems without any supports of the governments .
In my own opinion , I agree with the latter , for these following reasons .
Firstly , national budget should be spent on more essential areas of the country 's development .
Investing in education , in my opinion , is the key to growth of any country .
With a strongly educated workforce , the national economy would dramatically rise .
One of them is upgrading the facilities and the quality of teaching .
More money should be spent on re-constructing old buildings and build more needed ones ( laboratories and libraries system ) .
On the other hand , the governments should pay more attention to the teaching quality by using national budget to provide better results .
Inviting more good professors from overseas to come and join our teaching staffs could do this .
Secondly , the money of the country should also be used in improving health care .
More hospitals with better equipments should be built .
However , not only facilities but also the treatments of patients should also be improved .
This has again proved the point that I have proved before .
Better education results in better labours .
Hence , better labours in health , with assists from better facilities and equipments , will be the ideal workforce for national health care .
In fact , this is also a way to solve the heavy burden of aging process , because the elders are who need the supports of health care the most .
The development of technology and its effects has always been one of the most important factors that totally change the way we lived from the past .
More and more inventions are made in order to enhance the basis of our daily life .
Such improvements indisputably made our lives more enjoyable and our works more effective .
These researches and inventions can cover numerous aspects of the country .
Technology improvements will intensify the educational level , the quality of health care , the living standards , etc... To some extent , these strategies also indirectly assist the elders .
With some of my points that are listed above , I think my idea is not considered as telling the old people " To go and die faster " .
Rather , what I try to point out is that even the national budget is spent on other fields , it still indirectly benefit the elders .
The most prominent demographic trends in the world today would be the aging of population , which can also be known as demographic aging which simply means the shift in the age distribution ( i.e. , age structure ) of a population toward older ages .
An aging population have many social , economic and health implications to a country and this common occurrence is not just a short term resultant but a long term problem caused by the falling of fertility rates and high mortality .
Aging of a population has become such a natural process that is happening among most of the developing countries and Singapore is not being spared too .
In fact , Singapore is one of the fastest aging populations in Asia and therefore , there is a need for the government to develop and implement new public policies to accommodate to this newly emerging group of people in the near future .
Hence , with a need for new public policies would mean a need for greater public spending on the aged so as to cater for this newly emerging group who is age 65 years and above , this would make up nearly one-fifth of our population by 2030 .
Although aging population is of a direct consequence to the drop in fertility rates , it is however the result of high life expectancy and mortality rates .
This has come about due to the improved in medical technology , public health awareness and sanitation , which actually shows that many Singaporeans are living better than they had before .
Currently , there are about 7 % of Singapore 's population that is over the age of 65 , however as statistics have shown , this figure would increased to 19 % by the year 2030 .
) With such a sizeable amount of aged in a small country like Singapore , it will definitely have many socio-economic implications on Singapore , thus the government should generate more public polices to care for this group of people in the years to come .
Because this group of people will generally make up a significant amount in our population , government should divert more funds to improve on its healthcare system and also upgrade our infrastructure and facilities to cater to an older population .
In fact , our local government is already preparing Singapore to a new paradigm of aging as can be seen from the funding of projects such as the building of Studio Apartments , which is specially built to cater to the needs of the aged .
These apartments have special facilities that look after the elderly such as lifts stopping at every floor and handgrips built around the flat so that it is more convenient and safer for the elderly .
Hence , public spending should not be limited , in fact we should even divert more funds to similar projects that will cater to the needs of an older population as they will after all make up a significant amount in Singapore , thus more focus should be placed on them .
In addition , public spending should not be limited as more funds should be dedicated to improve the healthcare systems by building more nursing homes and also hospitals for the aged as old age will usually be an age that is more prone to illnesses and diseases .
Therefore we will need a large pool of specialise trained nurses and caretakers to look after them .
This can be seen in the building of more nursing homes and encouraging more people to take up professions relating to this field so as to increase the number of trained professionals with accordance to the increase in older population in our society .
Therefore , aging population is an issue that we can not afford to neglect and public policies should adapt to this new demographic trend by focusing more on the increasing older population size , hence more funds should be dedicated to projects which will better prepare Singaporeans for an aging population .
Hence , government should not over focus on this issue and throw in excessive funds in this area as this will inhibit the growth of other sectors as funds can be diverted to other areas of the country 's development such as investment and building better infrastructure to strive towards our goal of becoming a world class global city .
Singapore is never a welfare state to begin with ; the government has adopted policy to ensure self-reliance such as the introduction of Central Provident Fund ( CPF ) which makes it compulsory for all Singapore citizens to save for future use .
Hence , it is impossible for our government to provide welfare and pension for everyone , thus the Medisave Scheme under Central Provident Fund ( CPF ) was introduced which make it compulsory for all Singaporeans to set aside 6-8 % of their salary to put into their personal account that can be used to pay for hospital fees .
According to statistics , the average active member 's balance in 1994 was S $ 73,816 which shows how efficient the CPF saving scheme is .
) Therefore with such policy in place , public spending on the aged is already limited in this sense .
Similarly , the government also promotes life long employability which can be seen from the extension of retirement age from 62 to 65 years old , this is to ensure that the aged can accumulate more wealth before retiring when they are still able to work therefore reducing the public spending of our government on the aged .
In addition to all these policies , filial piety and greater familial support is also emphasised as the government encouraged the children to take care of their parents when they are older as this will ease the funding of the government for each and every of the elderly , but instead only focused on the needy elderly who has no children to look after them .
Hence in conclusion , aging population is a natural occurrence due to low birth rates and higher life expectancy , therefore the government should not reduce on their public spending on the aged , but should however increased to an extent whereby it able to provide the necessary care for the aged , especially to those who do not have any children to rely on .
However , over focusing on this situation may inhibit the growth of our economy as these precious funds can be diverted to other uses especially in the area of development .
One should also identify the fact that Singapore is not a welfare state in the first place , and the policies were shaped more to self reliance than relying on government to take care of them when they are older , thus in this context , it is possible to justify the point that public spending should not be limited so that money can be diverted to other areas of the country 's development .
As Singapore 's total fertility rate ( TFR ) decreases year by year , we are in increasing danger of having an ageing population in the very near future .
As of 2007 , Singapore 's TFR is 1.29 which is well below the replacement level of 2.1 .
I feel that public spending on the aged should be given more attention and more funds , as for the long-term , the aging population could potentially become a major problem .
Singapore has a high standard of living , thus it is expensive to raise a child .
The government could divert more money to the " Baby Bonus Scheme " , as it seems the incentives are not enough at the moment for Singaporean families to want to have a bigger family .
If the incentives work , there will be more youths in the future , this will help to ease the financial burden of the elderly .
If the TFR is higher , there would also be more people to work in the future , contributing more to the economy and sustaining its high growth .
This is one reason why money can be spent more on other areas for the country 's development instead on the aged .
Public spending towards encouraging higher birth rates .
The government could set up more schools to train the elderly new skills , these new skills would allow more opportunities for the elderly to find jobs .
The lower number of working people would mean that the elderly would be more dependent on fewer people , these people would be heavily burdened .
They should concentrate public spending on the health sector , on research and improvement of technology , promoting better and cheaper health care .
Public spending for the health care sector would benefit everyone and could prove to be very effective .
Singapore 's population is increasingly becoming an aging population , it would be a problem that we can not ignore .
Good long-term planning is essential to solve this problem of the aged and public spending on the aged is very crucial , it can not be neglected .
This would be good for the economy in the future , and would also result in more people to support the elderly .
Therefore , public spending should not emphasize only social , but also economic development of the country .
Limiting public spending for the aged may in turn bring about social problems ; major issues regarding family responsibilities and dignity .
Without the government 's initiatives , the elderly people are going to go through a hard time coping in the society .
With the flexibility to invest in other areas , we can empower these three groups of people : Employers , families and the elderly .
( IRAS , 2009 ) It serves as a winning tool as the employers get to bring their businesses to a higher level , and the existing workers in turn retain their jobs .
In this way , these benefiters can fulfill their basic responsibilities better , in taking care of their own families with the higher purchasing power they have .
Secondly , education and learning are important factors attributing to one country 's success .
With better jobs and increase in income , they can help the families in coping with the high standards of living and spiraling healthcare costs for the aged .
The government can also hold " Healthy Lifestyle " campaigns to encourage the aged to engage more actively , and promote healthy aging .
On top of that , the involvement of their immediate families in the process will be a bonus in helping them cope with ageing .
All in all , limiting public spending on the aged and directing on other areas of development such as businesses , education and healthcare is more rewarding then just focusing on the needy groups .
Although the help is theoretically superficial , it is indirectly helping the society to deal with the ageing society more effectively than using the monetary support , which is a temporary solution .
If we do not pay attention to the long term effects the problem is going to cause , we will risk the possibility of allocating the limited resources for the wrong usage .
It is well-known that there are various areas of country 's development which demand substantial expenditure from public spending such as urban development , infrastructure projects , biomedical research , edbiz , and so on .
Abundant financial resources are alloted to each area mentioned above , since the development of these areas are essential in national construction and facilitate the prosperity of economy .
However , accompanying the aging population , much public spending including pension and health provision is expended on the aged .
More and more elderly people , especially some of those who can not take care of themselves , empty nesters , other special groups , as well as their families have a greater demand for pension services , which requires social services to provide old-age pension ( Wu Li Min , 2009 ) .
Therefore , the public spending on the aged should not be limited so that it guarantees the welfare of the aged and protects their rights and benefits .
The aged might have devoted their youth and even their whole life to serving the society , public spending on the aged is therefore necessary .
In fact , every one of us either doing mental or physical work , have made a significant contribution towards the development of society .
One 's life to go through a juvenile , youth , middle-aged and older period is an irresistible law of nature .
Hence , as long as a person has sacrificed for the social development , then , when he is old and no longer contribute his own force in his area of work , the state government should give him his deserved rewards by taking care of their future .
If the public spending on the aged is limited , the burden on the children or younger generation will be much heavier since they have to bear more expenses of their parents .
A survey in China showed that " living and working pressure makes people powerless to take care of their parents " has become a great difficulty for young people now ( Wang Jun , 2009 ) .
In today 's society , many people of working age , with their own careers and families , withstand considerable economic pressure .
Once the elderly reach their old age , it is followed by a variety of ailments .
Expensive medical and health care costs other than the very high daily cost indeed cause a more serious difficulty .
So when the children have to bear the medical expenses and the costs of everyday life of their parents , they tend to live beyond their income .
The gap between the rich and the poor in the present society is still apparent that when the government subsidies reduce , high-income groups of retired people may still have an easy life , but the relatively poor people will face even tougher difficulties of livelihood .
Higher income people tend to have more savings , so that they can enjoy a carefree retirement .
However , low-wage sectors of the population in general do not have much savings since they even face insufficiencies of money during daily life .
To the later years , if they encounter ungrateful children who are unwilling to take care of them , then how do they spend their remaining days ?
Many people today spend money on their own organized families , to meet the needs of their children , as well as the pursuit of material comfort of their own instead of taking out money to supply their parents .
However , children ' support for their elderly parents is a kind of moral value and the performance of the human behavior norms under the education system .
If law is to require people to support their parents , does it mean that our moral values have to deteriorate to such an extent ?
Clearly , the public spending on the aged should be conserved to protect the rights and benefits of the aged .
The aged have dedicated so much to the development of country that they should be thanked .
We should care for the aged despite only considering for the sake of economic interests .
In fact , we all grow old one day .
According to Singapore Department of Statistic , the life expectancy of Singaporean has increased noticeably to 78.0 for male and to 82.8 for female ( as cited from Press Release , Singapore Department of Statistic , 2008 ) .
Although that is good news proving for Singapore 's success ; as other developed nations , it also leads to some unpleasant consequences for Singapore such as raising the financial burden for elderly-caring .
From my perspective , economic development is not only the key factor easing the aging but also is the key solution for some serious problems caused by this process .
First of all , judging this issue from one particular angle , it is commonly believed that well-funded life which rises from economic success will help people to be able to purchase sufficient food for their own demands .
At the same time , there are more facilities supplying for human needs on physical exercise , such as pools for swimming , courts for playing tennis , indoor gyms for various kind of sports .
With the financial sufficiency , people can ease their life and avoid dangerous work by using some helpful equipment .
For instance , living in air-conditioning building helps us confront with hot summer and cold winter or using remote robots reduces the cost of lives in some high-risk jobs .
In the other words , as a result of the spreading of economic , we have been enjoyed a better physically-healthy life .
At the second point , economic development also encourages the improvement of services which support human life .
Among of them , entertainment industry should be mentioned as the most noticing one .
Together with its urging , more and more entertainment parks , visual and virtual products such as films and games come into our life .
Moreover , the expansion of consultation services and the growth of tourism have considerably contributed to satisfying our mental demands .
For example , a typical citizen in a globalised city , such as Tokyo or London , now can enjoy the weekend-time in a hundred destinations for recreation and some of them are world-wide known .
Alternatively , they can stay at home and choose among tens of local and international channels to watch or can surf internet to visit millions of websites .
Indeed , it is no doubt that they all have been enriched the human mental life .
What is more , a prosperous economy can also foster further technological invention , medical innovation as well as educational improvement which all are considered as important factors alleviating the aging process .
In the same pattern , once the educational level is raised , people can be more aware of how to take care of themselves as well as to live long and healthily .
At last , the rapid development of nation 's economy not only makes the aging slow down but also partially solves its annoying consequences .
Among of its consequences , Peter G. Peterson on the article " A Gray World " raised his concern on the huge expenses for elderly caring services ( Peter G. Peterson , 2001 ) .
To my way of thinking , economic factors should be the most considerable solution .
Accordingly , people enjoy and better health with a longer age which enables them to stay in work for a longer time .
In addition , financial factors are also incentives for long-life working , as they can support the current life and save more for the rest of life if they decide to keep working .
Judging this issue from another angle , some argue that economic factor can even worsen the aging and its consequences .
In fact , the development of economy itself can not wholly solve the problems , and it needs more complex solution among social , political and economical factors .
However , economic issue should be first-top considered in any topic relating to the aging process .
In conclusion , today developed countries have been increasingly confronted with the aging process and its consequences .
In the common thought , all economics , science , social policy contribute to easing this process but economic factor attracts most of our concerns as it should be viewed as the most important one .
All things are considered , a prosperous economy not only lengthens the life expectancy but also make people live more healthily and lighten social burden on elderly-caring .
While the population is shifting towards a greying one , many would start to worry about the ease of aging in the current society , especially amidst the time of financial crisis and difficulty .
However , more emphasis should be placed on the development of social policy helping to alleviate and address concerns such as the lack of financial support and social care , as it affects the elderly more directly .
Central Provident Fund is a savings account for all workers in Singapore to set aside a sum of 33 percent of their wages for retirement purposes while working .
Thereby , they would not have to strain their pockets to pay for healthcare when they have already stopped working .
At this juncture , one may wonder how could the Medisave account be sufficient when medical fees these days are so steep .
Common illnesses such as stroke would already chalk up thousands for treatment and things could be a lot worse , should there be more than one illness to treat .
In the event that an individual is not able to pay the minimum amount , they can apply for the Medifund , which is an endowment plan funded by the nation 's economic growth , targeted to help those who still can not afford to pay the bills despite already being heavily subsided .
With these in place , the aged will be well taken care of and have a peace of mind , in monetary aspect , living in a more comfortable environment during old age .
For those elderly who have funds but are locked in the area of housing assets , have a solution too .
Just recently in March 2009 , the government has introduced the Lease Buy Back Scheme ( LBS ) for elderly to sell off their tail end thirty years lease of their flats in return for life-long monthly retirement income .
These elderly will stand to enjoy a supplement to their retirement income on top of what they are receiving from CPF payout .
Again , we can see how public policy has shaped to help the elderly have a less financial taxing aging process .
Apart from being well taken care of in medical bills , the social well-being of the aged is taken into consideration as well .
This is why the Housing Development Board ( HDB ) came up with a housing grant of forty thousand dollars to encourage the housing of nucleus family members near their parents .
The policy will not only benefit the purchaser in cutting cost but will also help to propagate the importance of filial obligation in the society .
When the married children are housed near to their parents , they are more likely to visit them frequently due to convenience and simultaneously , the elderly will be taken care of physically as well .
Opponents of this position may argue that the opposite may take place instead .
Rather than having the married couple to look after their parents , it might be the children exploiting the convenience of their parents , living off them or even increasing the burden on them such as treating them as babysitters for their own children .
Nevertheless , taking this situation from another point of view actually aligns with the government 's aim : fostering mutual care between the young and elderly .
By housing them in vicinity , it actually adds livelihood and purpose to the lives of the elderly as well .
In the presence of these numerous social policies , many aspects of the aging process have been well covered by the government and this has served to mitigate some of the most common concerns among the elderly .
Therefore , it is evident that current research and policies have helped to ease the aging process and make retirement a less burdensome one .
From research , in developed nations , people born in the twentieth century can live 35 years longer than people who were born in the nineties .
The increase in aging population reflects the need of better healthcare and social services .
This is because as people aged , their health will deteriorate and results in the increase of healthcare and social cost .
With continual advancement in the medical industry , current research and development in better healthcare services and facilities like building new community hospitals , providing long-term care services and developing electronic health record system ( EHR ) can help ease the problems of healthcare cost and elder dependency .
Firstly , building of new community hospitals provide intermediate healthcare for elderly who do not require consultation from the general hospitals .
With such developments , elderly can save cost and receive appropriate healthcare treatments more conveniently .
In contrary , convenience does not mean it is affordable .
If elderly do not have enough savings to support , they may depend financially on the government or their children .
The amount of subsidy on hospitalization will be determined by means-testing .
This way , the government reduces the financial dependency of elderly by providing help based on their financial needs .
In addition , there are also other financial subsidies available like the Medisave , Medishield and Medifund to keep healthcare cost affordable for Singaporeans .
Secondly , Long-term care services like home care and rehabilitation can allow patients to recover in surroundings that are more comfortable or with their families .
These Long-term care services involve two board categories , residential healthcare and community healthcare managed by voluntary Welfare Organizations ( VWO ) or by Private operators .
These are cheaper support alternatives to leaving elderly patients in hospitals .
In cases where family can not provide attention or support for the needs of the elderly , they can seek for community healthcare services carried out at home or in a centre .
Such services can help to reduce elderly emotional dependency on their children too .
On the other hand , some volunteers for elderly home care or rehabilitation centre may lack of profession skills provided in hospitals .
Elderly may not be receiving the most appropriate medical help .
Fortunately , the government had already recognized the importance of such services to ease aging process .
In the 2009 budget speech , over $ 500 million will be spend in the next five years on training staffs and improving this long-term care services for elderly Singaporeans .
Elderly with chronic illnesses may have complex medical backgrounds .
As a result , doctors and staffs can reduce time in gathering healthcare background of elderly and reduce the amount of complicated paperwork .
There are arguments that implication of this system involves excessive costs .
However , base on research , usage of the Electronic Health Record system can help to reduce duplication and error in medical prescription resulting in a cost reduction as much as USD $ 50 billion per year .
Therefore , we can conclude that this research and development can help to decrease healthcare spending and improve quality of service efficiently .
Today , as our society faced with the issue of ageing population , the needs of better healthcare and social services increased .
Advancement in research and development within medical industry has helped to ease aging population .
As a result , better healthcare services and facilities are created and have effectively reduced healthcare cost and elderly dependency .
With the constant advancement in healthcare system , people can enjoy a longer life with better health without putting the society in threat of aging .
To a large extent , I strongly agree that medical advancement have helped to ease the aging process .
In Singapore context , it states that 8 % of the Singapore 's population is over the age of 65 and by 2035 it will increase to 20 % .
Despite the above mentioned , I would like to stress that not the entire aging population can access to the medical advancement .
The reason is because medical advancement is too costly in Singapore .
As such , a lot of aging population in Singapore will not be able to afford the high fees for medical advancement that includes the use of advance technology in medicine and treatments .
This might also lead to the sign of withdrawal from part of the population who would choose not to seek any medical help due to their affordability of the fees for medical advancement .
On the other hand , this arising problem has alerted the government to offer financial aids for the needy aging population in Singapore .
The names of the insurance plans were called Eldershield and Eldershield Supplements ( as cited from Central Provident Fund Board Ask Us , 2009 , ) .
These programs will help provide helping hands for all needy aging population in Singapore .
This also encourage all the needy aging population in Singapore to sign up this insurance plan for them .
The reason for doing this is because the needy aging population in Singapore will be covered by this insurance plan .
Thus , when they want to use this insurance plan for any emergency uses , they can use it anytime .
Premiums for this insurance plan can also be made from Medisave .
Thus , all the needy aging population in Singapore will be taken care of by the Singapore government .
As such , families from aging population can also go to the respective hospitals to seek for financial aids for the medical advancement .
The Singapore government will be providing subsidy for all the elderly when they seek for medical advancement .
Thus , with the solutions given by the Singapore government , it will help all the aging population to gain an equal entitlement to the medical advancement .
In order to solve this high medical advancement expenses , Ministry of Health ( MOH ) has been reaching out to the senior citizen in Singapore by implementing mobile screening buses for the monthly health check ( as cited from Health Promotion Board , 2009 , ) .
Ministry of Health ( MOH ) has decided to make the efficient accessible screening more affordable and convenient for all the needy aging population in Singapore .
All the needy aging population just need to pay less than $ 10 for the blood test for their health check comprising of diabetes and high cholesterol .
This also resulted that all the needy aging population in Singapore were given a chance to receive certain treatments of the medical advancement in Singapore .
Not only that , all the residential committees ( RC ) and community centres in the neighbourhoods were promoting this meaningful and encouraging health program to the needy aging population in singapore .
Last but not least , I strongly agree that medical advancement have eased through the aging process with the help of the Singapore government .
Thus , this also shows that all the aging population in Singapore is being well taken care of by the Singapore government .
With the budget given by the government , the aging population in Singapore will be given an equal entitlement to the medical advancement so as to maintain a healthy lifestyle .
It is always a thorny issue when it comes to allocation of the budget pie for the country 's development .
Whether is it for educational , economical , societal or military advancement , it is of paramount importance that policy makers make suitable decisions in the best interests of the country and its people .
Teenagers who engage in unlawful behaviours that defy established criminal codes or deviate from societal norms may continue with their misbehaviours such as running away from school or home , or even petty crimes , if they fail to receive help from respective government bodies and the community .
These are complex social problems that might significantly impact other members of the society , and hence , development of the country , if not handled appropriately .
Many may argue that the elderly are also equally , if not , more in need of the funds , especially since they were once economically active , it 's only right that their welfare is being taken care off now that they have lost the ability to take care of themselves .
In addition , some would argue that it is of social obligation that this should be done .
But , like many countries , Singapore does not have a pension system for the retired old aged .
If the responsibility of taking care of the aged falls solely on the government , the huge increase in fiscal budget will not be an amount the existing workforce and taxpayers can meet .
Public funding is also required in the development of our education sector as Singapore continue to establish herself as an education hub .
On the hindsight , funding could also imply subsidies for needy students .
As former president of the United State of America once said , " Our progress as a nation can be no swifter than our progress in education .
Without sufficient funds from the government , these plans can not be implemented to the fullest extent .
People often mention that Singapore only have got human resource .
If significant amount of funds are needed in the education sector , there is then a need to limit expenditure on the aged .
Many may then question .
Why target public spending on the aged ?
Why not cut down other areas like urban renewal ?
Or even cutting back on military spending ?
I believe it is difficult question to answer directly because the essence of the argument lies in the fact that government should always spend wisely , where necessary , within the national budget .
Singapore being an island represented by a little red dot on the world map requires strong military defense as a form of deterrence against our potential aggressors .
This would prove vital for a country 's survival , especially when a weak army force may attract potential invaders .
In light of these reason , it would be justifiable if bigger share of the budget pie is given to the military .
It is difficult to draw the line as to who should be given how much of government 's budget .
But it is important to realize that , channeling funds into the education sector for example may bring about more productive future generation who would in turn help to support the old aged in time to come .
The Government has to make critical decisions , reviewing their decisions regularly , so as to determine which aspects of the country 's development should be the main focus at different period of time .
In the long run , the government must seek to make aging more secure for the older generation , at the same time less burdensome for the younger generation .
Not try to accommodate the aging issue while limiting public spending on the aged .
With their vast knowledge and rich experience from the many years of contributing to the society , the aged would definitely be an important resource the country could tap on .
In the highly modernized world , most democratic countries depend on their government for support in an array of areas , usually in the form of monetary support .
Such financial supports by the government are termed as public spending .
Hence the efficient allocation of funds on public spending is deemed important as there public spending is definitely not able to cover the amount of funds required by the entire society .
Hence , we should limit the spending on the elderly , but only to a small extent so as not to create another problem to the elderly which adds on to their already heavy burden .
In a pragmatic view , channeling large amounts of funds to the developments of the country such as research and development and education would in the long run benefit the country 's economic growth .
Nonetheless , the focus of a country is to grow and prosper and developments on other areas are seemingly more important .
Therefore , the society has to maintain a high standard of living as a developed world and since elderly is the bulk of the society ; we should spend more to help improve their live so as not to lower our overall standard of living .
Hence we should spend on other developments but not to the expense of forgoing that for the elderly .
Spending on education , research and development and urban renewal s are long term projects and needs a large amount of funding in order to succeed .
Much of the limited fund should be diverted to such projects which will be successful in the long run and profit generating .
In addition , this profit generated will make it easier to look after the old ( Robert B. Friedland and Laura Summer , March 2005 ) .
Spending on the elderly on the other hand is short term and not profit generating .
However , living in a democratic society , the interest of the people should be taken care of as well other than blindly focusing on the growth of the country so as to engage them as citizens which is crucial to a republic country .
Therefore , we should take into consideration of much more implications rather than economic growth of the country .
As such , public spending on the aged should not be forgone for developments of the country .
Society is made up of people and the interest of people is no doubt very important and on par with the country 's development .
Therefore , policy makers should take into consideration of different implications and not just being pragmatic in order to make sound allocation of the funds and the allocation should be divided equally in order to provide a fair distribution since both issues are as important .
Adult children face with the dilemma between providing for their aged parents or supporting their young children education .
CITATION Sal09 \ l 1033 ( Khalik , 2009 ) .
The elderly had commendable contribution to the society when they were younger and active in the workforce .
They had played their part in the economy by being a tax payer in the country and bringing investment to Singapore by being productive and efficient members of the workforce .
Hence , the elderly has significant contribution to the country even as they aged , which provides a strong background for the government and society to provide for the elderly .
The Asian moral values provides for individuals to help and respect their elders .
The elder population is seen to be knowledgeable with the ability to impart valuable lessons and experiences to the younger generation .
CITATION The04 \ l 1033 ( The Committee on Ageing Issues , 2004 ) .
Whereas , the physically impaired make up a relatively small part of the population in comparison and is present in different cluster of people .
It would thus , be more feasible for the physically impaired to turn to communal help from charitable organization than for the elder to turn to these organization for aids .
Areas of country 's developments such as expanding on economic capability through business investment , allocating financial resources on infrastructure and technology , and investing on human capital place greater importance than providing to the financial needs of aged .
In fact , a more prosper economy should provide the economic means to support the public spending on the aged .
A pragmatic government would rather channel resources to other areas of country 's developments .
In tourism sector , the focus is on two integrated resorts which are currently being developed .
Fusionpolis , Biopolis and business hubs are set up in various parts of Singapore .
Consequently , a larger tax base should then sufficiently provide a larger portion of public finances for the aged .
In countries such as United Kingdom , welfare system and pension scheme are in place .
We can increase public spending on aged , but it will compromise financial resources allocated for the general population .
Through training , re-training and investing on quality education , it nurtures the people .
More public finance on aged will compromise the investments on human capital .
In addition , the aged are not the only ones who require monetary support , other needy groups , such as handicaps , also require monetary support to fund their healthcare needs .
Nonetheless , the aged will also benefit monetarily when the economy prospers and tax payment has increased .
Apart from the improvement in telecommunication , our transport network has recently been extended , with an addition of Circle Line route , which doubles the MRT stations by 2020 .
With greater accessibility on public transport system , it improves efficiency and reduces travelling time for most people .
Although these projects have huge cost borne by the government , the benefits still outweigh the cost .
In comparison to public funds on aged , government only serves the social responsibility of looking after the aged .
In conclusion , aged people can not rely on government to take full responsibility for their needs since there are other priorities in country 's developments which will create job opportunities , greater economic revenues , convenience and efficiency.Though Government has a social responsibility to look after the aged , families should take up the bulk of responsibility for caring and providing essential needs .
With more competing interests for financial resources , public finance on aged is least of a concern .
it will definitely put a strain on the economic budget and reaps no economic returns if public spending on aged has no limits .
In many countries , there is a common similarity , a baby-boomer period .
Now , another similarity that most nations are facing is the ageing population .
However , the question is , how much of a focus should a country place in it when there are other important areas to look at as well ?
With the stiff competition amongst nations , public spending on the aged should be spend only if necessary , but more focus should be place in other aspects like for example , education , tourism and security which are the key factors to a country 's economy and thus the survival of it .
Funds placed in these aspects can help ease the ageing process in the long run , critically looking at minimizing the dependency of the aged on the governments .
I believe that measures to ease ageing issues can be done at low cost and effective at the same time .
There are several viable methods .
Strong emphasis of family support and educating the aged about taking responsibility of themselves for example like filial obligation , insurance , healthy lifestyle , financial planning and ensuring they have enough retirement fund .
There are more private sectors dealing in health and nutrition , financial consultants to help in the management of assets .
It is more of a one time method , when inculcated to become a habit and trend .
To those who are not educated , information may not reach out to them ; funds still has to be allocated to help them .
These are necessary spending that is unavoidable .
Some argue , that the aged are also part of a community , we should make sure we can provide more for them as well .
It is more ethical to do there and take up the responsibilities rather than finding them a social burden and just make sure that " just enough " funds for them or even neglect them just because of pragmatic reasons .
Government can encourage voluntary welfare organization to help those aged .
Responsibilities will be spread among larger group .
Without this , a nation will face stronger challenges , helping the aged will not be even possible .
It has been proven that countries with strong economy and security do pose a threat to others , example the four giants .
In the context of Singapore , being small , other than taking diplomatic approach , she also has to make sure her economy is strong and attractive for foreign countries or companies to invest in .
When more jobs are created , businesses prosper more could then be done to support the aged .
The aged should not be forgotten but spending on them needs to be limited , spend only if needed .
However , this will require the whole community 's effort to make sure that cultivation of moral values ; virtues are deeply rooted in them .
Public spending on aged can then be reduce much more and more must be placed in other developments that can bring prosperity to the nation and minimize social issues .
With much credit to swift medical advancements , average life span of a human being in America has shot up by 5 years in just a decade to 82 years today .
Such increase in longevity and the reduce in birth rates , will no doubt lead to an inevitable rise to the problems of aging , as there are fewer and fewer young people to support the rising number of elderly , whether financially or socially .
Aging is a big issue , governments from all over the world are pushing forward policies and Research and Developments to stem its economical and social impacts to a country .
In Singapore , our government has recently implemented a policy , Lift Improvement and Facilities Enhancement , which aims to improve the living conditions of single elderly or those who have been abandoned by their family .
The setting up of the senior citizens ' corner can also act as a platform for interaction among the elderly , especially when travelling out of their house is made easier , they would be more willing to engage in more social activities , thus becoming more receptive to happenings around them and learn to be more self reliant .
This current policy of facility upgrades is very comprehensive as it ensures the convenience , security , entertainment and thus the social well-being of elderly .
Lowered barriers of entry to the elder employment , allows the elderly to enter the workforce and maintain a spot in the society .
But in the case of elderly employment in Singapore , they tend to be given menial jobs , due to their physical and mental handicap as compared to younger workers , which are unattractive to the career-driven adults in Singapore and fill up the shortage in that area .
For instance , in Australia , 5 % of all the people aged 65 and above suffers from heart failure .
Although some elderly who suffers gentle heart failure could still maintain a relatively normal life , those who suffer to a severe extent have their day-to-day activities affected .
However with R&D in the area of heart-related diseases , led to the developments of new drugs and treatments to control and reduce the effects of heart failures to their everyday life .
Policies to upgrade housing in Singapore have improved the living conditions of the elderly , together with the setting up of the senior citizens ' corners , I am convinced that the elderly can now participate more actively in the society and live off with a higher social well being .
Also , having the elderly joining into the workforce can increase the total productivity and reduce the burden piled on family members .
Nonetheless , I am convicted to feel that current research and developments/ policies do play an important role to help ease the arduous aging process .
The State has a certain responsibility to provide for the old .
To simply cut back funds on the grounds that the elderly could no longer yield any economic profits is an irresponsible act .
The old is worthy of every resources spent on them as they are still important assets to the nation .
Changing norms and mindsets coupled with an increasingly high standard of living though , is driving children to abandon their parents .
For countries with small population such as that of Singapore , there exists the need to recruit foreign talents to fuel their economy .
One way to retain these foreigners is to improve on the welfare system for the aged .
The State share a part in supporting the elderly for these are the people who had have a hand in nation building and morphing the society which we lived in now .
Therefore , no matter whether it is due to moral obligation or for fulfilling one 's responsibility , compromising public spending on other areas of the country 's development for the aged is unavoidable .
Without the hard work of the older generation , we would not have the fundamental of our society .
The government should also engage in long term solution , like Research and Development , to save money .
To add on , Declining spending on the aged could have roused social problems .
Cases of conflicts over money problems at home ; elderly loitering in void decks and parks ; lonely elderly died and only discovered after a few days had passed , are not unheard of .
Nonetheless , Government intervention can minimize the possibility of having these problems .
The Maintenance of Parents Act is one good example of government intervention to make taking care of elderly mandatory when necessary .
Working class Singaporean would be motivated to work hard as they know government would contribute in taking care of them as they aged .
Taking Denmark for example , it is a welfare state , but yet , it is one of the top countries in income ranking ( OECD , 2005 ) It is also important to implement measures that require people to rely on oneself rather than government .
This is especially important , considering that Singapore had got one of the fastest aging populations in Asia , according to reports by the Ministry of Community Development , Youth and Sports ( MCYS ) .
Some of the developments and policies are the construction of studio apartments specially for the elderly , the upgrading of the Housing Board ( HDB ) lifts which helps to improve the elders living area , increasing the retirement age to allow the elders to be more self-dependent and implementing more healthcare benefits and subsidies for the elder Singaporean such as subsidies for community hospital stay .
These studio apartments were equipped with elderly-friendly features such as non- slip toilet tiles , grab poles and they are small , easy to upkeep while being offered at an affordable price .
The upgrading of lifts in the older flats , so that the lifts stops at every floor of the HDB flats also helped to ensure barrier-free accessibility for the elders .
Mainly due to the fact that not every flat was suitable to undergo lift-upgrading project and money were needed from the elderly in order for the projects to take place .
Longer working lives also meant that elders would continue to play an active role in contributing to the economy and society , thus making them feeling a sense of fulfilment .
Although increasing the retirement age would give rise to competition for the limited amount of jobs available and increase the unemployment rates .
The positive impacts of raising the retirement age still outweigh its ' negative impacts as nothing can replace the valuable experience that the elders would bring to the companies and the fact that single elders would also be able to earn more savings to look after themselves .
The government have thus planned healthcare subsidies and benefits for the elderly .
These healthcare subsidies would help to offload certain percentage of the community hospital 's fees .
There is one problem with this policy that is there are quite a few criteria that need to be fulfilled before an elderly could enjoy the healthcare subsidies and benefits .
The Singapore government had inputted many measures to help ease the aging process .
However as the aging population in Singapore becomes bigger in size , more research and development/ policies will need to be carried out to slow down the rapid growth of the aging population instead of easing the aging process .
As time passes , there is an increase in elderly in the society whereby 3 out of 10 people are elderly ( Statistics Singapore ) .
Researches generally targets the constellation of problems faced by the elderly , such as declining health - growing physically weak and feeble , emotional problems - live life in a shade of negativity , and social problems - feeling foreign and out of place in the society that they have once experienced .
For example , working more for the working-age citizens and attracting more foreign talents .
Furthermore , more elderly would be unemployed as they are unable to work as efficient as the working-age adults which cause their social circle to shrink .
They will feel out cast by the society as they have the mentality that they are useless , and unable to contribute to the society .
There is an improvement of the medical and science research to cure illnesses which are usually associated to old age such as research on heart diseases and invention of the artificial pancreas to replace any which fails with age .
In addition , Operations/ drugs have side effects which the elderly might not be able to recover from due to their failing health .
Government would have to tap into its budget to support the needy aged , resulting in a heavy burden on the working class .
Thus , these policies are ineffective without first changing the mindset of employers and would eventually cause social and economical problems in the society .
Yet , along with the well intentions of the government 's policy , negative effects may follow and the success of this policy will largely depend on the child 's on filial piety value .
For instance , elderly may be exploited by their children where the homes of these elderly turning into a dumping grounds for kids .
Evidently , the policies aimed at easing the aging process of a country have various aspects to fulfill in order for it to be effective .
However , deciding on how much the government should contribute is a feat as a society has many needsit is the role of the government is to weigh which issues should be focused on in the short and long term .
For instance , in a recent Business Times article , it was mentioned that " government spending on Infocomm technology is set to rise 8 % " .
( 2009 , February 19 ) The Business Times .
Singapore can tap on the aging population to assist in the growth of the country : " Singapore , with its well-established reputation for clinical and medical excellence , is poised to tap on Asia 's growing and aging population andentrench itself as a premier regional healthcare hub .
" Singapore Tourism Board , ( 2003 , October 20 ) Singapore Set to be Healthcare Services Hub of Asia .
The government has assured that he would " pour in more resources into healthcare " .
Channel NewsAsia ( 2009 , August 17 ) Healthcare system to be restructured to cater to ageing population .
Furthermore , with an increasing emphasis on filial piety , the government is able to ensure that the aged are taken care of even as they concentrate on defense , education , tourism and even the needy who require aid and are all in all vital to the growth of Singapore as a nation .
This quotation implies to everyone , including the government to make wise decision when allocating limited resources in order to reduce further , unnecessary wastage .
There is much concern about the governmental decision to allot a huge sum of the national budget on the elderly as it is uncertain on whether the investment on the aged will attribute or detrimental to the country 's development .
The best alternative is therefore to make a more sizeable investment by limiting the spending on the aged and diverts the budget to other areas of the country 's development .
Thus , those with chronic ailments were unable to seek the proper treatment they are supposed to get .
If the public spending is limited , children will have to send their parents to the appropriate level of the treatment and this will reduce wastage and increases efficiency in quality of care at the same time .
Investment especially in enhancing the medical research will make everyone better off and also indirectly helps the elderly in a way .
This will eventually increase the life span not only for the elderly , but also to the other generations .
Thus , diverting the budget from the elderly to R&D will provide mutual advantage for both the elderly and the economic development .
Government should invest more in the current education of the youth instead of investing the budget in the elderly .
This will help the elderly indirectly as the children are trained to embrace the Eastern value to respect and taking care of their parents .
In view of providing mutual advantage to both elderly and economic development , it is best for the government to revise on its budget allocation so that the right proportion of budget is divided wisely among the ministries in the country .
Elderly should not be granted a lump sum but instead divert the fund to other areas which will lead to future economic growth .
This is because administrating the budget to the elderly is only one-way benefit but if the budget is allocated to other areas such as Education and R&D , everyone including the elderly can enjoy the advantage .
What are therefore needed are a wise policy planning and a closer look at how the allocation will influence our future and society as a whole .
This has raise concerns about the issue of our graying population and how can we allocate our limited resources efficiently .
During the recent years , the increasing competition between the old and other groups in the society for scarce resources has been on many countries political agenda .
However , due to practical reasons , spendings have to be limited .
We tend to need more health care as we age , in addition to that , medical advancement has led to a rising health care cost , these has led to an increased pressure on the nation 's budget .
The government can not afford to bear the huge cost of public spending on the aged , as it would drain the government resources .
If we fail to limit the public spending on the aged , the pressure is likely to have an effect on public spending for other priorities , and also affect economic growth .
In conclusion , public spendings on the elderly should be limited due to the social problems which may arise from the lack of limitation , the huge cost of the these public spending and the sustainability of the spendings .
Most countries , by now , should be aware about the increment in the ageing population and also the heavy expenditure it brings about .
Robert b. Friedland and Laura Summer ( 2005 ) mentioned public policies that encourage and facilitate education , basic research , and the application of promising technologies can enhance the well-being of current and future generation of older people .
Indeed , some countries , despite facing ageing population , do not make expenditure on the elderly as their first priority , for example , Singapore .
Nevertheless , with the good economic growth it is facing , the issue on the aged is taken care very well .
This essay aims to discuss that by channeling public expenditure on other factors of development of a country will not only boost the economy but indirectly benefit the elderly too .
A person who have received an education not only benefit from having more knowledge and skills but has higher productivity and is able to command a relatively higher wage for his contribution in the economy .
As such , by investing in a good education , it will benefit a country in the long run .
For example , Singapore government realized that quality education was the key to creating a pool of Singaporeans who were well qualified and highly productive and as a result , this might lead to an economic boost .
Also , incentives should be provided to students who wish to proceed to higher education level , meaning the tertiary level .
One of the reasons mentioned is " typical college graduates earn 73 percent more than a typical high school graduate , and those with advanced degrees earn two to three times as much as a high school graduates " ( Baum and Payae , 2005 , p. 9 ) .
However , it has remained a reality that by forcing people to increase their productivity labor through having more knowledge and skills is indeed , stressful for them .
Adding on , people today are becoming work-oriented and adding to the notion of higher standard of living , they tend to be " afraid " of getting married as they do not want to burden themselves with the expenditures they have to face when having a family .
Still , in order to counter such reaction , the government has provided various incentives like the baby bonus introduced in Singapore which is to promote marriage and also providing incentives to boost birthrate .
Next , public spending on the economic sector , international trade , will make a country more affluent , hence benefiting the society especially the aged .
Free trade allows wider range of goods and services and most importantly it is cost saving .
With trade , it forces a country to be niche in a certain area , for example , Singapore economy is generally capital and knowledge intensive .
As a result , Singapore has strong tripartite ties between research institutes , industry and universities facilitate a fluid exchange of ideas and competencies that assist the fast adoption of innovative creations .
This results in a 'domino effect ' if one of the countries involved in the trade faces an economic downturn .
An example would be the current economic downturn faced by United States .
USA is one of the prominent countries involve in the international trade and as a result to its economic downturn it adversely affected countries like Singapore who practice an open economy .
Despite this , Singapore was not really badly overthrown by USA 's economic deficit due to the government 's strong policies in handling such situation .
Indeed , Singapore niche in R&D has resulted in the advancement in the healthcare sectors ; better healthcare facilities .
Since the aged are usually the ones in need of healthcare facilities , they greatly benefitted from it .
Hence , public expenditures to boost international trade have resulted in the investment of R&D which significantly benefitted the aged in terms of better healthcare services .
Lastly , public spending should be channel to providing better infrastructure .
In Singapore , the creation of The Circle Line that would be fully operated by 2011 , has increased the accessibility of places in the country .
As a result , people can easily get to their specific destination at a short period of time .
However , with the increasing affluence and standard of living , the people are now afford to purchase cars and thus , getting around would not be so much hassle .
Better infrastructure also made the government improve its transportation system .
Also , with better infrastructure provide , more investors are incline to invest in the country resulting to a boost in economy .
Hence , not only expenditure on the development of infrastructure indirectly improvised the public transports but also boost a country 's economic development .
Clearly , by shifting public expenditures to other development of the country , it not only boost a country 's development and make living more comfortable within the country , it also indirectly benefitted the elderly too .
Aging population are compelling governments to create or revise policies and development that may affect life of citizens .
Policy makers start facing the challenges such as how changes in the ratio of working-age citizens to retirees affect the ability of the public to fund for the aged .
In what ways can the health system adapts to the needs of the aged who have a higher probability of having chronic diseases .
Lastly will the implementation of policies result in increase or decrease in public saving and investments .
No doubt , country is working on policies that can help to ease the aging process .
However , for policy makers their main objectives are to think of policies and developments which can help the country in expansion or to ensure that it will not hinders economic growth .
In order for country expansion , policy makers are working on developments that can provide a valuable " public product " such as education and infrastructure .
The development on education sector will enable the further generations to be more educated and to possess a higher level of skills .
With development in both education and infrastructure , foreign investors will choose to set up their companies in a country with a pool of talents and with great infrastructure with this it can boost up the country economics .
Nevertheless working policies and development to ease the aged can help with the country expansion .
This can be achieve by emphasize in increasing and raising more productive children in the further generation as mention " by raising more productive children so that the cost burden is spread over a larger and more affluent future generation " ( Paterson , 2001 ) .
At such , a win- win situation can be achieved as we not only ease the aged population but also assist in country expansion .
These technological tools are developed to make life of the aged easier , less stressful and even healthier for them to continue live independently .
For example , monitoring systems are currently researched to allow the aged to remain in their homes longer even they are being treated with chronic diseases , rather than moving them into a nursing home which may incurred more costs .
Lastly , research in life science areas has show ways to prolong human life and to prevent illness .
A recent research that lighter meals may prolong human life by having calories-restricted diets .
Calories restricted diets can induce a slowdown of the aging process and showing increased survival , resistance to diseases , prevent brain deterioration and lastly on less muscle loss .
In additional research states , that oxidative stress may help prolong life as oxidative stress has link with aging , cancer and other disease .
With the research and advancement in life sciences to prolong human life and prevention of illness can help to reduce the fiscal costs on heath care .
In conclusion , research , development and policies help to ease the aging process is relative important .
For instance , increase and raising productive children not only can reduce the cost burden spread but also to attract foreign investors to invest in the country with pool of talent .
Secondly , technology advancement will enable the aged to live independently even they suffered with chronic diseases and their children can spend more time to focus on their work .
Therefore , we must pay attention to focus on current research , development and policies to ease the aging process .
Government usually faces problems caused by aging population .
Problems such as shrinking workforce and increased need in healthcare support have been exerting pressures on government spending .
As the national budget is limited , decisions on the allocation of resources have to be made regularly to create a better livelihood for its people whom include the young , the working adults and the aged .
Despite the important role played by government in ensuring the well being of the aged , there should be a balance in maintaining its social presence to prevent the elderly from over relying them .
Moreover , in an Asian society like Singapore , it is also the moral obligations of children to perform filial piety towards their parents financially and emotionally .
Some people argue that welfare of the aged is a full responsibility of the government as they have contributed to the society for many years and it is a way of showing appreciation to them .
However , the limitless spending on them will hurt the country 's development on areas which are of importance such as education , employment and communication infrastructures .
Moreover , if the government decides to retain its limit of spending on the aged , higher tax burden will eventually be imposed to increase revenues to fund the areas .
The government should increase expenditure in this area to maximize the potential of each individual from young .
Creating such awareness is crucial during this period as it prepares them mentally and financially of the challenging aging process .
In other words , government which spends more on this area not only benefits the young now but also the old in the future .
As a result , job dissatisfaction of the people will lead to a rise in the unemployment .
Thus , creating the desired job opportunities often lies in the role of government to rectify the deficit .
As the world has been globalized , the need to stay connected and informed with one another is necessary for a country to develop economically .
For example , in order to enable efficient trades globally , telecommunication network has to be maintained and improved to reach out to other parts of the world .
Hence , government spending on infrastructures is important to boost the economy .
A decrease in the spending to fulfill the constant needs of an aging population will not be worthwhile to incur the economic loss resulted from the communication breakdown .
Therefore , it is critical to spend more in the areas to develop the country 's economy rather to adhere to the needs of the aging population and bear full financial support .
The dawn of the twenty-first century has not slowed down the technological progress that man has been perusing for so many decades .
The policy that resulted from economical research stated that the size of today 's economy and tax base could be increased by encouraging the inflow of working age immigrants .
For instance , the policy that advocates late retirement means that the working period of the citizen is extended beyond the usual age of 55 and 60 .
Although it aims for the greater good , by providing the elderly with greater self sufficiency , it is more harmful in the long term because the most critical issue here is the health of the elderly persons .
This does not ease the problems of the aged or their children who are coping with the rising prices of goods and services and caring for their children in addition .
There are systems that will assist you in various day to day activities without the presence of another person including washing oneself , dressing up and doing one 's toilet .
For this seems to be a rather effective policy , with the value-added element of being able to lighten the economic burden supported by the government otherwise .
It consequently does ease the aging process , for the elderly person need not be at the mercy of others to obtain full medical care and other comforts .
Hence , the progress of the world in aspects of technology , economy and social policies have by far and large proven to be beneficial to the elderly gentleman of today 's society .
It has made his life after retirement one of relaxation , with comforts close at hand , always .
It has made him more independent from others , and ceased to be seen as a burden in the eyes of his children and society .
The trend of ageing population is here to stay .
Therefore , as much as other problems , mainly those dealing with the economy , may seem to demand and need more immediate attention , the ageing population issue can not be ignored and the spending on this area should not be reduced in order for majority of the population to benefit .
Some people may argue that elderly dependency should be reduced through various means CITATION Pet011 \ l 1033 ( Peterson , 2001 ) to make way for other developments in other areas , especially the economic sector .
This is due to the lack of job opportunities and not because of the lack of proper skills in the workers .
However , this does not affect majority of the population .
The elderly is the more vulnerable group in this situation due to the fact that they are not capable of generating income to provide for themselves .
Besides , stressing on filial piety at this point in time is not going to be of any help since the working adults should probably be busy fending for themselves .
Furthermore , there is also a need to continue to provide such support to the elderly for the government to retain support and instill a sense of belonging amongst the citizens to the prevent people from migrating .
As much as the policies being implemented currently are able to attract foreign talents to become citizens of Singapore , native Singaporeans still seem to be unsatisfied .
The current net migration rate stands at 5.82 migrant ( s ) /1,000 population CITATION CIA09 \ l 1033 ( CIA World Factbook , 2009 ) .
Even so , this figure is attributed by the influx of foreign talents .
In a nutshell , government budget spending on elderly should not be reduced as it would potentially be unfavourable especially since the current aging trend involves the " baby boomers " , a substantial amount of people .
In fact , there should be an increase in such spending as the aging trend is set to increase in future .
Population aging does not cause problems only in wealth and developed countries such as USA , Japan and Singapore , but is also faced by developing countries such as China and Thailand as well .
The significant contributions of the aged on a country 's infrastructure , economics , and many other things should not be forgotten .
The young generation should be grateful to their senior citizen 's contribution because the prosperity of today 's country is built by the older generation when they are young .
For example , Mr Lee Kuan Yew , the Minister Mentor of Singapore , who always gives advice to Singaporean Government .
Public spending on the aged such as health spending should not be limited .
In fact , the aged are more vulnerable to fall sick than young people as their immune system are degenerating .
Peterson ( 2001 ) has mentioned that healthcare was once meant an occasional visit to the doctor , but it has today become a lifelong process .
So government should aid them .
For instance , government can subsidize their medical expense so that the aged can have lower rates on health care spending .
As a result , the aged with low income are usually reluctant to see doctor whey they are not feeling well .
As a consequence , an illness may not be discovered in early stage and will only be discovered when it becomes severe .
However , if the illness has became too severe , it might lead to life danger and it will be much more expensive to cure it .
As we all know , the senior citizen is one of the groups with lowest income .
It follows that we often heard the aged living in poverty .
On the contrary , the increasing in public spending on the aged by the government will increase the fiscal budget .
Therefore , the spending in other essential areas such as infrastructure , financial , and education will have to cut down .
The cut downs of spending in these essential areas might hinder the growth of a country .
However , in my opinion , every choice we made definitely has an opportunity cost which means something has to be given up in order to attain the objective we want .
This compromises the opportunity cost that this amount can be used on , namely on education , health care and creating economic growth .
Public spending on the aged , should thus be limited in a country , for the money can be used to further enhance societal growth as a whole , and not just focused solely on this particular age group .
Children are the future and the hopes of our society , for they provide us with the enthusiasm and vigor towards new technological breakthroughs and societal betterment .
Solutions ranging from micro everyday problems like constructing better roads to ease traffic to major predicaments like global warming and environment conservation can surface with greater education for the future generations .
Providing subsidies for education benefits and scholarships encourage students to excel in their academic work .
This , as a result , allows for easier implementation for policies which advocate the environment and society welfare .
Obesity , high cholesterol levels and diabetes are diseases that shot up in the last century due to greater wealth and easier access to unhealthy diets and lifestyles .
A country with a flourishing economy finds investors more readily to invest there and the people stand to enjoy the range and variety of material comforts that a thriving market economy is able to provide .
Proponents of substantial public spending on the greying population issue will argue that the problem will escalate due to a declining birth rate , resulting in a proportionately larger population of elderly in the world .
Thus , we should solve the problem we are facing now , rather than allocating resources in other areas .
We definitely have to allocate resources towards this growing issue of greying population , but we should limit the spending to only what is sufficiently necessary , and not to the extent that it handicap the society with a large financial burden .
Instead , we should allocate use of the resources towards betterment of the society , bringing up ideas and opportunities that can possibly solve this problem subsequently .
Recently , studies can be shown that Singapore is becoming to have the fastest aging populations in the world ( Bryan , 2008 ) .
The elderly people are already taking around a quarter of the population in Singapore .
What is then needed is the public expenditure towards the needs of the aging population should be carefully looked into instead of diverting it to the country 's development .
Firstly , slow population growth results in an increased of burden for the young population to take care of their parent ( Peterson , 2001 ) .
For example , when the families have an average of one child instead of two or three children , the only child will have a very huge task and burden to take care of his or her family in the future .
The rising health care costs make it even tough for the child to cope with it and some are not willing to support their parent .
Secondly , there is a scheme called Central Provident Fund ( CPF ) , which is to make Singaporeans start saving when they are young , but it is not enough for them to survive with having CPF alone .
Although the government enforced individual saving through CPF , not every people will benefit from it .
Self-employed people do not have CPF as they are not working under any employers , so the employees and employers do not contribute part of the employees ' salary to the CPF .
This makes them to have not much savings when they grow old .
Thirdly , the aging people are very important to the society and country .
Without them , the country and people will not be so prosperous and developed now .
They still contribute to the society by looking after their grandchildren when the parent are working and our Minister Mentor , Mr Lee Kuan Yew , who still contribute very much to the country 's polities although he is over eighty years old .
They are still very much important and the government must help take care of them in a way and not to overlook them .
Lastly , elderly people tend to have different needs and behaviours than younger people .
Those people aged 70 and above have even weaker health than people of aged 50 to 70 .
As so , they will place further demand on government funds .
At this point , one may wonder that aging population is a very important issue to take note .
However , country 's development is also one of the matters that Singapore needs to be concerned of .
Having to maintain good trade relationship with the other countries such as having free tax and levy on imports and exports will help to grow the economy and benefit the people in Singapore .
All of these will boost the county 's economy .
Singapore is moving through a transformation to an aging society .
The challenge is to encourage healthy and productive life of the aging population and find ways for them to contribute more to the society so that they can play a valuable role for the country .
The government should not use aging population as a reason to limit public spending as they always encourage productive and healthy living for the elderly people .
The issue of aging population should be taken seriously , and more has to be put in place in addressing the issue .
First of all , money can be diverted to Singapore 's education system so as to increase the productivity of the younger generation to acquire sufficient wealth for future financial burden ( Peterson , 2001 ) .
Also , the government can direct more technological resources to school so as to better equip the younger generation in the technological-edged world , improving their economical worth .
In addition , the government can instill filial obligation ( Peterson , 2001 ) or family values and encouraging early marriage by diverting money in crafting new programmes via the education system .
These ensure while the younger generation is able to contribute economically , they do not neglect the filial obligation towards the aged and at the same time hope to raise fertility .
Secondly , money can be diverted to Singapore 's architecture developments in terms of increasing the accessibility of physical facilities for the aged .
New lifts are being installed in both new and old public housing blocks so that it now stops on every floor instead of the old , which only stops on every third or fourth floor .
Drawing from these two examples , money should be diverted to Singapore 's architecture developments as it acts as a long term investment the government has towards the issue of aging population .
If the government is to cut back on his funding , social agencies will face difficulties in sustaining their operation , not to mention the support they are able to provide for the aged .
Diverting money to Education and Architecture developments will prove to be beneficial for the aged and the generations to come .
Aging society is a primary concern for most parts of the world , especially the developed countries .
Hence , public spending should be limited on the aged .
Economy growth is vital to a country as with a good economy , it increases government revenue .
To achieve economic growth , productivity and knowledge of workforce is important .
For instance , in Singapore , the government set up an Employment and Employability Institute ( e2i ) .
In addition , emphasis should be placed on educating the young generation , as they will be the future workforce .
For that reason , student exchange programs in schools are increasing .
These taxes paid are a significant amount added to the public funds .
One of the ways to improve economy is to ensure the competitiveness of the workforce by having and encouraging people to upgrade their skills .
The other way is to have students receiving quality education since young .
Every year , governments take into serious considerations on the allocations of their limited public spending .
One of the reasons why social development has the highest percentage is because governments are facing the problems of aging population and are looking for ways to resolve them .
However , some argued that public spending should not be limited to the aged .
Furthermore , elder people tend to be less efficient than the younger working adults .
Hence , it is vital that government does its part by diverting more of its spending to help the aged .
In order to reduce the needs of the aged to fully depend on the government , the government should encourage the aged to support themselves instead .
Hence , with the creation of more jobs , the government can assist the aged to secure a job and allow them to support themselves , with the condition that they are still in healthy conditions .
The idea of limiting the spending on the aged and diverting the money to the improving of education system and creating of more job opportunities is to prevent the over-reliance of the aged on the government , eliminating the wrong perception of " I will still survive with this 'free ' money from the government " .
" To a large extent , current research and development/policies have helped to ease the aging process " Looking at large scale , there are a number of countries have problem with the aging issue which is the faster the elders ' rate increases , the more urgently the problem must be solved .
Therefore , the governments are funding for many realistic researches and technologies to weigh down the deadweigh loss of aging process .
Although there still have some burden apportionments that should be considered such as the cost of facilities , equipment and finding sponsorship to make the development , it is proved that we must be serious in extending the method of easing aging process .
By 2025 this ratio is forecast to be 0.59 people under 20 for every person older than 65 " ...we can observe that the dramatically increasing proportion of elderly will have tremendously wide impacts on our society .
Firstly , The elderly seem to be burdensome for young generation for the young must share their budgets to take care of the elder .
Secondly , the increase of the elder 's rate can cause trouble in health care costs which means more funds used for maintaining healthy life for no-more-able-working portion in society .
Therefore , we must have some solutions to solve this critical problem .
Let take a look in Singapore policies nowadays .
Under the thread of bearing the burden of aging , the Singapore 's government implements some policies such as constructing the new infrastructures for the elder and for the next generations also .
Besides , the policy makers also plant to extend the financial security of the elderly through either rising the working age or prolonging the retirement bursaries .
Those policies are easing gradually the aging process for they create good conditions to the elder who would be likely thought as useless elements in society have more opportunities to contribute their productive labour and have more happiness for the rest of their life .
Furthermore , the improvement of healthcare system is also lightening the aging burden .
More and more medication innovation has applied to extend the expectation of life so that the working-age has been lengthened consequently .
As the result , the productivity of citizen has also increased rapidly which leads to the increase in national revenue .
Despite of the disagreement among economists about the cost of investing money in developing new technologies and drugs for maintaining good heath for the elder , the investment in health care is profitable and wise .
When the elderly workers have more choices to keep their healthy lives longer , they are eager to become potential consumers for medical care ; therefore , the national budget will grow tremendously which relatively increase a big amount of GDP rate ( cited in the " Government will control media cost ?
So the fact that the governments put efforts to develop health care system is logical and actually they have done well .
For example , according to the National Bureau of Economic Research study by economists Laurence Kotlikoff and Christian Hagist : " the study found that the annualized rate of growth in government spending on health care was not only tops in the U.S. , at 6.23 percent , but that the rate of growth here was the fastest relative to increases in gross domestic product among the 10 countries studied .
Hence , the USA spent money on nursing , building hospitals and strengthening clinical care for the elder .
Likewise , in Singapore , the government spends S $ 110 million to pay basic Medishield premiums for two years for Singaporeans aged 61 to 69 so that 90 % of the elder can have health care benefits ( cited in Asian metacare paper ) .
In short , from the economical and social points of view , we can conclude that the elder have been taken care of well than in the past by the improvement of technological equipments , healthy care systems and the serious awareness of the governments .
The elder must be respected because they are the factor to make the society be better-off in either economics or society .
As the result , we should continue to put efforts in dealing with the aging process issue .
As a result of a growing aging population , public spending on the aged has increased in an attempt to minimize the negative impacts of a fast aging population .
Such strategy translates to increasing pressure on national budgets and economies which can be used in other areas of the country 's development .
Some have argued that public spending on the aged is redundant as the productivity and contributions of the aged to the nation is questioned .
However , the assumption that the aged is non productive is untrue due to the increasing emphasis on healthcare .
This allowed the aged to remain healthy and continue working hence they are able to remain productive despite their age .
Therefore , public spending on the aged is crucial in ensuring the continuance productivity of the aged which in turn benefits the country .
Firstly , the high medical and healthcare services fees can " substantially drain the resources of many elderly " ( Friedland , & Summer , 2005 , p.17 ) .
Despite having insurance coverage , it is still possible that the medical bills are insufficiently covered .
Therefore , the government should not neglect the healthcare benefits for the aged as the consequence is undesirable .
This indicates a lack of resource , whether monetary or non monetary to support the large numbers of elderly .
Besides , it brings us back to the aspect of high medical expenditures where the younger generations are probably unable to afford as well .
He is likely to face financial constraints due to the high medical expenditures .
To solve this problem , public spending on the aged can provide an alternative resource to support the aged which therefore lighten the burden of the younger generations .
In addition , the additional healthcare resource can improve the health of the elderly hence , enhancing the productivity of the aged .
Thirdly , the shrinking ratio of younger generations in the future indicates the importance of elderly to remain productive to the economy .
However , this scenario may change in the future due to the lack of human resource in the job market .
To prevent the disruption of labour market , elderly are likely to remain in the work force in the near future .
Therefore , the public spending on the aged is as crucial as other areas of country 's development .
In conclusion , the assumption that public spending should be used in other areas of country 's development due to the lack of productivity of the aged is flawed .
One crucial is problem the increase in government expenditure for the aging population which in turn strains the future working population .
One segment of policies that the government has implemented is to increase the total fertility rate of Singapore .
The scheme caused an adverse effect as it only focuses on the explicit costs .
Some of which includes giving up one 's career to take care of their children .
Therefore , with the progressive economy , many prefer to establish their careers before having children .
Parents in this modern society want their children to be equipped with numerous amount of skill to prepare them for the future workforce .
However , the Medisave scheme have proven to be insufficient because medical expenses for the elderly are simply too high that one 's Medisave savings can be used up within one week ( Popatlal , 2009 ) .
This problem becomes worst if the elderly does not have any children or children who choose to neglect their responsibilities to support their elder 's healthcare finances .
On the other hand , housing policies may have an opposite effect as some couples may misuse the policy by using the grant for their own benefit .
The current development of new community hospitals which links up with the main hospitals is an example of a measure that will ease the aging process .
Easing the aging process by establishing policies that solves explicit problems has proved to be inadequate .
This may include the impact of the rise in living expenses and the influences of the western culture .
Ageing Population has become an unprecedented fast developing phenomenon reining many countries in the 21st century , more prominently in the developed countries .
In face with low birth rate , policy makers are concerned about the social and economic impacts brought about by this phenomenon .
Despite strains experienced on public spending , to a large extent in my opinion that the well being of the elderly should be attended to first with priority before any other aspects come into considerations during policy making .
Only so can then the other problems arising from an ageing population be resolved simultaneously .
With longer average life expectancies in the ageing population , demand for a good healthcare system to be in place is critical .
With higher standard of livings as compared to past conditions , people are living longer today .
Therefore government has the need to channel more resources into building of healthcare infrastructures and services .
A good healthcare system will be one whereby the elderly are able to access with ease in time of needs and that it should be one that is made affordable to all .
Nobody should be deprived from receiving of treatments on any grounds .
Investments on a good healthcare system would ensure that the ageing population is healthy and hence more government attention could then be diverted onto issues like economic development and etc .
Moreover a healthy ageing population would also mean that more labours will be available for deployment and hence contributing to the nation 's productivity and development indirectly .
' This point justifies that by reducing the budget in necessary public spending on the aged might in fact hinder the country 's development under certain circumstances .
Increasing investment of capitals in amenities such as day care centres , elderly friendly housings and facilities , establishing more homes for the elderly etc should be carried out in response to the ageing population .
Despite the increase in capital investments on elderly friendly amenities , the allocated budget for country 's development need not be jeopardized .
Instead governments could undergo reallocation of budget whereby more funds initially set aside for childcare amenities be transferred to fund the development of elderly friendly amenities since the precede needs fewer resources due to low birth rate in the population .
Moreover having in place all the amenities for the elderly , it would allow the elderly to be more independent and less reliant in taking care of themselves .
More policy making attentions and resources hence could be placed on other aspects in the country 's development as a result .
However welfare for the elderly should be offered on varying levels with accordance to individual elderly needs , in order to better allocate a country 's limited resources and eliminate inefficiency and wastage ( Peterson , 2001 ) .
As shown by several welfare states such as Britain and Canada , the pension scheme might cripple peoples ' motivation to work and brought about early retirement .
This in turn would lead to lower labour deployment for the country and hence lower productivity , having an adverse effect on the country ' development .
Increased public spending in this case encourages senior citizens to stay idle , when the resources can be better diverted to other areas of country 's development .
This reminds policymakers to adopt a more caution mindset while allocating fund to public spending .
We have identified that public spending on the aged is necessary due to changing demographic patterns of today 's society and should not be disregarded .
Only when the ageing population issue is well managed can then lead to a desirable outcome on the country 's development .
However public spending budgets should be drafted with more considerations to avoid any misuse of the country 's resources .
Undoubtedly , the spending on the aged is essential as they have contributed to our society greatly , but this should only be done to an extent and shall not be the full responsibility of the government .
Moreover , the advances in technology , prolonged the life expectancy of every single human , making expenditure for old age soars to a great high , due to the high medical cost .
According to the Friedland and Summer ( 2005 ) , if a nation spend more on the aged , besides slowing down the growth of the nation , it will also create more costly problems in future .
These problems include insufficient housing for the people , higher unemployment rate and insufficient budget for the future aged population may occur .
Therefore , public spending on the aged should be limited to an acceptable level whereas it covers the neediest that are desperate for help , while most of the other portions of the public fund should be invested into the expansion of the nation to generate more funds for the aged when the investments ripen .
A country that is not expanding as fast as the population grows will bring forward insufficient housing for its people .
Hence , the reduction in housing spending while spending more on the aged , may cost the government more to subdue the problem created by the former .
This is because the government may need to build and set up temporary accommodations for the homeless , where the manpower , materials and resources will cost more than the problem associated with the limited spending on the aged .
Furthermore , the people will lose the loyalty and sense of belonging to the country when there is n't even shelter above their heads .
This may cause mass emigration of the working age group which will bring down the nation 's economy largely and further implicates the aging population problem .
The other implication of overspending on the aged will be slowing down the growth of the economy which leads to unemployment as the market is unable to support the additional people .
This again will cost the government even more as now the government will need to support the increased number of people whom are in needs .
Furthermore , the current working age group may not have anything to rely on when they grow old as the government did not invest enough in the market while placing large amount of the funds on the aged population now .
This is an act of unfilial .
Another social issue will be the aged takes the government helps for granted and being inconsiderate for depriving those aged people who are really in needs such as those old single women and disabled aged personnel .
These two social issues will not happen if there is limitation on the public spending on the aged for the fund will help those who are really in need rather than it is entitled to all elderly .
In conclusion , public spending should be limited to an extent where no single needy is deprived from the assistance .
The government should also diversify the funds to develop the economy , so when economy grown , means there will be more money for the government to support those aged who are unfortunate and vulnerable .
On the other hand , the people will also have greater disposable income , to be self reliance , in order to support their aged parents .
As reported by SDS ( 2008b ) , we have a decreasing old age support ratio , with 17 residents aged 15 64 years old supporting one senior citizen aged 65 and above in 1970 , reduced to just 8.4 in 2008 .
Instead of just 'feeding ' , the government aims to get senior citizens to learn a new way of fishing emphasizing self-reliance unless impossible .
If majority of our senior citizens are able to be as independent and pro-active , it helps to ease the dependency on our younger working population .
Even with the plethora of schemes , policies and aid , there will always be some who are unable to be as independent .
It can be a range of reasons , such as disability , health , old age and even their mentality towards post-retirement work .
As expected , percentage " increased to 77.9 % for those aged 75 and above " ( MCYS , 2006 , p.9 ) .
At the same time , it could be the mindset of some senior citizens , who feel the government should be footing their bills , as a right being the country 's eldest .
With the foresight of our country 's leaders , sociologists and policy makers , Singapore has many solutions to help alleviate the problems and hopefully , work towards sustaining the country better .
Everyone has a part to play , regardless as a working adult , a retiree , an elderly or more importantly , as a citizen .
To experience a changing state of the body , generally for the worse , an individual could undergo tremendous amount of psychological stress .
Thus , besides the critical assessment of allocating and maximising the use of the country 's resources , the government also have a part to play in ensuring that the people have a smooth transition into old age .
There have been many proposed strategies , policies and researches that acts to target people of all ages in alleviating the effects of a greying population .
But , because such approaches tend to operate with the concept of initial loss and future substantial gain , the majority may be unwilling to accept such propositions .
As such , I do not agree on the statement that the current policies have helped to ease the aging process to a large extent .
Although this method follows a " institutional-redistributive model " ( Metha & Wee , 2004 ) that is beneficiary to all citizens of Singapore , it involves the compulsory allocation of a portion of the salary , which in a short-term perspective is unfavourable .
Goals like car ownership may be disrupted by such interventions since the supposedly 'extra income ' is used to cover the individual for insurance and possible medical cost .
Through a holistic approach of both attitudes and actions towards such policy , it can then be comfortable for them in apprehending ageing .
They have to align their ideology with that of the government to reap the equal benefits of such policies .
He believes that through the upgrading of the people , they can contribute more to the society with the newly imparted skills .
In contrast , by creating policies to boost productivity of the workforce , the government would firstly have to set aside resources for upgrading and incentive , posing more potential of cutting welfare programs of the aged to fund the new regime .
Since the intended result is also not substantial , imposing these policies may then cause aggravation to the people as most may prefer our resources to be put into more beneficial and tangible use like funding welfare programs .
The people may not work more despite the fact that they became more qualified in multiple professions .
Thus , in order for such policies to ease the issue of a greying population , the paradigm of aiding the country must be observed by the society .
I would also like to highlight that in the National Day 's Rally 09 ' speech made by PM Lee , he has also re-emphasised on the significance of social responsibility .
He mentioned that though Singapore is on the way of new hospitals and strategies of saving cost in the recovery of the economical downturn , the community themselves should be obliged to maintain a healthy lifestyle ( 2009 ) .
The aged have to acknowledge that community hospitals are recommended for rehabilitation while the general hospitals are meant for acute problems .
Families and communities should also supervise the wellness of these people through regular medical checks or even maintaining a healthy social network .
There are many existing initiatives that the society can play in the absence of such policies to ease the ageing process .
By campaigning pro-activeness as an integral part of the people 's lives , we can be certain that for any policies implemented , it will be embraced by the majority 's positive perceptions .
Thus , with societal and governmental support , the process of ageing will be eased not only through the dampening fiscal consequences but also very importantly , the willingness of the society in comprehending the greying issue .
Japan , United kingdom , France , Singapore , United States are some countries that are facing the inevitable challenge of an aging population .
Various measures are implemented by state to cope with the rising needs of the old age .
Government has increased national expenditure to provide extra subsidies and financial aid for the old age .
In my opinion , I disagree that public spending on the aged should be limited so that money can be channelled into other areas of development .
Many elderly in society are still in need of public funds to support them financially , to subsidise for their costly healthcare bills and also to enjoy more elderly services and facilities .
Public funding is necessary to support the low income group of elderly and to provide the necessary social services .
For instance , in the United States , there is cash payment for the elderly under social security system , supplemental security income program , programmes catering meals for the elderly and even subsidized housing ( Brecher , Knickman , Vogel , 1986 , Pg 366 ) .
Public spending should not be limited to help elderly with financial difficulty .
The state will have to pay for the workers that are running in these homes for the old age and rehabilitation centres .
Thus , public funding is still necessary to help elderly who are in financial need and also to promote social welfare services for them .
Some elderly who have retired might find themselves unable to cope with their rising medical expenses .
The government should actually help to subsidize the medical bills for the elderly .
Furthermore , in United States , there is the Medicaid programme .
They should keep themselves physically fit to prevent serious health implications at a later age in life .
Nonetheless , public spending on healthcare subsidy should neither be reduced nor limited as the elderly still deserve the care from the society to lead a prolonged life .
It could jeopardize government spending on other areas of country 's development in the long run .
Clearly , public spending on the aged should not be limited for money to be diverted to other areas of the country 's development .
The aged is part of the fabric of society , and we should not discriminate them .
After all , the elderly has toiled hard while they were young and had contributed significantly to the economic development of their country .
Their efforts should be compensated when they are old by providing suitable assistance scheme through public spending
Quickly rising aging population has caused a dilemma situation to the government .
The increasing dependency by the elderly is causing a rising burden to the national budget .
If we neglect the importance of country 's development and choose to spend more on the elderly instead , it will get us nowhere .
Public spending on the elderly should be limited , so money can be better spent for country 's development , such as technological advancement for the betterment of the nation .
It is wide belief that the government should care for the elderly , as a return for their valuable contributions to the country .
This is proven during a recession , where financial packages for the elderly be temporarily reduced .
Elderly usually form a minority of the population in a society .
In Singapore , the elderly comprises only 8.7 % out of the total population .
So besides concern for the elderly , the welfare of the society has to be taken care of .
Every government must fulfill their duty to build a society , where all citizens have an equal right , not just focus on the elderly .
Educational for the youth should be stressed more , school and other facilities ought to be build .
We should invest more on the young and adult instead of the elderly , as it is more promising to do so .
It is important for the government to know their role , to provide opportunity for their citizens to grow and embark .
''Migrants should be able to migrate out of choice rather than out of necessity,' ' says the 25-member European Union ( Thalif Deen ) .
It seems that workers tend to move out from an undeveloped country to seek for better job or opportunity .
To the well developed country indeed .
This shows that become a developed country not only prevent the lost of workforce but also attract talents to join our nation .
This in turn increases income tax and corporate tax collection which can be use for the benefit of the elderly .
Obviously , the notion of reimburse the elderly with financial aid for their contributions to the country is naive .
There are plenty of methods that we can provide to aid the elderly .
This is an example of alternatives that can be used to reduce the spending on the elderly .
So reducing the spending on the elderly for the sake of country development is a wise act .
While public spending on the aged is vital , it should not comprise the other aspects of the country 's growth and development .
Despite the above said , it may be objected that as the elderly had contributed significantly to the country 's development in their younger days , in view of their long term hard work , they should be entitled with more benefits than the rest of the population .
For instance , as people age , there is an increased need for more healthcare resources , hence leading to an inevitable spending in healthcare arena .
However , for the old-aged with low or no income , they may face difficulties and restrictions in seeking appropriate medical treatment due to financial problems .
It is therefore crucial for governments to extend assistance to the elderly in the form of medical subsidies , allowances , rebates and other kinds of financial aids to ensure that the needs of the elderly are met and protected .
Resources of the country should be diverted into this aspect to provide scholarships and bursaries for the needy children who are keen to further their studies and allow them to be exposed to better working opportunities in the future .
This further suggests that with education , future older people will be more affluent and will have a lesser tendency to rely on the government for their well-being .
In all , a better suggestion will be for countries to place more emphasis on its economical development , as with economic growth , people are generally more affluent and hence will possess the financial capabilities of providing for themselves in old age .
Even though there will also be minority who are less capable of doing that , they will only comprise of the few who requires assistance from the government .
Just a few decades ago , most economies were so focused in developing the country economically that they have ignored the issue of an aging population .
Yet , it was only until recently that the government , especially those in developed countries , started to pay much more attention to the problem .
Undoubtedly , more public spending would be channeled to deal with the issues piggybacked along with a graying population .
As such public spending on other areas of the country 's development such as education would be cut to maintain a budget balance .
In today 's globalized world , whereby economies are growing at a tremendous rate in a diverse way , national spending has to be planned concisely and utilized fully in order to achieve an optimal economic growth .
With public spending reduced in areas such as education and housing so as to fund the elderly , the country 's development would be hindered with the lack of funds .
This would greatly affect a country 's development as there are not enough people to fuel for the economy .
This is especially true in countries such as Singapore , whereby its economic growth is largely dependent on its people .
The issue of an aging population will pose threat to her future economic development .
Nonetheless , the government should fund the age with a perimeter in mind for such heavy subsidy comes with heavy taxes levy on the citizens and investors .
Moreover , the aged may become over dependent on the government for subsidiary .
Instead , funds should be diverted to other areas such as building more industrial infrastructures so as to attractive more foreign-direct investments for the country 's development .
While it seems that it is necessary for a government to increase the public spending to fund for the aged so that productivity of the workers can be maintained , this can not be sustained in a long run .
The government should not be myopic and divert most of the funds to support the aged but instead weigh the pros and cons carefully when implementing various long terms polices .
Likewise , most countries are currently tackling the main perplex issue of an increasing ageing population .
Since today 's silver population of 65 years and above is 15 percent and is estimated to grow phenomenally to around 25 percent by the year 2030 ( Centre for Strategic and International Studies , 2009 ) , thus , governments are deeply concerned with the implementation of fiscal and welfare policies that would directly impact the aged .
A component of fiscal policy , public spending , should be limited so that self-reliance can be inculcated into the aged through forced savings and , the economy can function better by shifting monetary inputs to facilitate trade and investments in infrastructure .
Contrary to limiting public spending , critics of human rights have been rampantly advocating that state funding should not be minimized at the expense of growing the economy .
The mindset of respecting those who built the country from scratch resonates with feeling indebted to take care of them when old and providing them with the best of health-care .
Moreover , to a large extent , the government should favour to fund programmes and policies for the elderly so their interests are well looked after for .
Although it has always been the case that an appropriate amount of public spending is set aside for the aged , however , it is more of utmost importance to instill a sense of self-reliance in them , which can be effected through educating about saving for retirement throughout the period in the workforce .
This plan of accumulating savings by an individual is compelled by law in some countries and at the same time , while the savings can help to enhance one 's responsibility for his own life , they can also provide him with financial security after retirement .
As such , there may be a huge concentration of growth in the area of trade because when more capital is used to invest in trade , it reaps substantial rewards in the form of revenue and , higher growth and stability of the economy will ensue .
Besides that , state funds and capital can be used to improve on the infrastructure of the country ; e.g .
public transport systems , telecommunications sector , energy and water resource divisions and etc , so that the country may possibly advance and prosper with the advent of new technologies and infrastructure .
Therefore , when the economic growth is stable , this will lead to avenues of vast opportunities to further develop the country , and also result in fewer elderly in dire needs ( Friedland and Summer , 2005 ) .
As Singapore has limited land constraints , it will have to think of ways to increase land usability and rejuvenate the old estates .
" I strongly agree with this agreement .
Nowadays , lots of researchers and developments have been carried out and many policies have been implemented in order to ease the aging process .
Firstly , the main problem of aging population is that the children do not want to take care of their parents when they are old , because they think that parents are troubles for them , since they are old and unable to contribute .
Under this act , parents who are above age of 60 and are unable to support themselves can claim maintenance from children .
Children who are failed to do so may be fined up to $ 5000 or jailed up to 6 months .
According to the statistics made by a government organization , in the first 3 years that this act was implemented , 400 parents sought for aid under this act .
Some may argue that filial obligation should be by their own will and shall not restricted by law .
But , if the children are still failed to do so after much education , legislation will be a must in solving this problem .
If children are bounded by such filial obligation , they will then take care of their own parents , and hence , the elderly dependency on government subsidies or the public may be reduced .
Secondly , some of the senior citizen who do not have any children will have no support at all .
Thus , it is crucial that they have their own jobs , own income , in order to support themselves .
As a result , later retirement is encouraged by government from many countries .
After retirement , elderly always stay at home and have less activities .
Not only that , the biggest problem is they will have no income to support themselves .
The reason is , with a job , the aged can keep themselves busy and do more thinking in order to complete their work .
For example , the Singapore government has extended the retirement age of Singaporeans from 60 to 62 , and at the same time , provides them with trainings and courses , such as the Ling Kwang Home and Seniors @ eCitizen , in order to meet the requirements of the employers .
Some may argue that later retirement is too burdening for elderly , but it is actually optional for them , depending on their own abilities and desire .
In short , later retirement can help the elderly to accumulate more wealth to support themselves , maintain healthy bodies and find new purpose of life so that they are less dependent on the others .
For example , the Singapore government has implemented lots of policies and provided much subsidies to help those elderly .
One of the subsidies will be Home Medical and Home Nursing Subsidy provided by the Ministry of Health ( MOH ) .
In a nutshell , there are various problems arose due to the aging population .
However , rather than to discriminate and despise the elderly , we should put in more effort in trying to ease the aging process .
The three main methods in solving this problem will be filial obligation , later retirement and government subsidies , Last but not least , every single people and organizations should combine strength together to curb this problem , as quoted in the MOH Philosophy , " An elderly person should stay in community for as long as possible as institutionalization should only be a measure for the last resort .
This increase was deal to the larger number of babies born between the baby boomers ' years of 1954 to 1964 , and the fall in birth rates subsequently .
Moreover the size of the ageing population is expected to increase more by the year 2030 ( by 18.7 % ) , it is therefore be expected that the government spending should likewise increase .
The question is how much should the increase be and should there be a limit put in place ?
In this case , there would not be a need to allocate limitless public spending upon the aged .
He advocates that more of such programmes will help Singaporean feel more " rooted " and possess a greater sense of belonging , since they will then have a 'stake ' in this country .
When more money is being invested in these entrepreneurship programmes , there should be an increase pool of business-savvy talents .
However we must also take into consideration to either sustain these new fields or deal with its potential after effects .
Taking an example of the stem cell research centres at Jurong Science Park .
In attracting these foreign lucrative industries , the government build new roads and infrastructures to remain competitive globally .
In conclusion , I believe that spending on the elderly should be limited because with the increase in an independent group of elderly in the future , and new economic challenges which requires more government spending would arise .
In fact , aging population is normally seen in all developing and developed countries due to the explosion of technologies and enhancement in lifestyle .
It shall be handed with wise policy planning but not putting in as much country wealth to take care of the welfare of the elderly as possible .
This is why the topic issue is raised , as a result of not forgetting the elderly that contributed much to all the improvements in their younger ages .
However , in conjunction with the positive feedback of modern technologies , elderly in this era are enjoying a much more comfortable lifestyle comparing to decades ago .
We shall not be hauled back by the aging issue which welfare is actually better taken care of than before but just taking care of the group of elderly that is really weak .
Government spending is necessary for the welfare of elderly but the bigger portion of it must be retained for other parts of national development .
On a larger scale , government policy should be made based on the advantage of all but not just the aged community .
Public policy is still needed to be drawn up taking into account of the problems the elderly meet , but not to an unlimited extent that goes for their good at all cost .
It 's inevitable there is still a group of aged people who could n't take care of their own welfare , it 's the responsibility of a caring government to take care of their needs .
As implemented in Singapore , filial obligation is drafted in law , which means that children are compulsory to take care of their parents ' elder life , agreeing to the quote " It would be agreed that children owe to their parents respect and kindness generally and assistance in case of infirmity or any special need... " ( Henry Sidgwick 1907 ) .
For the layer of aged population who is still healthy but with lower income , they might have problems in accumulating wealth .
Although government spending is to be cut down , the healthcare of elderly should be done at least for the poor .
Subsidized regular check up and medical fees must be offered to the senior citizens who are not able to pay up the amazing high medical costs .
For instance , education is the most important part to invest , knowing that new generations will be the future work force and taking over the power and leadership position .
As in Singapore , 743.4 million dollars was spent in 2007/08 to achieve a high literacy rate of 96 % ( among residents aged 15 years and over ) .
However , due to the high independence of senior citizens nowadays , it 's not necessary to provide all-range policy to all of the aged population as there 're still many other aspects that should be taken care of .
This concludes that public spending on aging issue is fairly needed but to an extent that allows more improvement in other fields .
Old age has been always been associated with poor health and loneliness as people reached the final journey of their life .
The aging process is exacerbate when children abandoned their parents as they feel that the old ones are a burden to them .
This is evident by the increasingly number of old people being send to old folks home every year .
In the past , such cases were lesser as abandoning of parents is seen as a social stigma , an unfilial act .
Unprecedented advances in technology resulted from extensive research and implementation of different creative policies have make the process of aging more pleasurable .
Firstly , in the medical arena , huge amounts of money has been poured in for research and development .
This is without waste , as much cures have been found .
Secondly government policies reforms have impact the lives of the aged positively .
Hence to be entitled to subsidies greatly increase their welfare .
Furthermore more and more countries are compelled by the law to set aside certain amount of money for their old age .
In Singapore , a certain portion of working population income is set aside in their Central Provident Fund ( CPF ) in which the money can only be taken out at aged 55 or later .
With more savings the old ones can provide for themselves and have more to spend for themselves instead of relying on the small sums pay out by the government .
Another government policy that comes to mind that benefits the aged is the increment of the retirement age .
Other than the economic benefits , old people can involve themselves in their work and research have shown that working do reduce of risk of getting illness associated with old age such as Alzheimer 's disease .
Thirdly , developments in infrastructure have resulted in more communities centre built .
There are many activities ongoing in these communities centre which is open to anyone interested .
Old people are encourage to participate in these activites as it not only allow them to fill their time with activities they are passionate about but also expose them to opportunities to mix with a variety of people .
These activities makes the aging process more fulfilling and engaging .
As countries get more developed , its citizens are more affluent and trends and culture changes .
More and more people are forsaking their parents in old folks homes as they could afford to .
Old people in old folks homes may have to deal with loneliness and the harsh fact that their own children whom they have brought up , have abandoned them .
To conclude , advancement in technology , breakthroughs in medical research and various government policies have contributed to the aging process where the aged can have better , quality and pleasurable time completing their last journey of their life .
However to a small extent in certain cases where development has causes a weakness in the extended family .
'Aging ' is a natural process of human life-cycle , whereby one grows older and gains his wisdom to the fullest before he departs from Earth .
As such , this intensifying phenomenon creates a huge economic impact on numerous countries across the globe , which presents challenges on the allocation of fiscal budget to mitigate rising healthcare costs as well as other areas .
With the growth of aging population , public spending on healthcare costs will be exorbitant .
However , government should also ascertain the limit of healthcare finances based on individual 's capability .
A nation military spending always takes up a substantial proportion of its fiscal budget due to the importance of having a strong defense force to defend itself against aggressors should diplomatic negotiations failed .
For example , the proliferation of nuclear weapons by North Korea has sparked off a regional arm race , causing neighboring countries like South Korea to purchase more sophisticated weaponry from America .
In addition , since the '911 ' incident , the world has came to see the threat of terrorism as very real .
Therefore , this would incur lesser healthcare costs as they remain fit and productive in their golden years .
People living in well-developed countries have high standard of living due to their affluence brought about by the stable economy .
This also means that lesser healthcare spending is required to sustain these affluence groups of elderly .
The lower-income group will also benefit from a well-developed economy as higher economic growth enables government to provide more healthcare finances to support the elderly .
This would thus reduce the financial burden of these group of people based on their income ceilings .
Despite the volatility of the country 's economy due to the global market , it is imperative for government to implement feasible economic policies to facilitate trade and growth .
Therefore , having a sturdy economy will also incur lesser financial costs on elderly welfare .
In retrospect , countries around the world face challenges with global aging .
Aging is no doubt , one of the most pressing issues that many developed countries are facing today .
Japan and Singapore have been battling the aging society for many years where the birth rates are at depressing levels and better healthcare facilities are available .
Firstly , through economical means , elderly people are becoming increasingly part of the working community , working past retirement age .
There are subsidies from government to employers to send workers aged 40 and above to upgrade their skills .
An example is SDF course fee subsidy of up to 90 % for workers aged above 40 with 'A ' levels and below qualifications .
However , critics may argue that employers may hire younger workers due to their lower wages and higher working efficiency as compared to the older workers .
As for wages , people aged above 50 will contribute lesser to their CPF accounts and this includes the employer 's CPF contribution .
Secondly , through social policy , there are increasing entertainment activities to keep the elderly personnel occupied .
To cope with the increasing loneliness in elderly people , there are activities that can bond the elders together and engage them in fun-learning and enriching activities according to their interests .
Take for example , the Wellness Programme in Singapore provides companionship with the other seniors through activities like brisk walking , dancing , gardening or cycling .
Take for example , in China , it is common to see many elderly people practising Taiji in the morning in public parks and dancing along the streets at night .
Last but not least , through architectural means , there are many infrastructure and facilities put in place for the convenience of the elderly .
The flats built in the past in Singapore were not accessible at every floor as the lifts are built in a way where they stop only at specific levels .
Nowadays , our society is highly concern about the impact of aging process on our lives .
In order to be a valid candidate for an explanation of the aging process , the changes proposed by the theory must meet the following criteria : ( 1 ) they will commonly occur in all or most humans ; ( 2 ) as an individual ages , these changes will become more pronounced ; and ( 3 ) the changes will lead to cellular or organ dysfunction that ultimately cause failure of the organ or system ( Steven N. Trautwein ) .
Although aging process has arisen many problems in our lives , current science research and social policies have helped to solve these problems .
As the lifecycle of human beings is irreversible , human life expectancy is heavily depends on the rate of aging .
However , lots of money and efforts have been put in by governments , some companies and scientists worldwide to do the research in aging in order to slow down the aging process and also help to resolve some health problems that are caused by aging .
For example , there are scientists who have created fruit flies that are able to live of their normal life spans and thus have made old human cells behave like youth human cells again .
This research is possible to let us living in a longer time and leading to a healthier life in our old age .
As a result , degenerative diseases of old age such as arthritis , diabetes and hypertension can be solved and thus help to ease the aging process .
Back in the old days , human longevity is comparably shorter than today 's .
It is because that the invention of medicine has helped human beings to sustain a longer life .
The only way to cure these diseases is undergoing transplantation .
As the growing aging population has increased the need of organs , it is hard to get enough needed organs for the transplantation .
In this case , artificial organs can help to bridge the time to transplantation and thus improve the survival of patients while they are waiting for transplantation .
Therefore , we should appreciate the hard work of scientists in the lab and medical center since it has improved our old age lives in many aspects .
Other than the medical breakthroughs , social policies for the elderly are also playing important roles to ease the aging process .
For instance , there are social policies such as introducing advanced insurance scheme that encourages young people start saving more to be financially secure in their old age .
Many countries have made individual retirement fund mandatory and hence successfully increase the number of nations who are able to support themselves in their old age .
Besides , some social welfare programs especially those which help to resolve the aging problems , including provide financially help to needed elderly are under way .
These programs protect those underprivileged elderly from starving for food or homeless .
At the same time , some social societies have organized lots of activities for elderly to enjoy their lives and help them refrain from getting mental illness such as depression as they will feel they are worthless and also some of them may lose their partners .
These activities have provided a place for them to socialize with other , get friends , and do exercise as well .
So , these social policies have brought a happy , healthy , safe and comfortable life to the elderly .
In conclusion , our society should pay high attention to the aging problems and come out with solutions .
We are unable to reverse the time but in average we can live in a healthier lifestyle and longer time compare with our ancestors since current research and policies are practical in solving some of aging problems .
Apart from that , there are also many studies in different aspect such as architecture and psychology that are helpful to the elderly .
As the time passed , everybody will eventually become older and so we should prepare for it from now on .
For the past few years , the issue of aging population has been debated widely across the globe as it took our world by storm .
As our economy develops , the sign of aging population worsen .
Facts of such can be seen in developed countries like Germany and Japan , where the median age of citizen in the country is pushing towards 53 and 54 respectively ( Peterson 2001 ) .
As an older population will directly result in lower productivity and higher social and welfare cost in a nation , many sociologist of today are attending and bringing forth strategies , hoping that the issue of elder dependency will be taken care of without threatening a nation 's economy .
While majority of the solutions were revolving around increasing public spending on the aged , many think that such proposal is not viable and well balanced , as the economic aspect of a country has not been taken into account .
People at this opposing end , on the other hand , believe that public spending on the aged should be limited so that money can be diverted to other areas of the country 's development , indirectly solving the aging matter effectively .
For the first reason of my standpoint , it is believed that the root of the elder dependency problem can only be solved if the country invests in other specific areas that would indirectly relief the situation .
On the other hand , if the country invests in other specific areas like education , the burden of responsibility in taking care the elderly will literately shift from the government to the younger generation .
This is due to the better inculcation and cultivation of morale values among the youth as a result of better education system , thus increasing their responsibility in taking care of their immediate elderly family members .
A country could also focus its spending on developing its financial economy , as the result of such action would be that the working population would be financially better off to take care their immediate elderly family members , reducing the burden on government spending .
For the second reason of my standpoint , allowing massive public spending on the elderly tends to create a negative impact on the society .
Since there are no future worries financially , the working population would eventually spend all their income on personal items without saving for the future .
This would put on even more pressure on the government financially in terms of funding medical and social expenses of the elderly .
Hence , by limiting public spending on the aged , it serves as a good warning sign to people in the working society .
It reminds people that they have to play a fair part in taking care of their own health and wealth management is necessary to ensure financial security in the long future .
Such approach can be seen in countries like Singapore , where employees have obliged to contribute part of their monthly salary to their Central Provident Fund ( CPF ) Account .
The purpose of such account is to ensure that Singaporeans would have sufficient funds to support their own life when they grow old .
Given my above two reasons , one may argue that the ideology of such approach in dealing with aging population is too long-term oriented .
As such , it is impractical and it lacks of ability to deal with the problem in the short run .
As the benefit of the approach can only be seen in the long run , reducing and limiting the public funding amount immediately will result in shortage of funds to deal with current demand .
This will then result in a sudden vulnerable position , where many elder needy will not get the medical and financial attention that they need .
By reducing the public funding , the government seeks to be more stringent in their subsidization criteria .
This will ensure that those who really need help will still get the attention needed , while those who can still afford to look after themselves will receive lesser in contrast .
Instead of ignoring those who demand help , this approach simply re-evaluates the subsidizing criteria , enforcing the practice of self responsibility for those who can and asking the public to play a fair share in taking care of themselves or their immediate family members .
All in all , in order to tackle the root of the elder dependency problem , corresponding nation should not focus on dealing with the current tangible problems .
This will eventually result in a smoothen path in securing the aging process , and lessen the burden of the nation 's economy .
" To a large extend , current research and development or policies have helped to ease the aging process .
Recent years , many Asian countries such as Japan , South Korea , Hong Kong and Singapore are tackling with a long term issue - burgeoning ageing population , which is the repercussion from rapid economy development , with high quality of health care but relatively low fertility rate .
An aging population has caused an increase in public spending and declination in Gross Domestic Product ( GDP ) , owing to a decrease in the people who are highly productive .
Survey showed that many elder prone to suicide because they could not bear the overwhelming effect of ill health and the feeling of loneliness .
Fortunately , plenty researches and policies have helped in buffering the aging process .
Prime Minister of Singapore , Lee Hsien Loong said , " We are crafting new policies , improving our infrastructure and developing effective programs to enable older citizens to lead full and happy lives .
" An important policy the government had adopted is " Supporting Lifelong Employability " .
According to this strategy , government legislates to require employers to offer re-employment to workers for another three years after their official retirement age , not necessarily in the same job or at the same pay .
Government is going to retrain the older and enhance their skills so that they are ready to contribute themselves .
For example , on July 2007 , C3M and local university , Uni SIM offered courses to senior citizens so as to enable them to earn credits through courses and pursue a degree in future .
However , there is discriminations argues that the older are inefficient , conservative and out-dated .
They are a burden rather than an asset in working area .
Nonetheless , most of the older workers are independent , mature and deliberate .
They possess valuable experiences to impart and mentor the younger that are more productive and innovative , but lack of experience .
The strategy makes senior citizens keep engage and contribute in working field , more self-reliance in finance , boost the economic development of Singapore , with the combining power between the older and the younger , and thus , slow down the aging process .
Besides , the introduction of Central Provident Fund ( CPF ) , a mandatory saving scheme , is also a policy carried out by government to ease the aging process .
Under the CPF scheme , employees have to pay into their individual employee accounts during working years and the savings can be drawn when a person retire to afford his medical expenses or long- term care .
The policy is quite useful in grappling aging issue from economic view point as it encourages financial planning of the elder during their economically active years and lower the rising social issue such as their burden hinder younger generation 's development in terms of their daily living consumption .
Government can also reduce the incentive allocated to the elderly and the public spending can be used in an economical way in the development of country in other areas .
Maybe from the younger 's perspective , the policy does n't make sense as it not only incurs less payout every month , it is also still long to plan the spending for their old age .
However , it is a worthwhile practice for citizens to plan for their income and expenditure and yet their future .
In addition , the implementation of " Wellness Program " and policies to create age-friendly environment also help in buffering the aging process .
Wellness Program is a social program designed to encourage active and healthy lifestyles among seniors .
It includes 3 parts- health screening , regular exercise programmes and social activities like brisk walking , dancing , cycling and so on .
Recently , we realise that the housing estate and public transport have made strides or free from element .There are also lifts access to all floors of The Housing and Development Board ( HDB ) .
All these create a safety and accessible environment to the older .
In effect , the policies sound because the welfare of the elder is greatly taken care and they will not be neglected by the community .
Despite this social policy consumes a lot of money , it is crucial because senior citizens are part of our societies and as a responsible man , it is our duty to take care of their wellness when they are physically unable .
In conclusion , aging process is complicated and multifarious , it affects every one of us .
We may not able to prevent aging process from happening but we can try to slow down the process as far as we can .
Current research and development indeed , help a lot in slowing down the process .
Aging issues is disastrous ; it may slow down the economic growth in a country and create long-term stagnation .
Therefore , we must contribute and support the policies available so as to achieve a successful aging in long term .
There have been recently some issues of the ageing population that make people feel strongly about .
Someone think that policy makers should reduce the funds for the old , and spend more money on other areas for government developments .
Besides , some critics would argue and objective to this way .
However , in my view , I agree with the first opinion .
By this way , governments could make people who are nearly the age of retirement aware of the necessary of actively working to accumulate more money to support themselves in their later time .
Moreover , children certainly have to look after and take responsibility on their old parents thoughtfully than before because they do not want to see their parents be affected from the decrease in funds for old citizens .
Besides , we can see that the elderly nowadays look healthier and more pleasure than ever before .
This is due to the fact that our services for the population are now improved date by date .
For instance , the quality of life is made better as the improvement in health care and sciences now make us possible to turn down many difficulties for senior citizens .
Retiree probably do not need too much money , the main things they want at their age are satisfaction and a good health to live with their family as well as help their offspring to be more experienced .
Therefore , the decline of the money for the old should not have an bad impact on ageing population .
It is worth remembering that policy makers should also focus on other areas to develop the countries as well as reduce the pressure of the graying population .
For example , an effective solution to the ageing population is increasing the percentage in the governments ' treasuries of other factors such as economy , science , transportation , education and some areas else .
The reason for this way is that those agencies play a significant roles in making the nations go up .
Once the countries are strong enough , certainly the older will be benefited .
To illustrate , spending money on economic researchs help predict the trend of consumption and reduce the bad effects of unstable markets on the whole nations ' economies .
Besides , the improvement in science can not only help the people healthier but also diminish the cost for hospital and medicines .
Moreover , education is surely the most important areas which governments must focus on as well .
The more effectively students are educated , the more productivity and responsible citizens we have .
With the supports from those essential factors , there is no doubt to say that the worry for ageing population no longer exists because authorities have great potential to deal with such problem .
Many critics should disagree to spend less money on the elderly because it is opposite to traditional moral .
Those opponents say that because the number of old households is increasing as the people born in the boomer baby are nearly 65 in 2012 .
Moreover , at present , there are still many children who can not take care for their parents and have to leave them in retire house because those younger people have their own family but they still do not afford to get by in this becoming complex world .
However , in my view , limitation on the public spending for the old does not mean that we do not care about the ageing population .
If we still keep focus on the old , that is a provisional methods , how can we deal with such issue while we are still lack of support from others factor such as science and economy ?
Governments should serve their old citizens in a long run but not in a short time .
Once they make a rich economies and an improvement in science , policy makers can not only emphasize on the graying population but also come out with the solutions to many other problems .
Overall , governments should change their focus on other factors of the country first before they want to help the elderly .
Once those main agencies are strong enough , the solution for the old can be carried out .
The speed of aging process around the world is being hastened due to the high life expectancy and low fertility rate .
However , if this trend of spending has been continuing in the future time , it will be destructive to a country 's financial structure .
When we flip through the newspapers recently , we usually will read much news which is reporting that countries are battered by the prevalent recession .
According the data calculated by IMF ( International Monetary Fund ) to measure the impact of the financial crisis , the price of financial crisis will indeed be high , like the G20 advanced countries ' GDP will be contracted by 8 % in 2008-09 .
Nonetheless , these costs incurred during the recession will only be about 10 % of the spending related to elders care in the long-term period from now to 2050.Compared to the influence brought by financial crisis , it is critical for a country to divert more resources from the age-related spending to pump up the dire economy .
The substantial cost of generous elderly care will not be fully supported if the countries ' financial position is in a predicament .
Although many rich countries have accepted that it is time to reform their policies , the transformation is progressing only timidly due to reluctance of introducing unpopular measures affected by political factors like election .
Secondly , it is well accepted that a country should have a balanced financial image and appropriate development plans for gaining healthy growth .
The country should not focus much of their effort to explore the incentives for spending in the elderly care , instead , they should set an adequate plan for the sectors which are equally important to the country 's development .
We can not neglect the significance of the education .
Education acts a critical role to help a country grow from time to time .
The productivity and monetary income of a country can be improved hugely due to a well-established educational structure .
For an instance , the federal government in Canada is promoting innovation strategy whose the skills and learning agenda of it is being propelled by a statement , " rests on the principle that in the knowledge economy , prosperity depends on innovation which , in turn , depends on the investments that we make in the creativity and talents of our people .
" Through investing in innovation strategy to brew new knowledge for the economy and in return , it will then create an environment with innovation excellence to protect and improve our quality of life .
In the long run , we are still maintaining our level of elderly care thought a different way .
Moreover , a country , which insists on providing maximum resources to the elderly care , will face a dilemma when proposing a financial budget .
While elders care will inevitably account for a large portion of expenditure , the consequence of this improper budget is the financial burden of raising fund which results mounting a full load of debts and raising tax .
The original intention of helping elders will be tainted as it is in fact suffering more people .
On the contrary , the alternative to support the help elders lead a better life is not only limited on a large spending budget , it is also achievable while the country boosts the economy through different incentives , like supporting the entrepreneurship of people by cutting tax and giving allowance .
It creates an environment that people will have accumulated more wealth in their early stage of life and they can support themselves in the future .
In the reality , some elder employees will challenge that raising the retirement age to be eligible for the pensions as they are irresistible inducements to leave early .
It is a challenging task for the government to persuade people to agree over such adjustment .
In a nutshell , a solid development of a country is built on a healthy look of the financial position and an unbiased development plan .
Having a superior elderly care system does not mean having a great success in governing a country .
On top of that , spending should not be narrowly limited on the age-related spending only , but to allocate the resources justly over all the sectors instead of overlooking their importance .
Many people focus on working instead of studying , therefore literacy rate was not high .
The aging problems have not arise until recently , where those who were born during the baby boom period are turning 50 to 60 years old .
It is undeniable that spending on the aged is important , however , we should not neglect the more important areas like education and economy to make sure that the future generation does not suffer from the same problem again .
I believe that spending on the education is one of the more important areas where public money should be spent on .
In fact , a good education is the only way out of the rat race , to a better and secured future .
Although Singapore literacy rate is relatively high as compared to the rest of the world , I still believe that can be done .
For example , increasing the mandatory schooling for Singaporean to secondary school and providing more funding for student from poorer background .
Funding can be in the form of pocket money , subsidies school fees and more scholarship programs for the needy families .
This incentive will encourage children from the poorer family to study more .
For instance , in the form of forced saving like Central Provident Fund or life annuity scheme .
This will decrease the number of elderly that require funding from the government to get by in their old age .
Higher educated personal also tends to plan ahead for their retirement .
For example , Workforce development agency ( WDA ) Source : ( { http : //www.wda.gov.sg/ } [ HYPERLINK : http : //www.wda.gov.sg/ ] ) encourages retrenched or older workers to upgrade themselves to increase their employability .
Education may be one of the ways to minimize the number of the elderly relying on government funding .
Another area that Singapore should also spend more money on developing is the economy .
It is where the country 's wealth can continue to grow when the economy is stable .
Coupled with better education , it will not be surprising that the disposable income of Singapore would also increase .
This will improve the standard of living for Singaporean and will eventually contribute to better healthcare system in Singapore .
As Singaporeans become more well off , it will lead to research for innovative products to tap on the sliver industry ( market for the old people ) .
Similarly on the other end , the users of the innovative products will be in a better position , financially , to afford it .
With that , the sliver industry will becomes lucrative market and more companies will be willing to invest time and money into developing innovative products for the elderly .
Recently , 5 companies have received 500k grant from the government to develop elderly friendly products for the silver industry .
There is an immediate problem here and we can not ignore that these 50 to 60 years old elders as they did contribute to the success of Singapore in many ways .
Beyond that , solutions like nursing those elderly in other countries like Malaysia where expenses will be lower are not well received by the elders .
In conclusion , by spending more on both economy and education , we will be able to decrease effects of the aging problem .
By investing in education and economy , Singaporean will be able to generate more disposable income and hence , less reliance on the government funding when they grow old .
Public spending on the aged should be limited so that money can be diverted to other areas of the country 's development .
Being a firm believer of 'Prevention is better than cure ' , I agree to a certain extent .
In year 2000 , seven percent of Singapore 's total population is over the age of sixty-five , however , by 2030 this will increase to nineteen percent ( Inter- Ministerial Committee on Aging Report 1999 ) .
Singapore can limit public spending on the aged , using the savings and indirectly alleviate or even reduce the total expenditure catered on the aged in terms of healthcare and accommodation .
By three methods that tackles the problem in a long run .
Firstly , by channeling the money saved to making a more robust educational system , the government can have better civics and moral education .
Starting from a tender age , we should no longer rely on parents to inculcate the youth on what they deem as unimportant issues .
The new comprehensive education system should include firm beliefs that one should take care of their parents when they 're old , instilling a filial piety mind-set .
As more often than not , education can help one out of poverty .
Thus , by having a superb educational system , the government can essentially worry less on meeting the needs of lowly-educated population , tackling the affordability issue .
By spending on the development of public amenities like beaches , larger parks , family-oriented shopping malls , etc. , family can get to foster better relationship amongst them .
With better understanding , I believe the child of elderly parents will feel more obliged to compromise their time and money to provide better care and concern for them .
Beaches and parks also provide an avenue for the aged to keep fit and stay healthy , cutting down unnecessary healthcare costs arising when one grows old .
Thirdly , there should be an increase in fund on the healthcare sector .
One primary concern for providing healthcare for the aged is the cost .
Although some might argue that increasing the fund just targets at providing for the aged , by looking at the bigger picture , the improved healthcare system provides for all .
By treating and preventing more problems to arise before one gets old , detecting early symptoms of diseases , etc. , a person can be healthier especially when coupled by good social-policy planning by the government .
It is well known that depression is more destructive than any sickness the aged will have , having a fit mind is essential for having a fit body .
However , as recently mentioned in the media , Singapore will get a boost in fund for palliative care .
The new initiative by the Health Ministry mentioned that the use of Medisave for home palliative care will be liberalised .
This was done in view that the aged actually cherish the quality rather than the quantity of life , similar to the direction of hospice care in providing comfort rather than cure .
The revised funding also will not only include in-patient hospice care , but also to home hospice care .
But despite the revision of spending in this area , they must thread the issue with care as there are doubts over the sustainability over the provision of this free service .
Interestingly , aid for the aged in their psycho-social needs is still lacking .
In conclusion , it is noted that capping of public spending to the aged will provide more cash flow to other sectors , which will in turn reduce and tackle the problems faced now .
All three areas of education , healthcare and social policy are equally important whereby unnecessary funding to other sectors , like to the military , can well be avoided or reduced .
" There is only a certain extent the government can increase its public spending on the aged , in particular home care .
Ultimately , prevention is still better than cure , we need to solve the problem from its root .
It is a well-known fact that the society is growing old and old .
Because of that , it is important to make a policy that will be able to support the elderly in their late life .
It is quite a pity to limit the public spending on the elderly regarding some of the disadvantages that are brought by such policy .
However , if we limit the public spending on the aged , the money can be diverted and used to develop the country in other areas , such as economy and education , which will eventually lead to a more advantages for the country .
First of all , if we limit the public spending on the elderly , the first one to suffer is the younger generation who have to take care of their parents .
They will have to spend more money for their parents while sometimes they even can not fulfil their own needs .
Just imagine if the parents have a cancer and they have to carry out a surgical operation which will cost the younger generation thousands of dollars .
This will bring more burdens on the young .
Besides , there are also some parents who have their children work overseas or even have no child , which will eventually lead them to nothing to lean on except the government .
Therefore , if the government are about to limit the public spending on the aged , a lot of young and elderly will suffer .
The first one is in the economy area .
By diverting the money to develop the economics , the government will be able to create more working fields so that they can reduce the unemployment rate as well as increase the Gross Domestic Product , which is the indicator of the economic health and standard of living in a country , of their own country .
Besides that , Friedland ( 2005 ) suggests that " with sufficient economic growth there are more choices and fewer persons in need " .
Therefore , by diverting the money in the area of economy , we can prevent the elderly to keep depending on the government help .
As we know that by the statistic gathered at the year 2008 in Singapore , 68.2 % of the residents who are 55 years and above have only graduated from secondary school .
It is one of the reasons why the elderly earn less money and therefore need the government help .
However , by diverting the money in the education area , we can provide the youngsters with the education that will help them in their later life .
By providing the youngsters with good education , we can also prevent such thing happening again .
Moreover , with a higher level of education , they will be able to learn how to invest well , which will eventually lead to the more salary they will be able to earn and it will result in the increase in the Gross Domestic Product , which is good for their country .
In conclusion , even if the limitation on the public spending for the elderly will result in more burdens for the young and elder generations , we still have to limit it because of the long-term impact that it may have , such as more working fields , better education , and increase in Gross Domestic Product , are really good for the country .
Moreover , it is better to try preventing things to happen rather than just try covering it up all the time .
Nowadays , aging problem becomes a real concern not only for the government but also the public .
The vast increase in aging population has leaded the economic to the lack of effective worker .
Furthermore , the elderly people , who are unable to continue earning and have little support from the younger , seem to have many financial difficulties and become a burden to the society .
Having said that , the aging problem is worth considering but the government should n't spend too much money on it while the effectiveness of recent solution for aging problem are still uncertain and the problem can be solve indirectly by the development of other areas of the country like economic or education .
Some of the most well-known strategies for dealing with the aging population are extending retirement age , lengthening working lives and encouraging financial planning during economically active year .
These strategies ' view is that if people are given more opportunities to work , they can be able to save enough money for their retirement .
However , there are many problems rising from reality that may make it not suitable to apply this strategy .
Since the retirement age come from many careful research on human 's health as well as ability of working , extending it irresponsibly may be harmful for the workers .
When more elderly people are employed , there will be less work-place for younger , more effective workers and it is really a huge waste of human resources .
The second thing is that not everyone is able to make an effective financial plan for the economically active year .
It required some basic financial knowledge which is difficult for the normal worker to know .
In spite of focusing only on the aged , diverting money to economic can not only bring benefits to the country but also help solving the aging problem .
When the government invest more money in economic like reduce tax for the companies , allow more foreign investment , working-age immigrant , the concern about lack of effective labor which aging population bring to the society is over .
In addition , growth economy brings the society more sufficient fund to raise pension and welfare to elderly people for helping them with financial difficulties .
Furthermore , when the economic is developed , salary of the worker will be increased so that they can have more saving when they retire .
Spending money in economic seems to be a wise choice for the government .
Improving education is also a way to develop country and a solution for aging problem .
With more money investing in education , the schools , universities can provide more modern educational equipments , better teachers , and most importantly , reduce the tuition fee so that more people are encouraged to study and have better education .
As a result , with higher education , people will have more chances to have higher salary , thus increase saving in their working lives for later needs .
When people are given some basic knowledge about managing money , they will be able to make financial plan , which help them to use their money wisely and reduce waste , by themselves .
Furthermore , elderly people with better education tend to have more active , healthier life than the others and are not burdens to the society .
For example , since elderly people have some knowledge about nutrition , they will have ability to choose healthy food like vegetable , beans , fish instead of high-cholesterol food which is harmful at their age like butter , sugar , meat .
Good education is really necessary not only for the society but also for people who do n't want to face financial difficulties when they retire .
In general , aging population is a global problem and need to be solved as soon as possible but we have to consider the solutions carefully .
With the uncertainty of recent strategies for this problem , we should diverse our money and effort in another areas which have more potential benefits .
The word aging has always been a great fear for most in the society .
The moment when we became aged , it implies that we are closer to the end of our lives .
We can hardly move as freely as the young , productivity will be much lower and most of the time we will be bedridden by illnesses .
Life will be sheer torturing instead of enjoying .
The aging process , to me , means the progressive steps to become old , the transition to suffer from illnesses , immobility and short of money for retirement .
To prevent such situations happening , research and development in science and medicine , innovative projects on the infrastructure and socially policies have been constantly done to reduce the effect of these problems , make the life of elderly so much easier more comfortable .
Hence , I agree , to a large extent , current research and development/policies have helped to ease the aging process .
The old-aged are weak and vulnerable against various diseases .
As one 's age increase , the body immune system deteriorates .
The ability to fight against germs and viruses gets much less effective .
Doctors acquire better knowledge of the diseases .
With much improved equipment and tools , they able to treat illnesses with much higher efficiency .
Through research and development , more effective medicines are invented to cater for different types of problems .
Diseases , such as tuberculosis , which were deemed incurable in the past , can be easily treated by current level of medical procedures .
These breakthroughs elevate illnesses from the aged , thus they can enjoy the remaining of their lives healthier , happier and with less suffering .
As medical procedures get so advanced , the cost of medical treatments is too heavy a price to bear .
However , if money is spent to recover from illness and ease pain and suffering , the lives of elderly are still made more comfortable than before .
Hence , research and development in medical science helped to ease aging process .
As mobility decreases , daily major activities would be greatly reduced too .
This significantly decreases the amount of entertainment an elderly person can have .
For instance , in Singapore the elevators in an older HDB flat can only stop at certain levels .
Residents live in other levels will have to climb staircases from their home to the lift .
However , under the new development , elevators in the newly built HDB flats can stop at all levels , in an attempt to make seniors citizens going up and down the flats easier .
Other than making the lift accessible to all levels , conscientious efforts have been done to further simplify the lives of the elders .
Some elderly people can hardly walk up or down any stairs , ramps are paved out , hand railings are erected in parks to assist them walk around .
Owing to research and development on the social infrastructure , the elderly are allowed to pursue their leisure and entertainment .
As aging population can be a big problem to many countries , several social policies are put in place to ensure the old having enough money after retirement .
In Singapore for example , all working adults have to contribute about 14.5 % of their salary into CPF account and their employers have to contribute 20 % .
All the money deposited into CPF account will be invested by the government and in return , offer a 3 % of annual compound interested to CPF contributors .
The lifestyles of elderly people are maintained with the effect of CPF schemes .
Therefore , aging process is eased by current social policies .
The research and development of medical science , improvements of social infrastructure and social policies have helped in ensuring good health of the elderly , building facilities to create convenience for the elderly and establishing CPF schemes to make sure elderly have sufficient money for their retirements .
When problems related to healthy , mobility and finance are being solved , elderly will be able to enjoy a much better improved lifestyle .
" It is true to say that as it states with different improvements from different field , we can face the challenge and solve the problems of arising aging population .
As we know , if this problem is not solved , the median age on many first-world countries will reach 51 by 2050 .
During aging process , the elderly will face financial problems and be abandoned by their children .
Although this problem is unlikely to be solved in the short run , many ways were carried out to ease the aging process , particularly in social policy and science research .
Some of the people claimed that it was everyone 's responsibility to plan financially for old-age to reduce dependency on children However , for those who are physically disabled and suffering from sicknesses , they do not have the ability to work and look after themselves .
This policy is used to encourage them to accumulate more wealth to support themselves during the old age .
Hence , with the effort of Singapore government to improve returns on CPF Savings has buffered the impact of aging problem .
Silver jobs fair , established to find jobs for people aged 60 and over , is part of a government effort in South Korea to assist a rapidly growing population of older Koreans .
Children often expect their parents to contribute to household chores when they move in not because of the responsibility to look after them .
Therefore , most of them need to work themselves and master new technologies in order to earn their living after retirement .
Though some said that the elderly are not well performed , this group of people can actually bring improvement to the sectors they involved by contributing their own experiences .
Viewing from healthcare prospective , researchers have taken a big step toward discovering that human hearts can grow new cells .
It was previously thought that human heart was unable to grow new cells after birth .
However there is a study can disprove it .
The scientists announced the evidence that new heart cells are made through one person 's life .
Now , it is possible to say that we can regenerate heart muscle after having heart attack .
In conclusion , aging problem is concerned all over the world .
With the current policies and development in science study , aging process will be solved in a long run .
Challenge for the future is to ensure people with different ages can continue to participate in the societies as citizens with full human rights .
Hence , I hope that the relationship between the generations can be nurtured and the children will take the responsibility to take care of their parents .
To the large extent , current researches , developments and policies have help easing the aging process ?
Fast growing number of aged population has been occurring all over the world .
As people aged , their income drops but their medical expenses are actually increasing .
Hence , every research , development and policy that will help them to reduce their burden is a gospel to them .
To the large extent , current researches , developments and policies have helped to ease the aging process .
Medical expenses are most likely to be the burden of aged population .
As human aged , metabolism rate and immunity will start to drop , limbs and body organ such as kidneys , livers , hearts , and other organ will start to fail due to long years of usage .
To ensure that the aged population is able to pay large amount of medical expenses which could arise due to their old age , the government has set up a few policies to assist them .
Take for examples , Medisave helps people to save money for their future medical expenses during their younger age , Medishield allows more people to be able buy an affordable insurance since the premium of the Medishield can be deducted from their Medisave accounts , while Central Provident Funds allows people to be less worried about their silver age expenses , include medical expenses .
Although some people might think that the government forces them to contribute part of their income as CPF is against their will , they fail to realize that this 'forcing save ' can be good as it prevent them from squandering it on other less important merchandise .
Therefore , when they aged , they will not be so dependent on the government thus the government can divert the fund to other important development plan .
Other than the expenses , the science and medical discovery is one of most important factor that will help easing the aging process .
Since the risen of consciousness of balance diet , people have been consuming less salt , sugar or high fat food , and , it thus reduced the chances of suffer from chronic diseases like hypertension , diabetes , or cardiovascular diseases .
Although statistics have shown that people have become more vulnerable to these kinds of diseases , their chance of survival has been increasing as medical technology become more advance .
In additional , medicines that use to counter hypertension , diabetes have been popularized .
Thus , it enables hypertension sufferer and diabetic to work and live as normal after taken the medicine .
What will happen if older people need these medicines but these medicines is not affordable to them ?
The medisave and medishield they bought will help them pay for their expenses , although not fully pay , it would still reduce significantly .
Besides those , architectural improvement has helped aged people both with and without disability to be able to travel by themselves .
For instances , SMRT company has installed lift at every MRT station and provide bus services that is able to carry wheelchair users .
With those little extra efforts provided by the company , it would be more convenient for those aged people to ride MRT or public bus .
A decade ago , most Singapore HDB apartment lifts are not accessible on every floor , thus it was very inconvenient for older people as they still have to take the stairs which may imposed more danger to them .
Seeing this problem , the government decided to upgrade the lift systems , so we can see most HDB apartment lift is accessible on every floor now .
These cost of architectural improvement required a large amount of fund , but what driven SMRT , SBS Transit and the government to spend so much money on those upgrades even though those upgrades may not affect their profits or themselves much ?
It was because they had seen a future benefits from the upgrades as the improvements will not only benefit aged or disabled people , they will also reduce people travel time thus increase their productivity .
Hence , we can find government policies has help people to be more able to meet their medical expenses , the science discovery has help improving aged people health condition , and architectural improvement has made aged people life easier .
Combined all points mentioned above , we can conclude that current researched , developments and policies has not only been easing the aging process but also brought a lot of other benefits as well .
By the year 2030 , one in five people in Singapore will aged 65 and above .
If there is a limit to the budget , the quality of life that the government provides for the elderly will be affected .
Lacks of family support , unemployment due to lower education level , social and political impact on the country are some of the factors why public spending on the aged should not be limited .
It should instead be increasing gradually over the years .
Many of the young adults are leaving Singapore because of the stifling atmosphere of the country and the political and intellectual lock step enforced by the government .
Some are also attracted by the job offers overseas .
With them leaving the country , elderly are the ones who suffer because they are being left alone and most of the time , their children do not have the intention of coming back .
Tribunal cases of elderly demanding financial assistance from their children in Singapore has increased over the years .
Although the government is studying the best way to use the Maintenance of Parents Act to get such children to do their filial duty , they should also set aside more budgets each year so as to act as a cushion in case the children themselves have difficulty financing their own family .
Most of the elderly do not have proper education that is needed in today 's society in order to meet ends needs .
With age catching up with time , their productivity is decreasing and eventually companies will hire new employee to replace them .
If the government were to limit our spending on them , they will face lots of potential problems such as unemployment or retrenchment , which will have a spillover effect on their children supporting them financially .
However some companies do retain their older workers because of loyalty but if there is a crisis , they will still be the first one to get laid off .
The government has done well by providing handouts to the elderly but this could only satisfy a percentage of the elderly population .
Our population is aging and by spending more on the aged , people can be assured that when they aged , the government will be there to support them .
On the other hand , if there is a limit spending on the aged , people will tend towards individualism .
This will over time causes them to be more focus on their individual interests without taking the interests of society into consideration .
Besides social impact to the country , political impact will be another factor to take into consideration .
According to Singapore statistics the percentage of elderly in Singapore is 8.7 % of the entire population and this number is increasing slowly every year .
Singapore has done well over the years by implementing projects helping the poor and it had gained the trust and support of the citizens .
It is therefore crucial to maintain or improve its image of doing so .
In summary , having a limit to the budget will eventually have long-term implications to the country 's process and growth .
The government should increase the limit gradually every year in pace with economic growth .
Instead of treating the elderly in society as an expense , the government can think of ways to harness the knowledge and experience from them so that they can contribute back more into society .
In the recent years , along with the decline in birth rate , the proportion of the aged in our population has also increased .
This leads us to a major problem of our time , known as ageing population .
Governments around the world have been actively seeking measures to cope with the problem , one of which is to increase the public spending on the aged .
Even though public spending on the elderly is essential for a country to deal with an ageing population , it should be limited because of the underlying negative implications .
Instead , more of the expenditure should go towards other forms of development .
Though some may agree that public spending on the aged largely aids the society in coping with the needs of an ageing population , however , it may hinders the development in other sectors .
With greater expenditure into helping the aged , the country will possess fewer funds for development in other areas such as infrastructure .
Therefore , with an inadequate input into these areas , the development of the latter will be neglected .
As such areas are the key pillars to a country 's development , any slowdown in these areas will affect the country 's regional competitiveness .
EU for instance , has been dealing with an ageing population .
It has been predicted that the growth rate will be reduced by half in the near future as a result of over public spending on the aged .
[ 1 ] Hence , negative impact has been imposed on the progress on the economy , which is detrimental to the country 's development .
Therefore , since expenditure on the aged puts the country 's growth at risk , the former should be limited .
Though many may claim that the bulk of the amount needed to support the aged should come from the government who has the greatest financial power in supporting them , however , this public spending should be limited .
If large expenditure were to be dedicated in helping the elderly , the children may in turn over rely on the government to support their aged family members instead of both parties playing a part in sharing the burden of supporting them .
In Singapore for instance , the government is not the sole party that is responsible in supporting the ageing population .
The government only contributes through the distribution of subsidies to help the aged while their children carry the responsibility in supporting them .
Therefore , to prevent over dependence on the government by the children , public spending should be limited and be diverted to other areas for better use .
Alternatively , limited public spending may not be ideal .
In the event that the government 's expenditure on the aged is restricted while the number of elderly is surging , the needs of the elderly may not be completely attended .
This is because since the aged 's basic needs are not attended , they have to work in order to fulfill them .
Hence , since the workforce is the main sector that drives the economy , an ageing workforce which is inefficient will slow down economic growth and hinders the country 's progress .
Currently , many governments have implemented measures which enforce compulsory savings for old age , such as the Singapore government which implemented Medisave .
Hence , even though if public expenditure on the aged were to be limited , people have these savings in which when combined with the government aid , are more than sufficient to attend to their needs .
However , apart from coping with the latter , a country must not neglect other parts of developments which are crucial to the country as well .
Therefore , it is advisable for public expenditure on the aged to be limited so that , no other sectors are being sacrificed at the expense of dealing with the aged .
As we know , the aged , which also known as gray population , is increasing rapidly nowadays .
Growing gray population means more things to be sacrificed ; one of them is public money that is spent to fund the aged , or usually known as public spending for the aged .
In Indonesia , the budget on it is not so clear that government can spend much money for them without any limitation .
We can see it from many evidences that present , such as the currency of Indonesian rupiah which is very weak compared to other currencies .
Therefore , we can say that limitation on spending for the aged is a good idea since in Indonesia , there is still many areas that are not well developed yet especially in economic area .
Public spending on the aged covers many aspects of their life , starting from healthcare until their living place .
The fact is that according to Asian culture , they still have family who should support them for those kinds of thing and the government does not need to spend much money on it .
There are also many old folks ' homes in Indonesia which have permanent donator .
The government also should make a clear policy regarding public spending on the aged which states about how much money or what is the percentage from public income that should be spent to support the aged .
It is still very sensitive to any changing , whether it is from Indonesia itself or from the world .
There are many weaknesses in Indonesia 's economic , such as the climate of investment which is still unstable .
We can infer that from big uncertainty in many obligations .
Besides that , there are many problems that make Indonesia 's economy is not competitive , they are laboring problems and other structural problems such as the number of corruption which is still big .
Indonesia 's government finds it hard to fight against corruption since it has been in Indonesians ' mentality from long time ago .
Nepotism also becomes a big problem in Indonesia an this is also very tough to fight .
In banking sector , we also can see many weaknesses , e.g .
the lack of manpower in which Bank of Indonesia keep fixing .
From the examples I have given , we can say that there are so many areas to be fixed in Indonesia 's economy that can improve the situation of it .
Thirdly , limitation on public spending for the aged is not as bad as it is heard .
Then , the government uses the rest of Nett National Product to improve Indonesia 's economy .
After one year , due to economical improvement , Indonesia 's Nett National Product raises up to 20 billion per month .
This example reflects that spending on the aged will be raised together with the raising of Nett National Product which is earned from the improvement of the economic sector in Indonesia .
To sum up , government of Indonesia should limit its spending on the aged and improve other areas of the country , especially economic area .
In fact , limitation on it does not always mean bad .
We can us percentage system for the policy on it which means that the amount of spending for the aged will raise altogether with the improvement of economy sector .
In the case of Australia , government spending on health rose by $ 6.1 billion or $ 267 per person in 2003 to 2004 .
Increased health care spending results in a smaller ratio of the government 's spending on other areas like infrastructure and defend , leading to economical impacts .
Public spending may not be appealing because there are no advantages and immediate benefits received from spending on the aged as compared to using these resources to invest in the economy , defend or infrastructure sectors .
Individuals do not see the worth in investing in aged population as they tend to associate it with having a high opportunity cost .
However , it may not be true because the repercussion of not spending on the aged will be even larger in the long run .
If we were to deprive and limit out aged population of the basic amenities and equipment , what kind of image does it portray of the country to its foreign investors and even its own countrymen ?
Her own fellow countrymen might feel that they are not able to depend on the government for help and support in their golden age , hence this may lead to the possibility of an outflow of her people .
To some individuals , the aged are outdated and relatively less productive as compared to the younger generation because they are not as well abreast of the latest technological advancements nor as agile as the young .
Individuals do not see the values in retaining these older populations in workforce .
In the case of Singapore , her government is cognizant that these elder workers are assets ; with effect from 1 January 1999 , the minimum retirement age is raised from 60 to 62 years .
In addition , the government encourages active participation of the aged in the workforce by offering free trainings to these workers .
This will promote active ageing and guidance to occur .
Therefore , by encouraging the older workforce to go for retraining , it will increase the productivity of these workers and hence their employability .
For many years , opponents to such plans believed that the European style of welfare states were the perfect models where healthcare should be accessible to everyone and that care should be delivered to the aged without them having to pay for it .
They argued that the aged needs the best possible care in their sunset years .
Stanford Center on Longevity ( 2008 ) But , the global upward trend in growing elderly population and a shrinking younger workforce coupled with low birthrates has turned against such a model .
Furthermore , excessive spending on the aged can hinder a country 's growth which demands equal attention .
Firstly , advocates of limiting public spending on the aged argues that optimal and prudent spending is the solution so that it is able to sustains the current and future aged .
For instance , the United States is currently the largest spending on healthcare as per percentage of Gross Domestic Product ( GDP ) .
California Healthcare Foundation ( 2008 ) Yet , there is little evidence to support that the American system is superior .
In comparison , many nations are achieving higher life expectancy rates with much significant lower public spending .
If the public spending on the aged is not bring under control , the government will have to raise taxes to sustain its coffers which can irk its citizens and result in exodus of businesses if labor costs increases .
Secondly , for a country to prospers , it has to invest on its youths through education which will boost literacy .
Illiteracy often limits the economical growth of a nation where knowledge intensive industries are much highly valued .
Thirdly , national defence is vital for a country 's security and ability to defend it against potential aggressors .
In terms of internal threats , defence spending can boost a country 's resources in time to deal with natural disasters while external threats can be to protect the freedom of the country .
This makes defence spending equally important in the context of economical progress .
The government 's coffer is not a ceaseless goldmine and if public spending for the aged is not bring under control , it will eventually run out which in turn will affect future generations when they become the aged .
There always have been numerous on-going researches , development or policies to help the easing of the process of aging .
There will be three reasons to be elaborated in the following paragraphs .
Firstly , the mobility for the elderly has been improved .
In this code , they drew up restrictions and regulations which engineers and architects have to comply to make the built environment accessible-friendly for the elderly .
For examples , the authority ensures the installation of lift at every storey of Housing Development Board ( HDB ) flats and Mass Rapid Transportation ( MRT ) stations , as well as building of ramps at all entrances of buildings .
They had commented on one shortcoming that there are still a large number of buildings which are still not full-accessible .
With regards to this , the BCA has already stepped up with the plan by applying another 5-year plan , known as the Barrier-Free Accessibility ( BFA ) Upgrading Program ( 2007-2011 ) to make sure that all buildings will be equipped with barrier-free improvements .
Furthermore , BCA has also set-up a $ 40 million Accessibility Funds for private buildings to be transformed into barrier-free buildings .
In addition , lifts and ramps are currently built at those older MRT stations such as Queenstown MRT station in view of helping the elderly to travel from ground level to ticket gantries easier .
The news articles also have been reportedly quoting that the government hopes to reduce the impacts of an aging population by extending working lives .
This program will enable the elderly to upscale their skills so that they can be retained in employability by their employers ( Singapore Workforce Development Agency , 2009 ) .
Another initiative is the Lifelong Income For the Elderly under the Central Provident Funds Scheme ( CFP LIFE ) , whereby there is a fixed amount of income for elderly who is aged 65 years old and above .
This will then ensure financial protection for the elderly when they reach the age ( Prime Minister Office , 2009 ) .
On the contrary , people often question the effectiveness of these initiatives .
They may have doubts about is the fund enough to achieve a high percentage of elderly to work longer or can the companies cope with re-employment of older workers ?
With regards to this , the Prime Minister of Singapore , Mr. Lee Hsien Loong had reassured the public that the government will continue to revise the initiatives to make sure that the elderly can work longer with ease .
With regards to the ability of the companies to cope with re-employment of older workers , the government has introduced another program know as the ADVANTAGE !
Scheme ; which offer grants up to $ 400,000 to companies who are interested to re- employ older workers ( NTUC NeXus , 2006 ) .
As such , with these initiatives , the public should be rest assured that the minimum of initiatives will be carried out to guarantee that the elderly can extend their working lives with least problems .
This will appeal to people who do not like the signs of aging process to be displayed on their body .
Thus , there are increasing numbers of people who are adapting to these procedures as they rebut that they can age with more grace by doing so .
No doubt on the other hand , people criticized about the negative impacts of such procedures and the attitude of people who engaged such procedures .
They emphasize on the side effects such as the addiction to Botox injections and they often think otherwise for the attitude of this group of elderly .
However , as a matter of fact , any medical procedures will carry a certain factor of risks .
Therefore it is up to the weighing of risk the individual want to take .
Coming to the attitude of the elderly who engaged such procedures which is causing a large debate ; it should be up to the discretion of the individual .
This is actually up to how the individual want to age and their way to deal with the process of aging .
This is as long as they had fully considered the negative impacts of such procedures and agreed to accept them without condition .
As an outsider , we should keep an objective outlook on this issue and we can not impede them from what they deem is the best for themselves .
We should only focus on the stand that these medical innovations do help those who want to age in the way which they define themselves in .
Despite the fact that we do not know the exact measurements of how well these developments have helped the elderly , it is for sure these developments are done to make sure our aging population can be well taken care of .
Furthermore , the most important thing here is that we can see everyone to age with ease , grace and happiness so that there will be lesser aging issues to be addressed .
Further emphasis by governments with regards to public architecture has also made aging easier .
This could not have been timelier , a study done by the United Nations in 2000 states that by 2010 , all developed countries would have an increase in percentage of senior citizens as a whole .
This can be attributed to greater awareness by technological companies in the needs of an elderly individual , thus attributing greater emphasis in this field of research .
Previously , a person in a wheelchair would require another to push .
However , over the past decade , improvements in the electronic wheelchair have made it significantly lighter and the battery able to last longer .
As the field of medicine rapidly progresses , many illnesses and ailments previously difficult to treat , have now been reduced to mere inconveniences .
On the treatment front , improvements in the pin-hole surgery have greatly minimized the trauma to the patient , leading to shorted recovery time .
With such leaps in the field of medicine , health problems associated with aging no longer is such a big issue as before , allowing people to have greater quality of life in their twilight years .
Social policies , especially with regards to the country 's architecture , implemented by the government will have significant effects on the respective country 's aging population .
Rather , they taper the ends of the walkways into slopes with non-slip coating on them .
This is an example of how social policies with regards to architecture can make life easier for the elderly .
Expenditure by government , health , education , infrastructure , industrial and socials are examples of government public spending .
Today , government emphasizes more on the aged and spends a high sum of money to assist them .
Government should increase education spending in order to nurture people to create a brighter future for the society .
As we all knew , Dr Bill Harrison stated that education is the key to a better future for our children .
Children who are well-educated will have more opportunity in contributing to the society .
Besides that , professionals should be given more incentive to further their studies .
Government should raise the salary for professionals as a way to motivate them .
Moreover , retrenching the education cost can initially give the poor some opportunity to have education in rural areas , thus this will definitely benefit to the society .
According to Wikipedia , statistic shows that 19.6 % from the resident non-students aged 15 years and over got no qualification in education of year 2000 .
Furthermore , infrastructure development requires a higher percentage of spending compare to spending on aged because infrastructure plays an important role in ameliorating the standard of living of a country .
Singapore transportation consist Mass Rapid Transit ( MRT ) , Singapore Changi Airport and others .
Government should spend more on transportation by providing more facilities for the disable and poor .
More recycle bin or " Saving the Earth " event should be carried out by the government .
On the other hand , renewable energy usage such as solar energy , wind energy and water energy should be used more frequently in order to reduce the usage of nonrenewable resources .
Hence , government should pay more attention into saving natural resources .
Another significant reason is to concern more on industrialization .
Industrialization can be a core of a country as it is the second widest sector in most country .
The Wikipedia claims that intensive farming is an { agricultural } [ HYPERLINK : http : //en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Agricultural ] production system characterized by the high { inputs } [ HYPERLINK : http : //en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Input ] of { capital } [ HYPERLINK : http : //en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Capital_ ( economics ) ] ,labor , or heavy usage of technologies such as { pesticides } [ HYPERLINK : http : //en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pesticides ] and chemical { fertilizers } [ HYPERLINK : http : //en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fertilizers ] relative to land area .
Moreover , manufacturing industry also needed attention from the government since manufacturing is satisfying the citizens .
Manufacturing factory creates many products and sells it to the consumer due to their demand in the market .
In addition , construction industry is momentous as it will determine how a country will be developed .
As we can see today , there are constructions everywhere in Singapore and this prove that Singapore is advancing in a quick pace .
Singapore 's building and construction industry accounts for about 4 % ofgross domestic product and S $ 27 and S $ 32 billion construction demand estimated for the sector in 2008 , according to John Keung , CEO of the Building and Construction Authority ( BCA ) of Singapore .
However , each sector should have priority depends on the level of importance .
Government should think wisely and choose the sector which has more privileges .
Therefore , government should not focus too much of their spending on the aged .
Take for example in Singapore , the Ministry of Community Development , Youth and Sports , often works closely with voluntary welfare organisations to provide community-based programmes and residential care for the aged .
Britain has introduced a compulsory pension scheme in 2006 where the employees have to contribute 4 percent of their monthly pay while their employers have to contribute 3 percent .
From a recent article from The Straits Times , some " Singaporeans were using the recession as an excuse to avoid paying their parents ' nursing home bills " , even though some looked like they could very well afford it .
Governments should therefore set apart more funds to support the aged and provide more facilities for them .
This is however , only a short-term solution to the problem of ageing population .
Talking about the most striking features of ages we can not forget the progress of science and its effects on almost every aspects of human life .
In my opinion , the contribution of current researches and technology is very important in easing aging process .
For some people , science brings us more harm than good .
The rapid tempo of modern life also results in wide spread nervous disorder .
Moreover , our machine civilization is also responsible for numerous accidents and serious injuries for many people which cause a lot of difficulties in their old age .
Consequently , human aging process is accelerated in these recent years .
With advancements in healthcare service and medicine , along with a better understanding of the aging process , life expectancy for humans keeps increasing .
The unceasing experiments and researches have led to numerous discoveries which explain us the reasons of aging process as well as the ways slowing down this process and the key factors to keep the gray hair away .
For example , a healthy diet with enough vitamins , minerals and other necessary nutrition together with regular exercise and a healthy lifestyle will help human live longer and maintain their prime of youth .
Moreover , the appearance of many technology appliances like computers , machines and transportation means also increase productivity and lessen workload , which creates more time to relax and enjoy the life .
As we know , the old age always come up with many unpleasant problems and diseases , both in physical and mental state .
In most of cases , scientists find out medicine and the cure as soon as they discover the causes of certain diseases .
Additions to that , the work of medical scientists also reduce pain to great extent .
In the past , operations were performed on individual in a very crude manner .
Today , however , many surgical operations could be done without any pain and small incision by application of endoscopic technology .
Furthermore , the support of many convenient devices also provides the old a better preparation to face with their old age .
As we can see , the using of wheelchairs , audiphones , glasses... has contributed a lot in facilitating the old people in their life .
Together with them , the installation of lift , user friendly machines and free barrier transportation systems everywhere is also the key for senior residents access the better life .
Moreover , the electrical devices in our daily life these days such as computers , televisions , washing machines... also make the old age become more convenience , pleasant and comfortable .
They do not only save their manual labour but more importantly , being friends and the sources of entertainment in their boring old age .
From all of this above arguments , we can go to the conclusion that government can use science and technology as an effective way to ease the aging process .
This is a good solution to cope with the increasing aging population , one of current difficult global problems .
It not only helps slow down the aging process but also facilitates the human old age .
Once more time , we must thanks to science for giving us a better life .
Public spending on the aged is the expenditure by the government covering on health , infrastructure and projects aimed at improving the lives of the elderly .
The other areas of a country 's development include investing in education , military , economic and infrastructure .
Funding for the aged is necessary as there is a growing trend in the ageing population but more importantly resources should be allocated away from just the aged itself to other country 's development that will indirectly aid the ageing population .
In Singapore , courses such as professional IT certification and { Employability Skills System } [ HYPERLINK : http : //www.ntuc.org.sg/careertraining/ioEditor.asp ? EltGuid = 653E6C29553C4340B4DFC81D3D4CE692&BackAsp = /reddot5/ioRD.asp % 3FAction % 3DEditElement % 26GUID % 3D653E6C29553C4340B4DFC81D3D4CE692 % 26ExtendedInfo % 3D0 % 26FontSize % 3D2 % 26FontFace % 3Darial % 26FontColor % 3D % 23ff0000 % 26OpenerIsRedDot % 3D1 % 26DummyRefreshTime % 3D1220516787640&CancelAsp = &FlatStyle = yes&HideSave = yes&EditorFlags = 0&FontFace = arial&FontSize = 2&FontColor = % 23ff0000 ] from the National Trade Union Centre are heavily subsidised by the government and are available to the public to improve their skills and this in turn helps to increase their employability .
The individual must be made to be accountable for his or her own health and not relying totally on the public spending by the government .
In addition , the costs for medical care should be subsidised as some treatments can really be expensive and most of the people will not be able to afford .
Without immediate actions from both the government and the society , it might create problems for the country and elderly themselves in the future .
Singapore 's economy might be in danger due to lack of productivity , and the elderly might find difficulties in coping with the aging process .
Realizing this impending danger , the government has been taking some new policies in economy and social policy.To a large extent , current research and policies have helped to ease aging process .
The Re-employment Law will take into effect in 2012 .
Realizing this challenge , the government has encouraged companies which are willing to apply the new policy before 2012 by giving grants to companies and prepared the older worker to be more productive by giving workshops and courses .
In social policy , the government has tried to improve the awareness of young generation to care more about the elderly .
In this forum , the young generation is expected to spend more time and be more understanding towards the elderly.The government also encourage the elderly to run a healhty lifesyle , such as not smoking , consuming a healthy diet , and exercising regularly .
Healthy body is important because when the eldery is healthy , they will not feel useless or abandoned .
Since everything provided by the government is considered as a right of people , the more subsidies for the elderly , the more demand will be created .
Hence , there is a worry that the government will neglect the subsidies to other important sectors , such as education and defence.However , People should not worry about this because increasing subsidies for elderly can increase the new opportunity for the young generation .
It will also stimulate young generation to create new products to ease the aging process .
The existence of the new policies for helping the elderly in many fields , such as economy , social , and technology , shows that both the government and society cares about the elderly .
In the long run , Singapore still can keep its global competitiveness level eventhough it has a big portion of aging population .
The golden generation itself will be happier since they will not feel to be useless or abandoned .
The governments should stress the importance of filial piety to deal with the current situation and plan well ahead to pave path for the future generations in order to minimize the impact of aging population which can be done by investing in certain areas in the country 's development .
Unlike in the Asian countries , this culture is not very prominent in the western countries ; the governments should encourage its citizens to take up the responsibility that is looking after their aged parents .
This is important as the problem faced by most of the aged population is the capability to cope with the high medical costs when illnesses such as strokes or heart diseases strike .
The respective governments must take into consideration that within the aged population there are people whom are childless , single or even deserted by their own children .
In conclusion , public spending on the aged population should be limited but not to such a large extent that it will deprive those who are really in need of assistance from getting aids .
Also , filial piety should be heavily emphasized by the government bodies in concurrent with the implementation of limiting the budget on aged population .
The implications that come with changes tend to be too much for most governments to handle yet only through changes that the possibilities of a better future will emerge .
Therefore , with great foresight and careful planning , the governments could better prepare themselves for the up surging numbers of aging population by implementing the right policies and investing in the areas of country 's development that will benefit both the aged population and the general society .
Aging issues have gained substantial attentions from the public recently .
Some people argue that limiting public pensions for the aged will bring detrimental effects to their livings .
However , limiting public pensions does not equal to removing it .
Increase in public spending may not solve the problems from core unless we utilise the funds in appropriate ways .
We still have room to improve for our current welfare system .
If we can modify our system to be more efficient and effective without much increase the governments ' financial budget , we are able to make room for better use of public funds in other important aspects to aid our economic development .
This will in return bring back more funds for the aged in the future .
As mentioned above , country 's development will determine its future financial capacity to solve various social problems including aging .
Instead , the society is able to afford this growing aging population only when we can assure that growth rate of our economy is able to match that of aging population .
Thus , economic development is a critical indicator of our capability to deal with aging problem in the future .
Governments have wasted significant amount of public pensions on the aged due to inaccurate estimations and inefficient uses of funds .
Firstly , they failed to recognise the fact that the daily living expenses of the elderly would be less than an ordinary working person and established the retirement benefits system according to the average personal monthly spending of the working force .
We also need to note that it is important not just to cut the budget but come out with a detailed alternative plan to support the aged .
Careful management of current expenses along with expanding economy will be our only feasible cure to aging problems .
Countries like Singapore , recognizing its potential , allowed stem cell research labs to be opened despite its controversy in moral values and religion .
An online article by New York Times suggested the reason Singapore did so was that it hopes in return , such labs will diversify its economy and add on to its research-intensive sector that will improve economy growth .
These labs also manufacture their products locally which can be distributed and used to improve the overall country 's health at a low cost .
Diverting money to such areas prove to provide benefits in both contribution to the economy and aiding in the health where the aged ones are concern .
Secondly , by limiting the public spending on the aged , the healthcare system with regards to the aged problem will thus have to be changed This can be viewed as a benefit as the system will be changed to minimize the effect on the country 's economy and the risk of a failed healthcare system .
In other words , if a country was to continue with their current system and not consider the foreseeable problem , too much focus and money will be used in an attempt to resolve the aged problem .
Thus , it is essential that countries start reviewing and emplace new changes where necessary .For instance , one step Singapore has taken is restructuring their healthcare system where elderly patients are treated by acute hospital followed by recuperation in a community hospital .
In addition there will be a minimization of a risk of failing healthcare system as there is enough time to make changes and gradually adapt to it .
However , there is a risk involved to limiting spending on the aged .
Many citizens especially the elders of a country will feel that the country is not concerned for their current and future health , therefore losing confidence in the government .
Although , the democrats are still at its proposal stage , elders are already starting to express their concerns for their current needs , together with younger citizens worried over their future healthcare .
It is crucial that countries come up with solutions that attempts to deal with this in a long term manner .
However , it is also time for these citizens to change their short term perceptions and starting evaluating the possible long term problems if such measures are not being done .
Therefore , with good strategic planning by the country and the understanding of its citizen , limiting spending on the aged and diverting money to other areas of the country 's development , is feasible .
The current architecture improvement and research and development on technological products for the elderly have helped them to overcome the difficulty they faced when their physical health deteriorates .
Thus , provides them an easier life at old age .
However , there is still an increase in the number of elderly suicide cases despite many psychological help from social groups such as The Singapore Action Group for Elderly and many others .
From the statistic above , it has shown that the current research and development or policies may not be successful in helping the elderly to cope with the aging process such as becoming physically disabled or less worthy in the society due to loss of working ability .
Hence , the elderly become depressed over the problems they faced in the aging process which leads them to commit sucide .
Although there is an increase in the number of elderly committing suicides , it is only a small number of elderly committing suicides in Singapore which stand less than a percent of the total aging population .
Currently , there have been many upgrading projects carried out in the older estate where the population there consists of mainly elderly .
In these upgrading projects , there are lifts upgrading to make the lift stop at every floor of the flat and paths made even with gentle slopes around the estate .
These improvements in the infrasuture of the older estate make the estate more accessible for the elderly .
This is because in the aging process of the elderly , physical health deterioration is one of the problems they faced .
They usually will have diffculty travelling around their estate as many of them may have problems climbing stairs and walking on uneven roads .
Some of elderly are also wheel chair bounded which adds on to the diffculty to travel .
Thus , with the lifts upgade and even paths , they can take the can the lifts just outside their doors and move around the estate with no constraint due to unaccessible paths .
This help to solve the problem they faced during their aging process , allowing them to travel and socialise without being bounded by physical restriction .
As the aging population continues to grow , there are many business opporunity in the aging population market .
Many have entered in the elderly products market to supply goods and services that suit the growing numbers of elderly .
It is a very simple to use cell phone with large key pads and SOS button .
These functions help those elderly whose eyesight has usually fallen and not able to catch up with the techological advancement to be able to use a cell phone .
The SOS button also allows elderly who are usually more vulnerable to ask for help when they are in danger .
This shows that the current research and development has helped to overcome some of the problems the againg population may face in the aging process like fallen eyesight and lack of technological knowledge .
Thus , ease their aging process and allow them to lead a normal life .
Elderly in Singapore is enjoying a better quality of life under the current research and development or policies for them .
The current research and development in technological products and architecture improvement have helped the elderly to cope with the diffculties they may face at old age .
Thus , this eases their aging process through providing them a more comfortable and easier life compared to the past when there is no such research and development or policies available .
This merchandise encourages the golden generation who spend most of their time on bed or chair to move around with the controls provided eventually brightening up their lives .
Besides , entrusting an elderly who is not well versed with technology with such contraptions might be dangerous should accidents happen .
Even so , Medicare has been giving assistance to elderly who need wheelchairs as long as the elderly provides a written prescription from the doctor stating the need of having such wheelchair .
According to Oxford University Press ( 2007 ) most elderly feel satisfied with the use of wheelchairs and even use it for shopping , visiting parks and socialising which proves that it is safe .
Furthermore , a better transportation link means more money needed to be allocated by the government on this sector .
Well , improvement on the transportation not only helps the elderly , it also encourages the public to use the public transport which reduce pollution as well as traffic jams and older people are wiser in the sense that they are more experienced compare to the na ï ve and impatient younger generation .
Nowadays , balancing public spending is a big concern to most of governments since they need to carefully evaluate the most suitable spending areas for short and long-term plan .
Failure to make decision in government budget will affect whole countries ' systems including economy , education , or environment , etc .
This essay argues that public spending on the aged , one of the most major categories almost governments recently invest in , should be limited for developing other countries ' important areas , promoting their sustainable growths , and forming people 's responsibilities .
According to World Midyear Population by Age and Sex of US Census Bureau , the population aged above 60 will rise from 20.38 % in 2009 to 21.97 % in 2020 , which means more governments ' spending on pensions and healthcare .
When the aged public spending has increased as a considerable proportion , the governments find it difficult to keep pace with the advances in technologies , commerce , and education , etc. For instance , a recent Singapore government list in 2008 shows that pensions have been accounted for $ 912 billion that has been equal to 17.8 % in total expense .
This has many problems .
Secondly , what I want to emphasize is that the governments only limit the public expense , which does not mean that they totally abandon the aged .
There are still activities carried out to help the elder such as providing free travel on public transportation in cities or subsidizing old people 's homes , etc .
Opponents of this position argue that the elder should be paid attention with more and more subsidies because they are the predecessors with a lot of commitment to societies .
Then the countries are stronger and stronger , supporting the aged with large amount of money .
We agree with Chan ( 2009 ) , who concluded : The government has played a strong and pivotal role in developing policies for the aged that both protect the rights of older members in society and , at the same time , reinforce values believed to be important for the society .
Nevertheless , it is a critical and ultimate path to their full developments .
" Aging populations imply there are pressures stressing on fewer young workers in the workforce who have to support increasing old populations .
Obviously , aging population refers to one of the most difficult challenges that policy makers worldwide are facing currently - how to fund for the elderly in the society .
Although contradict opinions related to this topic , more and more people agree upon the point that public spending on the aged should be limited based on arguments that other areas such as education need more public financial resources , other social security welfare systems have proven to achieve reasonable successes and old people still can possess independent lifestyles .
However , many studies have shown the opposite direction .
A study undertaken in Spain ( 2000 ) claimed that the rising allocation from limited public budget on the elderly is expected to threaten commitments to other deserving groups , especial children .
To add more warning signals , a study done in the U.S. ( 2004 ) indicated that " spending gap between children and elders increased by twenty percent despite the fact the U.S. poverty rates among children have consistently exceeded those for the elderly , and that in absolute numbers , three times as many children live in poverty , compared to elders " .
It is no doubt that future prosperity is likely to be negatively affected because the lack of investment in education , nutrition and other aspects for young generations .
As a result , national aggregate surplus is offset by the public expenditures on the elderly , which leads to the overall effect of reducing potential growth rate and burdening developments .
In other words , the final result would be harmful impacts on overall social welfare rather than contributions as being claimed .
It works with the logic of letting children take care of their own parents , which considerably effective under Asian cultures and contexts .
Thus , there is no denying the fact that the good performance in Singapore herself is a convincing illustration for limiting public expenses on the elderly and investing in other fields such as education and research .
In other words , majority of old populations can live independently .
Moreover , they are capable of obtaining a healthy lifestyle via doing exercises and maintaining proper nutrition plan .
By doing that , the remaining public fund would be used more efficiently and effectively in other investment and reinforcement activities and the country would be benefited subsequently .
However , specific adjustments need to be made to specific country .
This number has significantly increased from 24 years since 1980 , and predicted to reach 54 years within the next 40 years , similar to that of Japan and Italy now .
( Singapore Department of Statistics , 1999 , Lee , 2009 ) There will be increased burden for the working adult population to provide for the aged dependents , be it healthcare or finances .
However it also emphasizes a greater need to be financially independent and help create more elderly involvement in the society which contributes to the economy .
Thirdly , foreign talent policy , of which the government embraces , also played an important role in easing the aging process .
According to Administration of Aging ( AoA ) in America , the figure of the older population which refer to persons 65 years or older is 37.3 million in 2006 ( the latest year for which data is available ) and this statistics is anticipated to grow more than double by the year 2030.Concern about aged has surfaced with such dramatic force and recognition by so many nations .
Limiting the public spending on the aged may impose financial burden on the future generations simultaneously as the main resource for financial support of elderly is family .
In the other hand , Peterson ( 2001 ) had suggested that societies in weak extended family , high elder poverty and quick-rising of long term care costs should learn from Japan where most elderly people still living with their adult children .
Filial obligation and willingness of grown children to take care their aged parents are needed indeed .
However , adult nowadays are stressful enough in facing the competitive dynamic world and high living expenses .
Aged people may unable to seek for medical assistance when they suffer from sickness such as heart attack , high blood pressure and etc .
Elderly who collecting old newspaper and soft drink cans along the street can be seen frequently .
Peterson ( 2001 ) suggested aged people should be encouraged to plan for their future old age life by saving and investing part of their income earned in their young working life .
For example , Singapore main retirement 's scheme , the Central Provident Fund system , is one of the way of funded retirement saving .
In the other hand , there are many more important areas to develop in an country include investment , education , basic infrastructure , politic issues and so on .
However , a country should be established based on moral ethic .
Since most of young will be old someday , today 's children will in time receive the benefits granted to today 's elderly , as long as current commitments remain in place .
Wide array of aging issues are complex and inevitable but not insurmountable .
As the aging problems are getting seriously nowadays , it should not be invariably neglected by the society but to face the problem that the elderly may suffer financial hardships in their golden age after they retired .
In the other hand , a huge amount of stress which may cause high blood pressure , heart disease and cancer will affect both their emotional and physical health and reduces their ability to live to the full .
In fact , it is very hard to be ensured that the money saved by the elderly for the future needs will definitely sufficient as there are lot of large unexpected expenditure such as medical fees .
Besides that , if the public spending on the aged is limited it may drastically increase the burden of future generations as they have to undertake so many responsibilities by limited income .
Burden of responsibilities of taking care of their aged parents , taking care of their children , rising cost of living and at the same time worrying about job security makes the future generations live so stressful every day in life in competitive society .
However , their spirit of creating a better world for future generations can not be measured by money and unfortunately if they suffer financial hardship we should help them genuinely as they are our pioneers to improve country development .
Aging population nowadays has become the topic for a lot of discussion .
This essay also wants to argue that public spending on the aged should be limited so that money can be diverted to other areas of the country 's development because there are strategies that government can supplement to reduce that burden , and the money invested to other areas could be a big support to society .
First of all , does the aged as a real " social problem " ?
The aged will not be viewed as a " social problem " once it is believed that most the aged are dependent on their survival .
However , as in the recession period , old people got difficulty in supporting for their own living expense , which results in social spending for the aged .
Thus , people often claim that age dependency has become an actual crisis of the society , and government has taken action on attempt to decrease their social welfare expenditures during period of fiscal constraint .
) , there are basic strategies , which policy makers and government can consider implementing to lessen the burdensome of older generations to the younger .
These strategies prove that instead of spending much money on supporting the aged , government can seek for another alternatives to reduce the burden .
The most considerable strategy is that stressing filial obligation and increasing the willingness of tomorrow 's grown children to support their own elderly parents through informal and family channels .
7 ) Originated from Asian cultures , family obligation is the most precious thing , which characterizes the parents-children relationship .
That is a good classification of working labors in the society that take good advantage of the scarce labor force .
Moreover , by doing so , the elder can earn for their living , have a savings for future need on health care , and have less dependency on their younger generation .
Although it is a controversial issue to talk about aging population and its burden to the society , this essay indicates alternatives government can do besides spending too much on the aged to adapt to the challenge for the future , which is " to ensure that people everywhere will be enabled to age with security and dignity and continue to participate in their societies as citizens with full rights " .
Fortunately , good news is that to a large extent , current research and development ( R&D ) , and government policies have taken actions to help ease the aging process .
Opponents may say current clinical R&D cause an increase in longevity , which substantially raises the average age of the population .
Clinical R&D continuously introduce people with healthier living styles , bring in more efficacious , safer and cheaper medical treatments , which allows people to look young and stay healthy so that they are still able to work actively in middle or even old age .
To cope with it , Chinese government has made and implemented several policies like building up colleges of continuing education for the aged .
By controlling the size of population , one child policy indirectly shifts the governmental funds from the young to the elderly , so that the government has more flexible budget to help the elderly .
In this manner , one child policy helps to ease the aging process as well .
Issues such as high elderly dependency ratio , shrinking workforce and increasing healthcare problems resulting from an aging population are apparent in many countries of today .
However , they also are aware that devising a policy that can eliminate this trend is close to impossible in the short run as the two main sources of an aging population , higher live expectancy and lower birth rate ( United Nation , 2002 ) , are unable to be affected by any policy .
Fortunately , much can be done as current research and development/policies have shown hope of easing the aging process by dealing with the consequences directly instead of the sources .
The growth of elderly dependency ratio signifies a state where an escalating numbers of beneficiaries of health and pension funds are sustained by relatively smaller number of contributors ( United Nation , 2002 ) .
By means of requiring citizens to provide in advance for their own old-age dependency , policy makers were able to ease the above mentioned situation .
Some of the countries such as Australia , British , Chile and Singapore have gained much through encouraging and means of law to convince citizen to save and invest a portion of their income earned while they are still in the workforce ( Peterson , 2001 ) .
Unfortunately , a fraction of citizens still feels that government should not intervene the way they spend or save their income .
Furthermore , not many individual has the discipline to maintain a healthy bank balance given the materialistic world of today .
Thus , compulsory saving can help guarantee a sizable amount of saving for their future and is a practical and effective way to ensure old age dependency is kept to the minimum .
Shrinking workforce is another problem arising from an aging population .
The manpower resources of many developed countries are predicted to shrink as a hefty portion of the workforce is edging towards retirement .
The resulting situation is an increase amount of stress falling onto the shoulder of the remaining working adults as they struggle to provide for their older counterpart .
The solution inevitably invited criticism as many found themselves being victims of ageism , a situation where younger workers are preferred over retaining or hiring the old .
However , the situation has been improving for some countries such as Singapore .
This give much hope to the elderly world as they are still employable and the problem of dependency on the shrinking workforce can be lessen .
Another major issue caused by aging population is the increasing healthcare problem associated with elderly .
Governments all around the world has to make provision for improved healthcare as live expectancy of their citizens and medical technological advancement are improving by the years .
Adding on to the misery , the cost associated with healthcare is also growing with the combined effect of rising standard of living and high cost of advanced medical development .
Such policy can give securities for the elderly if they find themselves trapped with the high cost of healthcare .
It is a world-wide phenomenon that has no quick-fix solution to prevent it and it is quite clear that every country will eventually reach the same stage as societies continue to develop .
Clearly , many problems associating with aging still persist and will be apparent in developing societies but with the help of current research and development/policies many socio economical problems can be avoided or minimized .
In fact , leaders and policymakers particularly from the developed countries have proactively implemented a series of researches and policies in an effort to confront this unprecedented phenomenon .
Aging-related problem is no longer an imminent issue that concerns a particular region but it happens to be disquieted and discussed in every country all over the world .
For instance , Germany is currently facing an acute problem of aging in Europe and this prompted the government to generate flexible jobs for elderly and discourage early retirement by cutting the pension entitlement by 3.6 percent for each year spent in retirement before the age of 65 .
In a nutshell , current development on policy reforms and researches has been carried out simultaneously over the past decades to help cope with both societal and physical impact .
Healthcare issue has to be taken into consideration because elderly are prone to suffer from several chronic diseases as they grow older .
For example , since the mid 90 's , the common usage of wire mesh stents for treatment of artery blockages are partly gained from economic returns and survival rates in the treatment of heart diseases .
In addition , increase spending on new medical technologies may restrict society 's ability to expand healthcare coverage to more elderly .
Nonetheless , if the spending on healthcare is limited , the burden will increasingly fall on low-income individuals as well as their families .
Elderly are encouraged to work longer and contribute to the growth of economy , thereby reducing elder dependency of fiscal cost .
Later retirement not only secures a better pension entitlement for the future , but also a direct mean whereby people can supplement their income in later life , thus helping them to maintain their standard of living during retirement .
However , older workers are usually less productive than imported foreign talents whereas employers may compromise on a small portion of existing aged employees .
If employers have the flexibility to hire older employees on a part-time basis , to vary responsibilities as the capabilities of older workers change , they will be much less reluctant to hire and retain older workers .
Alternatively , the government should encourage employment of elderly by offering privileges and incentives to private sectors .
On top of that , policies that create economic security for the elderly and remove barriers faced by them should always be a priority in this rising life expectancy .
Governments and policymakers have largely undertaken a basic nationwide infrastructure in which provides comfortable and elderly-friendly communities .
Current development on communities has created convenience to meet the needs of elderly such as barrier-free facilities , security systems , housing , transportation , and so forth .
These physical community 's assets help to provide elderly a good quality of life and ease their mental health in the long run .
Hopefully , governments aim to get all elderly in communities fully engaged in social activities and involve them in lifelong learning .
Yet , some elderly are still facing a problem of being left out or discrimination in their old age .
Societies are responsible for stressing filial obligation among public to look after their elderly parents .
In the other words , it is a public consciousness of protecting elderly rights , eliminating elderly people 's negative self-image , and increasing their capacity to influence policy-making .
Aging process in this changing world could have resulted significantly in politic and society with respect to acute financial problem .
In order to ease the current predicament , governments have to emphasize on distribution of their budgets and either modify ways or reallocate funds to reduce the cost of public spending .
On the other hand , it is plausible to reward families for having children and enable more young people to work .
The future elderly will be more professional and better educated than current cohorts in many countries .
Thus , decision-makers must carry on fashioning programs to further ease the aging process nowadays without getting them locked into policies and approaches that may not be suitable for the changing composition of tomorrow 's elderly .
Nowadays almost every developed country is concerned about the issue of growing aging population because this issue is a barrier for a country 's development .
Aging population is the result of the increase in the expectancy rate over several centuries and continues to increase because of advancements in medication .
According to the report of United Nations Population Division " Worldwide , there are currently more than 600million people over age 60 .
On the other side from mid-1971 to mid-2006 , those aged under 16 fell from 26 % to 19 % which is the result of effective family planning programs throughout these decades .
There is being a decrease in the ratio of working people to those over age 65 due to which governments are reviewing their budget plans and developing policies in order to overcome with these crucial challenges .
But this does not means that to overcome these challenges excessive spending should be done by the government .
As it takes years for the country to overcome with this problem so likewise spending on the aged should be limited .
So there should be limited public spending on the aged group so that money can be diverted to other areas of the county which will give better returns in near future .
Public spending on the aged should be limited so that money can be diverted to other areas such like education which is far more important than the aging issue in todays world .
Government should be more focus on education than the spending on aged one as spending more in education will probably increase the living standard and the potentiality of a country .
Indeed no country can move forward without the education .
Due to the aging population there is a shrinking workforce , so government should spend more on education so that it will increase the productivity of the workforce .
So governments should review their budgets according to the spending on education .
Spending on education will give better return to a country in near future because education is a major factor for the country 's economic growth whereas the spending on aged is just the opposite which is spending on the aged is inversely proportional to economic growth .
For a country spending in education is consider as injecting into an economy whereas spending on the aged is consider as a leakage in an economy .
So for the country 's development there should be more injections than the leakages .
For a country money should be diverted to other areas like defense , improving infrastructure and thus public spending should be limited on the aged in order to get better returns and to excel in the world .
Most probably for a country opportunity cost for spending in defense and infrastructure is more than the spending on the aged ones because spending in infrastructure generates revenue for a country like attracting foreign investments and tourisms , spending on defense give 's a sense of security to a nation whereas spending on aged is just an expenditure for a country , and for a country to pay its expenditures it should have sufficient amount of revenues .
Spending on the infrastructure and defense will enhance the country 's economic growth rate , living standards and overall the image of a country .
Though spending on the aged ones could also improves the living standard and the image of a country but would be less effective as compare to the spending in infrastructure and defense .
It is less effective because benefits do not exceed the cost .
So therefore spending on aged ones should be limited so that money can be spend to other areas of the country 's development .
Though for a country 's development there should be spending on education , infrastructure , defense , but it is essential for a country 's development that there should be more spending on the aged .
Since from past several decades there is been an increase in the expectancy rate which had probably caused the aging problem , so there should be a sufficient increase in the spending on the aged which will eventually improve the living standard of the aged population and thus will contribute to the country 's development .
There should be an increase in the public spending on the aged because of persistent increase in the inflation rate through out the past several years .
The spending on the limited should not be limited or fixed but should be proportional to the increase in the inflation and life expectancy rate .
On the other side the increase in public spending may cause self-dependency , which is that the aged population will than totally rely on the workforce and the governments for their needs and thus would be exploiting the economy rather than contributing in it .
Overall it depends on the country 's situation and the budget that whether they should limit their spending on aged or not .
For a country 's development , it has to overcome with these crucial challenges of aging population , and for this an appropriate strategy would be needed which is to spend more on education , infrastructure which will generate sufficient revenue in near future and thereafter it can spend on the aged .
There should be limited spending on the aged so by that the aged population will work to fulfill their needs which will increase the workforce of the country and so by limited spending the aged will contribute for the country 's development .
Living in the 21st century , consumption by any human being in terms of assets , properties and food have had a steady relation to both the research and development ( R&D ) segment , and current policies , which are necessary for an individual .
R&D and current policies allow people to depend on them ; to aid and benefit one 's lifestyle , especially for the elderly .
Beattie [ 1998 ] states that there are policies already in place , like the pension systems , provident funds , social insurance , saving schemes etc , which people can use to support their old age .
Employees dependent on pensions or provident funds even suggest a change in the benefits that they are obtaining .
Due to the changing economic growth , the policy purchasers yearn for better benefits which are able to sustain till the end of the contract on these policies .
Those in desire need of elderly welfare are assisted by the social welfare personnel .
This is evident in the context of Asia ; many elderly treat these polices like their livelihood .
According to Ghilarducci [ 2009 ] and the Employee Benefits Research Institute , people feel stress with the changing economic growth and anxious as they are signed onto the retirement accounts .
It proves these policies are present for people to purchase and make use of to aid them in their again process .
In Singapore , the Central Provident Fund Board ( CPF Board ) is a saving scheme that covers any working Singaporean with a list of welfare benefits and offers a sense of security for their old age .
Also , the CPF Board reminds Singaporeans to save and stretch every dollar whenever possible so as to be able to have a comfortable retirement life in the future .
From the highlights of Channel NewsAsia [ 2009 ] , there are many countries with a looming demographic .
In the awareness of this demographic , countries like Japan and Singapore have been establishing ways to curb the aging population .
In Japan , the government has set a policy by offering incentives to families with small children so as to increase birth rates and build up a new family .
In Singapore , there is the reemployment legislation in 2012 where employers are advice to retain the elderly as the demand for their skills are needed .
In the mean time , Singaporeans are told to save early with the easy access of financial schemes and saving programs offered .
In addition , the technological invention segment has played apart in easing the aging process .
As Schoeni , Freedman and Martin [ 2008 ] suggests , R&D segment has been expanding rapidly .
With the advance medical technologies , illnesses such as cardiovascular and cataract diseases have lesser occurrence .
Countries like United States and Singapore are insured with Medicare and Medishield respectively .
We are insured despite of the high medical expenses and expenditure towards new inventions in the medical fields .
It gives a well-balance medical segment , an advance health security cycle as we reach our retirement age despite the cost .
Moreover , with the growing number of well-educated people around , there is a high probability that people do purchase private insurance to care for their own well-being .
From Malul [ 2009 ] findings , the elderly are counted as part of the workforce if considered age appropriate and with technology so advanced these days , the elderly in the workface may be faced with hiccups as they are not well skilled in certain aspects of technology .
This is where , training and re-training of employees is crucial .
Economist [ 2006 ] specified that previously the retirement age was 70 in a certain country ; however , it changed to 65 years old .
Majority of these elderly are the baby boomers who yearn to extend their duration in the workforce .
By lowering the retirement age , an organization could seek for cheaper employment in a less developed country but have high turn over rates as the younger generations do not tend to stay long in a certain job unlike the elderly .
Therefore , to have a mixture of young and older workers , a firm could have a cap on the benefits of an older worker so as to retain the elderly and decrease cost , while training the young generation of workers with advance skills that are necessary for an organization to excel since they are more efficient and flexible .
As to reinstate , the policies that each Country provides and the current R&D have assisted and benefited the aging process in today 's society .
With the economy fluctuating , having on-going medical research and technology inventions , and people becoming more educated , there is definitely room for restructuring and improving the policies and R&D segment in the future .
Longevity has always been believed as a blessing , especially in Asia , since old days .
Chinese emperor even sent people , which in turn become the founder of Japan , to search for elixir of life that was believed to make anyone who drinks it live eternally .
Fast aging population has taken the spotlight of a world crisis and many governments are increasing their spending for this group as the aging population keep increasing .
For example , in 2008 , Singapore Government introduced new incentive called LIFE Bonus and provided tax relief for Central Provident Fund ( CPF ) members ( Central Provident Fund Board , 2008 ) .
More portion of national budget may later be allocated to the incentives for the old .
However , the increase of public spending on the elderly may not effective as it can be diverted to other sectors that need it .
With the increase of public spending for the aged , there will be many areas that may be left out if government focused only on the welfare of the aging population and some even more important than realized .
Sectors such as economy need immediate attention with its current situation and education which may need improvement with these fast revolving technologies .
Allocating national budget to other sectors other like education and economy may likely to increase in GDP itself as it will benefit the nation 's economy and industry .
Increase in GDP itself also means that the portion of national budget that will be allocated to public spending for the aged will increase without increasing the percentage itself .
In the end , while this strategy may increase nation 's economy level and education quality , it also may help increase the amount of public spending for the aged .
It is like killing two birds with one stone as in improving two sectors by allocating the funds into just one .
First , even with the rapid increase of aging population , economy urgently needs government attention as global economy is in recession for the past few year , many industries closing up and companies going to a slump .
As a result , Singapore 's GDP fall by 11.5 % due to recession in the first quarter ( Reuters , 2009 ) .
Within this perspective , developed countries that took the most blows from the recession should be better allocate their budget to stabilize their own economy , pull back old investors and attract new ones .
If the plan goes well , it may stabilize or even increase GDP which in turn will provide more funds to the elderly .
Secondly , young generation also plays an important part in the future of a country itself , but many of first-world countries have low birth rate and keep decreasing .
Past studies ( Chan , 2001 ) showed that Singapore 's population growth is very minimum and even had reached 0 % in the 1986 due to the past government policy and high education cost .
Now , the Singapore government is trying to raising the population growth by giving out incentives through Children Development Account ( CDA ) and building cheap and easily accessible child care centre for working parents .
But since the living cost in Singapore has been so high that it is even called as the 10th most expensive city ( Hoe , 2009 ) , government may consider increasing incentives to increase the population of new generation therefore , increasing the total number of work force and reducing the percentage of total aging population .
In the future it may also reduce the number of single elderly that in turn will provide them family that will take care of them .
In this part , education is also important as it shape future leaders for the nation itself .
Increasing education quality also means increasing quality of future 's work force that should boost the nation in every sector .
Education also plays a large role in shaping the students ' character and moral to prevent them from neglecting their elderly parents when they become adults .
Providing a qualified and affordable education should also be in government consideration on allocating budgets .
Another may argue that indirect support for the elderly is not sufficient in this time when aging population in Singapore is predicted to increase from 235,000 in 1999 to 796,000 in 2030 ( Chan , 2001 ) .
However , it is not absolutely true as there is CPF policy that government create to make the elderly support themselves .
The concept is that when they are still in working age , some of their income will be put into savings .
The institution which they work at will also provide a percentage of funds to the savings .
Experts agree that CPF is effective in providing aging population support for their old age as CPF also has been strategically segmented for health insurance and retirement funds that one study even remarked CPF as changing the concept of social security from providing savings for retirement to providing savings for life ( Choon and Low , 1996 ) .
Welfare cost for the aged will increase indefinitely as the aging population keep increasing , so without limiting the public spending for the aged , it may eventually take much larger portion of the national budget .
There are also other areas that urgently need government attention as well and some of these can help increase government 's fund which in turn will also increase public spending .
Many things can be done to alleviate the problem without increasing the portion for the aged like the CPF policy , but the government still need to think the next step as the aging population problem still growing and growing at the moment .
D. Harman ( 1981 ) defines aging process as the progressive changes in terms of social , psychology and physical over time that is linked with the increasing vulnerability to death or disease , which accompanies the advanced age .
Today , most of the Asian countries like Japan and Singapore are experiencing population aging , defined as an increase in number of oldsters , in the society ( Wikipedia ) .
This essay refers oldsters as people who are 55 years old and above .
The aging population has many problems such as over-dependency on the young generation as well as the increase in the national budget on health care .
Besides that , Teo et al ( 2004 ) suggested that another problem is the gerontological issue such as the responses from society towards them .
These problems are significantly critical that attract the attention of government and policy makers .
Therefore , the current development , research and policies implemented are meant to ease the aging process and they are highly effective .
By increasing the age , the oldsters who are below the retirement age of 62 , are able to enjoy the protection under the retirement age act .
As stated by the act " employee who is unfairly dismissed can sue the employer under the common law and write to Ministry of Manpower ( MOM ) within a month to reinstate his job .
" ( EnterpriseOne , 2006 ) Most importantly , the oldsters are able to earn their own monthly living expenses , which reduce the burden on their children .
In addition , this increment of age encourages the oldsters to be more active and to contribute to the society .
Some oldsters are rather very experienced and some of them are actually experts .
Thus , they contribute to the society by staying at their work place to teach the young generations their skills .
In contrary , the jobs offered to the oldsters are very limited and they are not able to take up any jobs due to their low educational level and inferiority of their abilities .
Due to the government policy of bringing in foreign talents , the working spaces for oldsters are limited as the foreigners occupy most of them .
Singapore government made contribution of salary to the Central Provident Fund ( CPF ) as a regulation or compelled by law , helped in easing the aging process .
The contribution rate from employee and employer reduces as the age of employee increases while the crediting to Medisave account increases .
( CPF , 1955 ) Increasing in the rates due that oldsters are more prone to illnesses .
This scheme allows the oldsters to be more independent as they have their own savings , particularly savings for their medical bills , which helps in reducing the national budget on healthcare .
Not only helping the oldsters , it also encourages youngsters to plan financially for their old age which eases the aging process very effectively .
However , it is only effective when the individual starts working since young .
Workfare scheme is also been implemented recently to cater to the aging process , especially for elderly who are less educated that results in low-income level .
It is also known as Workfare Income Suppplement Scheme .
( CPF , 1955 ) This scheme is specially implement for middle and old age people .
In addition , it promotes active oldsters lifestyle by involving them in the workforce .
This scheme might solved the gerontological issue ; If the oldsters are working , the youngsters would not view them as useless people as they are contributing to the society as well as economically to the country .
Not only do the encouraging , but also plan financially for their old age such as retirement and medical ( CPF , 1955 ) On the other hand , this scheme is not a great factor in easing the aging process due that the net payout ( cash ) is low .
Since it is a complement to CPF contribution scheme , there is an obligation to contribute about 71 percent of the total workfare payout to CPF .
( CPF , 1955 ) Particularly , this scheme is only applicable to those who have worked for 3 months and above .
Additionally , the payout is only carried out once in about 6 months .
Hence , the net payout is relatively helpless due to high living expenses in Singapore .
In conclusion , Singapore government has implement policies and development that are relatively effective in easing the aging process .
However , there are still some areas that required their attention such as the 2 sub-groups , namely older single women , elderly who never save during his young days .
As in terms of all the policies and development mentioned above , especially about the workfare scheme , the government should increase the net payout amount ( cash ) and reduce the percentage contributing to the CPF .
As for the increasing retirement age , the government should encourage more voluntarily organizations by giving them financial supports to set up oldsters ' welfare and workfare to help them look for suitable jobs in accordance to their abilities and capabilities .
For the CPF contribution , the government might set up a regulation that individuals reach a certain age should start working and contribute to their CPF , which might comes handy in future .
In many developed countries , aging population is rising and Singapore is no exception .
The first batch of baby boomers ( babies who are borne between 1947 and 1964 ) will reach the age of 65 in the year 2012 [ Committee of Aging , 2006 ] .
By 2030 , the number of elderly will reach 18.7 % which means for every 5 residents , there will be a senior among them [ Singapore Department of Statistics , 2005 ] .
Thus by increasing the retirement age , people are able to work longer and in returns , they are able to accumulate more wealth which will enable to be better financially independent .
Not only that , the elderly people acquire the essential skills , knowledge and experience in their respective work fields so if they continue working , they will be able to impart their skills to the new working generation and share their valuable experience with them so that they will not follow the mistake that the senior have made during their working lives .
This is not true as now countries like Japan and US are encouraging elderly entrepreneurs that will eventually create more jobs for them .
The aging of Singapore population was also due to the fertility decline in the beginning of 1970s whereby the government had come out with policies to discourage people from having more children .
This campaign proved to be so successful that resulted a 0 % growth in population by 1986 .
However , the government soon realized that the Singapore population was not reproducing itself so it reversed its population planning policy by introducing the " Baby Scheme " to encourage more birth rate .
Under the " Baby Scheme " , couple will be given a cash gift for their 1st child up to their 4th child .
For those 2nd till 4th child who are borne after 17 August 2008 , a Child Development Account ( CDA ) will be opened for the family to enjoy the government contributions as a form of a dollar-for dollar matching with the amount the parents save for the children up to the age of 6 years old .
This serves as a benefit for couples to lessen their financial cost for raising children .
As financial cost of raising children is one of the important factor for couple to decide whether they want to have children or not , and by lighten it will thus increase birth rate .
If the fertility rate continues to drop , there will be not enough young people to replace the older generation .
This will lead to the shrinking of workforce which will affect the economic growth of Singapore .
In the recent years , Singapore health care institutions have been improving on their existing methods and introducing innovative applications into the healthcare system .
There are technologies whereby they can enable the elderly to look younger .
This will enhance the self esteem of them thus they will be able to participate more actively in social activities and they will not feel left out .
In addition , a better health care system will allow the people to stay healthier and prevent some major illness from happening like stroke and heart attack .
The elderly need not worry too much about their health but what they have to do as a personal responsibility is to go for regular check-up and have a healthy diet .
It has to be tackled through a holistic approach which needs the involvement of the Government , community agencies and private sectors .
Many policies have been implemented and research and development have been improved in the last several years but more remains are to be done .
With all the efforts put in through the public , government and the people , Singapore will continue to strive and achieve a " Successful Aging Nation " .
" ( Buck , 1999 ) In Singapore , the focus on ageing issues is not new .
Since the 1980s , the Government took an active role in caring for its helpless members .
( Ministry of Communication Development , Youth and Sports [ MYCS ] , 2001 ) Policies were introduced , implemented , refined , retuned , relooked , re-discussed and re-implemented with the goal of minimizing the impact of the problems associated with an ageing population .
This essay argues that by and large , recent government research and intervention have not been a useful tool in alleviating the problems affiliated with the old age in Singapore .
First , the current government policies are not easing the ageing process because they are limited to a specified group of the aged population .
The current policies in placed are definitely planned to benefit a large portion of the target group .
However , it must be recognized that these polices have its limitations and have left out a significant portion of the aged in the lurch .
Taking the Central Provident Fund Scheme ( CPF ) for example , this scheme is only applicable and beneficial to the sector of people who had , or are having employment .
( Ministry of Manpower [ MOM ] , 2007 ) The CPF scheme is broken down into three portions , namely ordinary account , special account and Medisave account .
( MOM , 2007 ) Thus , people who did not have employment will not have any monies that are meant for their retirement and healthcare .
Also , the Parents Maintenance Act is only relevant to the elders who have children .
( Attorney-General 's Chamber of Singapore [ ACG ] , 1996 ) As a result , those without children will then fall outside this umbrella of asylum .
For example , the Government could top-up the Medisave accounts of the less fortunate elder Singaporeans when there are budgetary surpluses to ensure that seniors have the capacity to afford healthcare services .
( MYCS , 2001 )
In addition to being limited , the current government policies are ineffective in soothing the ageing process .
For example , the Government has increased the retirement age to 63 years old .
( MOM , 2007 ) This move is ineffective because it does not ensure that the elders will work till they expire the retirement age .
Also , some elders are unable to maximize their work years due to medical problems or simply due to choice .
In Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong 's speech on the 8th of January 2009 , he cited that only six out of ten men are still working by the age of 62 .
( Prime Minister 's Office [ PMO ] , 2009 ) Thus , the policy has a minimal effect and does not address the root problem .
In addition , the Government 's plan to ensure that all public spaces in housing estates such as parks and sporting venues have facilities that cater to the whole family including seniors ( MYCS , 2001 ) is not practical because it has not considered the fact that the average elder in Singapore is either not interested in sports or are unable to play sports due to chronic ailments .
( Suriah , Chong , Yeoh , 2008 ) Nevertheless , opponents might argue that are effective as long as they can reach out and educate the elders on the available policies .
However , 67 % of the elderly in Singapore is illiterate and is only proficient in non-mandarin dialects .
Hence , the Government must first attempt to inform the elders in Singapore about the available avenues and encourage them to reap the benefits of the current policies to maximize the effectiveness of its policies .
The Government has not developed sufficient programmes to cater to the psychological needs of the aged .
In recent efforts , the Government pumped in $ 88 million to build a mentally resilient society which results that can only be realized in five years .
( Ministry of Health [ MOH ] , 2007 ) To compare , the average American considers the notion of " old " to be effective only when they reach the age of 65 year old .
However , in Singapore , the word " old " is tossed around freely within conversations of people aged above 60 , also termed as the senior citizens of Singapore .
The reason why Americans classify " oldness " to be above 65 years old is due to the fact that they strongly believe that they still can contribute to society after retirement and thus they continue to embark on meaningful roles .
On the other side of the coin , opponents will argue that the Government can not be responsible for every aspect of the issue .
Hence , the Singapore Government should invest more in programmes to cater to the mental aspect of the elderly so that the elders can proceed to commit themselves to important and useful roles in society after retirement .
Since the problems that tag along with an ageing population is imminent , much more should be done by the Singapore Government to wrestle with the toughness associated with the ageing process .
If more effective policies are formulated and implemented , in will indirectly lower the burden imposed on the young population and society as a whole .
In 2009 , the median age of Singaporeans is 36 years .
The predicament of an aging population plagues not only Singapore , but also different countries , ranging from the richer and developed nations , such as Japan and Italy , to the relatively poorer and developing nations like China ( China 's predicament , 2009 ) , especially as a result of the one-child policy .
They were the ones who had toiled in the sun to build infrastructure during Singapore 's early developing days .
They are older single women who are uneducated and had been unable to save , whom the government should especially provide help for .
Moreover , inadequate policies will lead to political and social instabilities for moral and ethical issues so , by not setting a limit on public spending on the aged , it indirectly helps to sustain and even improve on the social cohesiveness and development in this aspect .
Otherwise , like Friedland & Summer ( 2005 ) mentioned , cutting back on public spending on welfare programmes have an impact on local families and communities .
( United Nations Population Funds , 2008 ) .
In evaluating the policies to undertake , it is necessary to consider the net impact of using public funds to deal with aging population , as well as the consequences if the issues relating to aging population are not adequately dealt with .
Nowadays aging of population has become a global problem , especially in developed country .
To ease the aging process , many countries ' public spending rises steadily as a share of GDP , leaving these countries a great financial burden ( Joumard , 2004 ) .
In this case , only focusing on public spending seems not to be the best way to solve the aging problem .
Instead , government should limit the public spending on the aged so that more money can be invested to other areas of the country 's development .
For those countries with aging process , the biggest problem they have to face is the number of labors who can work and create values keeps on shrinking ( A Touch of Gray , 2002 ) .
Consequently , government may not be able to provide enough pension and health care to help improve the old citizens ' life as a result of lack of finance .
Now OECD encourage United Kingdom to simplify the pension system and they argue that nowadays the pension system in UK may have negative effect on incentives for people to work and save ( OECD Supports Pension Reform in UK ) .
This problem not only happens in UK since people tend to lose motivation in working or saving once they have enough pension to spend .
For example , it is reported that many older workers in US withdraw from the labor market before they reach the State pension age ( OECD Supports Pension Reform in UK ) .
Moreover , too much pension may even lead to pension abuse which will make the public spending ineffective .
Despite of the above two reasons , some people still argue that public should help the elderly as much as possible since they have once contributed to the society .
But the problem is limiting on the public spending does not mean cutting off the spending .
Under such circumstance , government should make a more effective spending scheme to solve the aging problem rather than without any plan or restriction .
To sum up , it is necessary for government to limit the spending on the elderly so that the economy of the country can be developed more quickly and the effectiveness of the public pensions can be increased .
Limitation does not equal to cutting off but will lead to further development and better solution of the aging problem .
The whole world is facing the aging population problem that is the result of rising in life expectancy together with declining in fertility .
Every countries has their own strategies to deal with the problem but none of them has a radical solution .
Public spending on the aged should be limit and the government should use the money to invest in the young and other areas of the countries ' development .
Because there are many fields that need money such as education , infrastructure and in the long run the young generation should support the aged instead of the government .
Moreover , the elderly usually demand high salary in exchange for their experience but they can not work as hard as when they was young , whereas the young lack experience and find difficulty in seeking jobs .
The aged have to work and saving for their lives instead of waiting for the government , this will utilize their contribution .
Most elderly faced mental problem when they retire , because they receive money from their saving plan or government and simply do not know what to do , they tend to use up all the money after several years .
Another problem is that most elderly in developed countries live alone ; they do not want to ask for money from the children , which mean that they will not receive sufficient financial and mental support from their children .
Government should stress the important role of filial obligation because it not only reduces the burden of elder dependency but also give the elderly indirectly benefit through investing in their children .
Moreover , this will create cycles , parents support their children and vice versa , which is better than giving out money to help the aged and at the same time giving out money to develop the young .
With advanced education , we can develop new technologies for higher productivity and lower cost , which help the young generation fill the gap of low workforce caused by aging population and take up the burden of caring for the aged .
The government should also invest in the infrastructures , which have the long-term effect on the development of the economics ; but we should use money wisely and not bump blindly into new project .
Young generation is the key point to stop the aging process .
Some countries such as Germany , Netherland , etc have successfully given a rise to birth rate ; they offer financial aid and tuition grant for every children , so parents relieve the burden of raising children .
Admitting immigrants is also a strategy that many countries such as Singapore are applying to attract talented people ; which cost far less in comparison to training high quality worker .
There are many areas in the economics that need capital other than the aged .
Public spending on the aged should be limited , which may suffer the aged but we can not spend all out money on the elderly , especially when it will not bring the long-term benefit .
There are many areas in the economics that need capital other than the aged such as education , infrastructure and so on .
This poses a number of serious challenges that range from the social security of the elderly to increasing needs for health care , changing consumer behavior , and possibly changes inproductivity , " says Wolfgang Lutz , leader of the World Population Program of the International Institute for Applied Systems Analysis ( IIASA ) .
" ( M. Allen , 2006 ) In this modern world where decisions are made based on most available technology and rational choices , the negative impact of aging process has been eased and negated .
( 2009 ) said in a rally , " We see medical science advancing ; we see new technologies , new drugs , new procedures .
Large proportions of the elderly are unemployed and they may not be able to cope up with the rising medical costs .
Hence , having so many new drugs and medicine that could be confusing to them or that these drugs have not been properly tested out yet , could result in health issues for the elderly .
In a research done by the Imperial College London ( BBC,2008 ) , " The results showed that within a year of treatment , there was a 21 % reduction in death rates and a 64 % drop in heart failure , 39 % drop in stroke deaths and 34 % reduction in cardiovascular events .
" A lead researcher C. Bulpitt ( BBC , 2008 ) said , " Our results clearly show that many patients aged 80 and over could benefit greatly from treatment .
Hence policies that they affect can bring about a lot of good or a lot of problems .
In the case of aging population , there are many policies up to date , such as pension system in the USA , CPF schemes in Singapore , various employment schemes , medical schemes and more .
In the USA , lawmakers led by Senator { Max Baucus } [ HYPERLINK : http : //search.bloomberg.com/search ? q = Max + Baucus&site = wnews&client = wnews&proxystylesheet = wnews&output = xml_no_dtd&ie = UTF-8&oe = UTF-8&filter = p&getfields = wnnis&sort = date : D : S : d1 ] are talking about slapping a $ 495 tax on some of those covered by the medical plan to help pay for extending coverage to some of the 46 million Americans who lack it. ( R.J .
It is often heard that some elderly abuses the pension by gambling or turn to other vices since the money is free .
As stated in an essay in honor of J.C. Weldon , " the total utility may not be maximized because the old 'spend larger and larger sums on smaller and smaller enjoyments ' or impose 'posthumous restraint on bequeathed wealth which will make it less useful to the living ' " .
( A. Asimakopulos , R. D. Cairns , C. Green , J. C. Weldon , 1990 ) .
( 2009 ) says , " Our social security system is based primarily on individual savings and self-reliance .
The elderly would hence feel more in touched with society and likewise , the younger generation would not look upon the elderly as a burden .
Such various government polices provides the aged with economic solutions , social solutions , healthcare solutions to the problems that they may face and hence easing the growing problems faced by an aging population .
" ( RADM ( NS ) Lui T. Y , 2009 ) .Children are encouraged to take care of their parents when they are old through various publicity and schemes , such as the case in Singapore , whereby people are given housing grants for choosing to stay near their parents and also providing tax relief for individuals taking care of their parents .
In conclusion , through the various available health polices , government policies , social policies and technological advancements , the elderly now is able to lead a better more comfortable and more fulfilling life .
Ageing process in humans refers to a multidimensional process of physical , psychological , and social change .
( Wikipedia , 2009 ) .
In the years to come , more and more countries will be facing problems aroused from aging process .
Hence solutions are very important and this passage will evaluate on the current measures imposed on aging process by various countries .
Steen Langebaek , president of AGE , an organization which aims to promote the interest of older people across Europe , believes that older people should be encouraged to study and work beyond retirement , whether through part-time work or on a voluntary basis .
( S. Toyne , 2002 ) .
It means elderly are welcome to continue serving in the workforce provided they are willing themselves .
In Europe countries , work organization and social security arrangement are flexible in providing options for combined work with retirement .
Therefore , this measure had been very successful , especially in Netherlands with 49 % of elderly either working full or part time .
( G. Schmid , 2008 ) .
Also , Silver job fairs , established to find jobs for people 60 and older , have mushroomed across South Korea in the past year as part of a government effort to assist a rapidly growing population of older Koreans adrift in a changing society .
( S. H. Lee , 2009 ) .
From the above examples in different continents , it is inevitable to conclude that elderly employment is one of the policies that have been well adopted by various governments .
Japan had started to develop robots meant for elderly .
" With Japan 's aging population , we need robots that can alleviate the burden of human tasks , " says Toshihiko Morita , director of Fujitsu 's Autonomous System Laboratory .
( D. Behreandt , 2006 ) .
Currently , the drug that helps to reduce aging is being tested and will be releasing into the market soon .
" It may be the ultimate free lunch how to reap all the advantages of a calorically restricted diet , including freedom from disease and an extended healthy life span , without eating one fewer calorie .
" ( N. Wade , 2009 ) .
This useful drug will ultimately increase life span , hence increasing the productive of the workforce as people could retire at an older age because of this drug .
Singapore has implemented the retirement pension scheme Central Provident Fund that allow elderly to fund for their retirement right from the start of their working life .
This policy has been effective as the compulsory contribution to the fund will be allocated to both medical account and general account , which does not only ensure financial but also healthcare stability .
Government could also save the budget on state pension at the same time .
In addition , the Housing Development Board of Singapore introduced studio apartments that were catered for the elderly .
The forty square meter apartments include facilities like lifts on every floor , hand railings and alarm systems that were specially designed for elderly .
Government has also promised to build more studio apartments in the upcoming projects .
( Tan H.Y. , 2006 ) .
Overall , the governments have done well in helped to ease aging process in a large extent with the above policies .
In conclusion , countries have used various means in ensure a better aging process for the elderly .
This will be further improved as the country is developing on other aspects like technology , education and economy .
Large portion of the public health expenditure actually goes to the aged .
Furthermore , the negative impacts of these policies will be more significant in China as its economic base is not so strong compare to developed countries such as the U.S and Japan .
Those who oppose cutting government expenditure on elderly argued that limited spending will cause social instability as many families with low income will suffer when the elderly generation needs medical support .
For instance , Japan 's economy situation shows us the consequences of abusing of government budget on public health spending .
Japan is well known by its ageing problems with 22.1 % of the populations above 65 ( Minister of Internal Affairs and Communications of Japan , 2008 ) .
Therefore , for China , being a country which is much less developed than Japan , to limit the spending on the aged will be a more wise decision .
The negative impacts will be even worse in China due to its one-child policy since 1970s .
If the government raises tax to finance the expenses on aged , the younger generation would even face difficulties making a living .
Some sociologists argued that if the expenditure on public health is to be limited , the younger generation has to pay more .
While it may sound true , someone in the society have to sacrifice in order to solve the current ageing problem .
Last but not least , China 's public spending should be limited because there are other sectors of the China 's economy which need the money more imperatively .
China is still a developing country today and more of the government budget should go to the sectors which are able to generate more wealth .
In 2008 , the total expenditure for public wealth in China is RMB 984 billion , which is about 3.3 % of the total GDP ( Ministry of Finance of China , 2008 ) .
A portion of the money should be diverted into the sectors which are more important in the long run such as education and R&D .
According to the National Bureau of Statistics , the expenditure of the government on education last year was RMB 901 billion and on R&D was even lower , RMB 213 billion ( Ministry of Finance of China , 2008 ) .
China has to be fully industrialized first before spend its money on the old .
Previously , the aging have been a tough process having to deal with the many problems faced .
By doing so , it can partially relief the society of the increasing financial burden of an aging population .
Hence , skills upgrade and training program like those offered by Workforce Development Agency should reach out to more elderly and make it easier for them to upgrade themselves to reduce their barriers to entry into the workforce .
With the elderly returning to the workforce they will be able to accumulate more wealth and save more so that they will be able to be self sufficient when they are older .
Therefore , it is essential to provide skills upgrades for the elderly and by doing so it will reduce their barriers to entry so that they can continue to work and reduce the impact of aging on the economy .
The government are aware of the challenges faced by the aging population due to inadequate facilities and living conditions and have influenced the change in the environment so as to make life easier for the elderly .
For example , there are customized to contain various elderly friendly features such as the alarm system that automatically request for help through a pull of a lever in case of emergency .
Besides , feature such as the building of lift leading to every storey and the residence corners for the elderly to interact are also implemented .
The improving medical care and subsidies are helping the aging population cope with health problems which are inherent in growing old .
With this subsidy , the more elderly will be able to afford the medical care as compared to before .
Furthermore , with the constantly improving technology in medical field , many medical procedures have been simplified from surgery that requires hospitalisation to an outpatient procedure .
Now , the surgery can sometimes be done in less than 30 minutes on an outpatient basis .
The elderly have to be convinced to adopting of a healthy and balanced lifestyle .
With the measures such as better economic situation for the elderly by encouraging later retirement , improving the housing and transport conditions and better health care for the elderly have tremendously change the way aging takes place .
While it is inevitable to avoid the aging process , with such measures in place , it will make the growing old much easier than before .
With the overly successful " Stop at Two " campaign to curb the overpopulation in 1960s , Singapore has since faced an ageing population as birth rate dipped tremendously .
In 2008 , Singapore is reportedly one of the Asian economies to be worst hit by an ageing population ( UBS , 2008 ) .
Our long-term economic growth is estimated to cut by 3 percent , while support for the elderly could cost the country more than 7 percent of our gross domestic product ( GDP ) .
With such bleak outlook of our economy , our nation should be spending more wisely .
By making the responsibility of taking care of the elders to everyone in the society , public spending on the elders could and should then be limited .
With high average inflation rate of 5.83 % globally ( Goldman Sachs , 2008 ) , it is very difficult for grown children to support both their family and parents .
Also , especially in Asian societies , such as Singapore , older people are traditionally supported by their own families .
Parents above sixty , who could not support themselves , can approach the tribunal for an order to claim maintenance from their children , delegating responsibility to the children .
As the nation prospers , these homes will appreciate in value , and Singaporeans may draw on this nest egg when they are old .
With such policies , the aged are ensured that they would have enough assets to remain self reliant and not depend on the government .
Hence , the government is then able to divert spending to the national growth .
Employers could also offer other kinds of employment , not necessarily to be the same job or pay as of their previous employment .
As the population gets older , retired elderly will require healthcare reimbursement , building of elderly friendly infrastructure and domestic helpers .
As a result , this will become very costly to the working generations , and also it will be a hindrance to the economic growth .
Many elderly has deteriorated health with common illnesses like diabetes , eye cataracts , bone and joint problems , and heart problems .
There is also a need to build elderly friendly environment like railings , lifts that goes to every floor of the buildings , and slopes .
The elderly should be educated about the aging population , because the economy may be severely implicated if they are no longer able to support themselves financially .
Being financially responsible , the elderly should save up as much money as possible while they were young so that they can pay for their daily expenses .
As large working population retires , this will mean that there are less people to work and provide for the retired elderly .
Also , when foreign investors relocate their investments , jobs will also be relocated to other geographic places , this result in fewer jobs for the population .
Other than the global warming phenomenon , the current aging population is also the main concern that the world is facing without definite resolution .
This aging phenomenon is most evident at the developed countries like Japan , Germany and Singapore where fertility rates are not increasing enough .
The growing number of elderly population around the world has certainly created huge impacts which in turn caused changes to the structure of current society .
Faced with this situation , governments and policy makers around the world have been providing solutions such as the introduction of economic policies , social policies , and architectural designs which benefit both elderly and the society .
One of the main solutions offered would be the economic policy that eases the financial situation of the elderly .
One of the evident examples would be the health care subsidy which has been carried out by many developed countries such as Singapore , Japan , and the U.S. Others may object that too much are being spent on the elderly and this will hinder the growth of the country which is fundamentally more essential .
However , this argument may not be valid because elderly is considered as an integral part of a country that can not be totally excluded .
With the right economic plan and policies , elderly can effectively contribute back to the growth of the country .
As mentioned by Singapore prime minster Lee ( The Journal , 2009 ) , " aging should be redefined as an opportunity rather than burden to the society " .
Furthermore , other than contributing to the country , the elderly parents are also an important part of the family as they possess invaluable knowledge and experience which can guide the younger generation .
As aging population in some aspect has been linked with the negative social impact , thus a social policy plays an important part to reduce the effect which will otherwise cause social disintegration of a country .
One important example would be the issue on Parents Maintenance Act of Singapore , which governs specifically the social relationship between parents and children .
However , the current economic situation and the decreasing fertility rate have left the young adults , who have no siblings to share costs , with no choice but to give up on their parents .
Furthermore , we should also consider the fact that society is changing over time and so does the social and cultural value of our tradition .
Thus , the social policy plays an important part to maintain this relationship and also to reiterate the importance of filial piety into the mind of the young adults .
This dependency may hinder the activity of the people around them which may otherwise be productive in other way .
With this in mind , countries start to provide elder friendly architectural design to assist elderly in their daily activities as the aging population increases from time to time .
For instance , in Singapore , more housing and transportation modes are designed to provide elderly friendly design such as : rubber flooring , alarm system and supporting hand rails .
With the implementation of the elderly friendly design , elderly will be able demonstrate some level of independence .
In conclusion , aging population problems are likely to continue or even worsen over the coming years .
Including economic , social and architectural aspects , there are many other implementations that can be done to ease the aging issues .
With the success of the implementations , I believe the world can shift the paradigm of the aging phenomenon to a sustainable positive impact .
In Singapore , the government and society have come out with various policies and strategies to assist the aging population .
For example , there are some organizations that help the elderly in their daily necessities ; the government plan in making a more elderly friendly environment and the Active Aging Festival .
One might object here that the government and society have not really done much for them .
For instance , there are still elderly who are living alone with no children caring for them .
This group of elderly usually lives in small apartment with little contact to the outside world and they fall sick easily .
It is also quite inconvenience for them to move about , thus they prefer to stay at home and watch television , rest and not doing anything much .
They just watch as life passes by .
Many view that the government is negating the older generation .
We can see that some buses are now made with platform accessible for people who are on wheelchair ; Mass Rapid Transit ( MRT ) stations with lifts and fare gates which allow them to travel just like many other commuters ; Older HDB flats being upgraded to lifts that stops at each level and car parking area now comes with wheelchair bounded slots .
These are just examples of the many strategies that the government has come out with to ease the aging process in Singapore .
Two years ago , the Active Aging Festival that was launched to encourage senior citizen to be more active in their life .
Instead of living in the past , they are encouraged to pursuit their dream and work towards their future .
The festival is initiated by Council for Third Age ( C3A ) .
Its focus is on the six dimensions of wellness which an elderly will most likely to be lack in .
It turns out to be a fun and exciting for the elderly .
Having this festival , the government allows the elderly to enjoy their aging life together with their family members .
Aging population is one of the issues that Singapore is facing today .
The Singapore Department of Statistics ( Singstat ) mentioned in its Population Trend 2008 report that senior citizens aged 65 years and above make up of 8.5 % of the population and it will continue to rise .
Having an aging population meant that there will be lesser people in the workforce and this will have an impact on the country 's economy size .
And if public spending on the aged is not limited despite the decrease in the size of the workforce , the country 's economy will be negatively affected .
Secondly , the public money comes from taxing the workforce .
If public spending is not limited , this meant that the workforce may be further taxed to provide sufficient funds for the aged .
Not only that this would pressurize the workforce , it would also cause them to spend less as they have lesser discretionary income .
Thus , it is necessary to limit public spending on the aged due to the negative consequences that would arise from doing the otherwise .
One may argue that the high cost of living calls the need for public spending on the aged .
The money in the Medisave account was formed by a percentage of their income and could be for hospitalization expenses .
Aging population should not be the only issue that is given most attention to as there are other areas of the country 's development that would require the public money .
Singstat mentioned that despite the slight increase in fertility rate , the fertility rate is still considered low .
Thus , public spending on the aged should be limited as there are other areas of the development that would require the national budget .
This is because of the consequences related to doing the otherwise such as pressurizing the national budget as well as the workforce itself .
In addition , the government had already done his part in preparing its citizens for old through the CPF Life and Medisave Account .
The aging process means as time passes , the people will undergo a process of physical , psychological and social change .
In order to help the society and people to cope with the changes , current research and development such as new technological inventions and employment schemes are being put in place .
This is a concern for an aging population as there could be danger in crossing the roads when the traffic light has turned red .
It may be objected that if an elderly took too much time crossing the road , it may cause traffic congestion at the road conjunctions .
Thus , the system is put in place for elderly to cross safely on a reasonable amount of time .
This explains that the problems which will occur from an aging population have been well-thought and measures have been taken .
Secondly , in the present , mobile phones are used commonly and most of the people around the world have at least one mobile phone .
With the large demand for mobile phones , phone companies have to compete with each other by inventing fanciful mobile phones with many functions such as Internet , games , music player and more .
However , with the shift to an aging population , the purpose of possessing a mobile phone changes back to the original functions which are to keep in contact and for emergency .
Furthermore , as people gets older , the vision will become poorer and responsiveness might be slower than before .
Thus , phone companies take this opportunity to penetrate the market with elderly-friendly phones .
For example , Japan 's phone companies have actually offer phone models which have bigger screens and larger font sizes , enhanced audibility and easier- to-operate keys to attract the elderly .
In contrast , the Japan phone companies which offer the elderly-friendly phones also offer a free one hour session on how to use the phone .
Therefore , this shows that the phone companies are attentive to issues regarding the aging population and have done action to help ease the aging process .
However , it is not true as the government has implemented several schemes to help in the elderly employment .
Being one of the fastest aging populations in the Asia region , Singapore faces many challenges in trying to overcome this aging problem .
Ever since the last 30 years , the young population in Singapore has shrunk tremendously .
Accounting for less than 4 % of the total population back in the 1960s , elderly aged 65 and above today constitute 7.3 % of the total population based on the Singapore Census of Population 2000 .
This projected a significant growth in the aging population through these years .
To accommodate to this current changing age structure , on-going development of government policies , covering areas like economics , social and architecture , have been carried out aggressively through these years .
Even though government had implemented so much policy to help ease the aging process , some people still viewed this as 'not sufficient enough' .
Although some of the government 's policies are initiated with the goal of encouraging the young to look after their aged parents , it did not seem to work out as planned .
Due to the changing beliefs and values of the younger generation in the 21th century , many of them hope to achieve freedom in their financial status , personal life and other aspects of their life and thus deemed that staying with their aged parents will cause burden to them .
Government should try educating this younger generation on the correct mindset before exploiting the full potential of these implemented policies .
One of the main causes of growing aging population is the low fertility rate in Singapore .
Due to that , Singapore is facing a serious declining fertility rate that resulted in huge difference between the aged and the young .
Through these implemented policies , it will help facilitate the growth of the fertility rate , while at the same time solve the issue of aging process .
To further tackle the rising trend , government also implemented different housing schemes so as to better allow the families to look after their aged parents rather than putting them in old folks ' homes or leaving them to look after themselves .
Supporting services and subsidies are provided to families with aged dependents so as to assist them and at the same time , help the aged to remain physically and socially active .
Catering to the upward trend of the aging population , initiated programs such as free health check for the elderly are implemented to encourage these elderly to constantly conduct full body checkup to ensure that they are in good health condition and also advise them on the dos and don'ts in their everyday life so as to maintain a healthy lifestyle .
Besides that , incentives are also catered for the elderly to further motivate them in conducting health checks .
Indeed , many research and development besides policies have been implemented in order to aid in easing the aging process especially from the aspect of medicine , economics and technological inventions .
Disease like Parkinson disease which is known as an incurable disease is now largely controllable due to research have been done to discover the cause of this disorder .
Of all the neurodegenerative disorders , Parkinson 's disease is second to Alzheimer 's disease in number of cases , with more than 1.3 million patients suffering from it in major countries .
The Parkinson 's disease usually develops after the age of 65 .
Currently , research and development portfolio of neurology projects of Solvay Pharmaceuticals Asia is progressing well on working with newly invented therapy of SLV308 and SLV318 to improve symptomatic treatment of Parkinson 's disease .
If the medications are successfully improved , Parkinson 's disease will be highly in control .
Research are also done on other elderly illnesses to find out the most efficient medications .
Compared to before , the research and newly invented medicine have helped to ease certain aging process to certain extent .
However , every one of us will get old and we should think twice before giving such an offensive comments .
The scheme , introduced last year , is a key piece in a comprehensive plan to tackle the problem of an aging population , with people 's retirement savings not keeping pace with longer life spans .
By this , the member will not need to worry about the retirement life later .
The dependency of the elderly on the young can be reduced and government 's spending on the elderly can also be minimized in long-run .
Technological inventions should also be taking into account as they are also essential in easing the aging process .
Another device invented uses radio frequency identification technology to track which medications have been take and when .
Besides , a team of researchers from UGR has created a system with Artificial Intelligence techniques which notifies elderly people or people with special needs of the forgetting of the certain everyday tasks .
Moreover , the inventions of wheelchair controlled by a magnet on the tongue also enable some elderly who are unable to move freely move easily to wherever and whenever they want .
These inventions have indeed help a lot in easing the aging process .
In a nutshell , it is undeniable that in this globalization era , research , development and policies have been doing their parts in easing the aging process .
With these inventions , people nowadays are leading comfortable lifestyle and aging process are no longer tough for both the elderly and the young ones .
Globally , there is a rising concern on the rapidly aging of population , especially in the developed countries , for example , the U.S. Census Bureau projects the number of elderly Americans will nearly double to 71 million by 2030 .
Many countries are starting to pump in money into research and introducing policies to ease the aging process as it will lead to problems like widening of tax base and healthcare shortage .
While current research and policies have helped to ease the aging process , there are limitations to these policies that make these policies not as effective as a result .
The policies that the government introduced and the current research have indeed helped to buffer the aging process .
This policy is effective in the sense that it not only increases the size of the working population so that the government will not have to increase the tax base , but also helps the elderly to save up more money for their future need after they retire .
In view of an aging population , the government knew that healthcare is one major sector that they can not neglect .
As people are having longer life expectancy now and the aging population is going to make up a quarter of the population by year 2030 in country like Singapore , more people will be demanding for better healthcare as they grow older .
This is because as people grow older , most are bound to suffer from age-related diseases such as Alzheimer 's and Parkinson 's disease .
Thus , the government is investing large amount of money into medical research on age-related diseases and bringing in new medical technology .
These research and technology will be used in finding new cures for certain disease , developing of new treatment and increasing the success rate of surgery .
The research and technologies brought in are very expensive which makes it available only for the people who can afford it and the poor , who can barely make their ends meet , will not be the beneficiaries .
In addition , in the case of Singapore , the people can fully utilise their Medisave funds , which they have saved up from their working lives , to pay for their medical bills .
However , these are really not enough to cover the high medical bills for most people , especially those who suffered from illness that require long- term treatment .
For the low income earners , they may have depleted their Medisave funds after one surgery , and for the subsequent treatment , they will have to either fork out their own savings or , for the most of the time , they will refuse to seek treatment , which thus aggravate their illness .
So , more efforts from the government is needed in this area such that affordable healthcare will be accessible to everyone who needs it .
Aging population is a problem that no country can escape , so what we can do is to reduce this aging process with the help of the research and policies .
However , there are limitations in the policies , thus the government can look into alternative methods so that the people will truly benefit from these research and policies .
In the recent years , the changing demographic of Singapore has cause the government and policymakers to channel more resources and revise public policies for the elderly .
If the government still does not intervene , the working-age population will come under more pressure as the elderly persons are mostly taken care by them .
Furthermore , if it is not properly handled , more issues relating to aging population will arise causing serious consequences to the growth of the country .
With the help from voluntary welfare organization , there is a range of health care services available to help the older people in the community .
These health care services provided are such as day care centres , senior citizens club and residential care .
However , at times these services are not fully utilized as it lack of publicity and the location may not be accessible to some of the elderly who do not stay near the health care centres .
Therefore , mostly these health care centres are located to the places where a high proportion of older people are staying .
These services are a great support and assistance to the working age people who are taking care of the elderly while they are busy working .
With more of these health care services around , the elderly can remain physically and socially active , and it also help to lighten the burden of the working age population .
Currently , Government is encouraging more healthy and able elderly to work longer by lowering barriers of elder employment policy .
It may be objected that having older employees will also mean higher cost in term of healthcare benefits and insurances .
In such case , companies will find them as a huge financial burden slowing the growth of the companies .
But , on the other hand , companies do save up a lot in their training costs as these employees are more experienced , and retaining them will cut down on the recruitment costs .
By working longer , there is more time to ensure that the valuable experience and knowledge are passed on to the younger members of the workforce .
Countries such as Japan and United States are also encouraging more people to work longer by extending the retirement age up to sixty-five .
In addition , with still a good medical condition and good working performance , these people can be a great asset in contributing to the economy .
Hence , encouraging later retirement will benefit the elderly in saving up more for their old age and the economy of the country .
Nowadays , there are more supports given by the government for the family to take care of the older person .
Schemes like Joint Selection Scheme that allows the children to apply for flats in the same block or housing estates of their parents .
There are also more upgrading of older estates to improve accessibility such as more rams and lifts .
In addition , beautifying with modern design and interior improvements of older housing estates is a strategy to prevent outflow of younger people .
Therefore , with the continual support from the government is important to promote children to stay with their elderly parents .
These issues are also faced by other developed countries such as Japan and United States .
In order to deal with these rising issues , government is currently taking active measures to help ease the aging process .
However , there can only be so much that the government can help in terms of the health care services and policies .
If these services are not fully utilized by the people and the elderly are not responding to the government assistance , slowly these older people could be considered as not productive and be neglected by the society .
After World War II , we saw a rapid increase in the birth rate across the globe and Singapore too , faces the same problem .
For instance , civil servants are not entitled for paid maternity leave for the third and subsequent child .
In addition , public hospitals charge increasingly higher sum for each additional birth .
With low birth rate and longer life expectancy , aging population become a long term problem for Singapore .
Knowing the difficulties in encouraging Singaporeans to have more children , the government and related organizations decided to carry out research studies and have implemented policies to ease the aging process in different areas such as the medical field .
In order to combat the shrinking workforce , caused by the rapid ageing population and a declining fertility rate , the Health authorities must first gear up their medical field and prepare for an aging population .
Due to the fact that older patients are more prone to hospital admittances than the other age groups , providing better medical care facilities and services not only helps to reduce the chance of re-admission , it will also facilitate better chances of making a full recovery .
With less frequent visits to the hospital , the amount of money spent on medical bills would decrease .
Hence , the elderly would be able live longer with his retirement funds .
However , to develop the medical sector , huge sum of funds has to be involved which may in turn hamper the development of other sectors .
Moreover , the drugs have to be tested so as to ensure the effectiveness of the medicine and are safe for consumption .
On the other hand , with the rise in aging population , it is inevitable to invest heavily in the medical sector as poor medical facilities will lead to more health problems within the country .
This will then result in an increase in the amount spent on medications , thus adding greater financial burden to the shrinking workforce .
With the constant rise in cost of living , families can no longer rely on a sole breadwinner as they need to support both their parents as well as their children in terms of food , shelter and education .
Furthermore , if either of their parents contracts a long term disease which requires significant amount of care , both the adults will be in a dilemma whether to look after their parents or carry on with their job so as to ease the financial burden that is added on because of the medical bills .
Either decision requires one party to sacrifice , thus the Singapore government decided to offer more step-down care services which provides basic medical care to the elderly after the patient have been stabilized .
To ensure that the elderly maintain a healthy lifestyle , the government starts to build elderly fitness corners around the neighborhood .
Occasionally , the neighborhood polyclinics would also provide free medical checkups for the elderly .
Then again , even though it is the health authorities who are responsible in providing a better medical care to the citizens , senior citizens have to also play a part in ensuring their own well being .
Hence , even though the government and health authorities offer facilities to ease the aging effect , the people must also take the initiative to utilize them and be more proactive in keeping a healthy lifestyle .
In a nutshell , the medical sector played a significant role in easing the aging process by providing high level of medical care and wellbeing to the senior citizens .
Thus , if the elderly are able to take advantage of the advanced medical facilities offered to them , it will certainly play a big role in helping the society to ease the aging process .
Aging process is a time induced process that causes changes on physical , psychological and social .
Longer life expectancy and continuous falling population have caused the aging population in Singapore to increase .
In view of these strategies implemented , I agreed to a large extent that the current research and development of policies have helped to ease the aging process .
The first policy development is in medial field .
Having quality health care services at affordable prices is viewed as one of the most important need for the aging population .
This strategy calls for having private clinics to be within a hundred metres from the homes .
The second strategy devised is the implementation of mean- testing .
It is supported by reducing the subsidies of financially well-off .
The second policy development is in economic field .
Thirdly , more financial help are being sought from the government .
The first strategy implemented is the setup of Central Provident Fund ( CPF ) .
The purpose is to provide a compulsory and comprehensive saving plan for Singaporeans .
Some of the changes are the increase of CPF minimum sum and the partial withdrawal of the retirement savings upon reaching retirement age .
The second strategy implemented is the raise of the retirement age to sixty two years old .
However , critics have pointed out that it is the motivation of individuals , instead of policies , helped to ease the aging process .
They also have not point out that Singapore has taken basic measures to ensure the general well-being of its citizens .
For example , it is compulsory for newly-born to take BCG vaccination against Tuberculosis .
The integration of the health care service providers through the medical policies will result in higher quality and more affordable health care system .
For economic policies , having CPF and raising the retirement age will allow additional wealth accumulation .
It is norm that ageing are often associated with illnesses such as Parkinson and dementia as a result , it is a concern of many .
Thus , medical breakthrough by University of Nottingham in the research with regards to slowing down and preventing of Parkinson and dementia from has definitely relieved many .
Although , some may argued that breakthrough in the research do not severed the root of the problem as those who are down with the diseases still could not be cured .
However , one must realized that the breakthrough can help the aged to be better prepared or even prevent being contract with the diseases .
Additionally , since there is a breakthrough , the possibility of a cured can not be rule out as well .
Besides , if more are able to slow down or even prevent themselves from getting the diseases , the aged can lessen their medical cost which will lead to a reduced cost of living .
Therefore , medical research greatly enhances the confident of aged to face the eventual ageing process .
Similarly , economic policy like Central Provident Fund ( CPF ) also aid in the ageing process of Singaporeans .
CPF is a saving fund employ by the government .
It enforces working adults to save a portion of their monthly salary , so that they will have a sum of money upon retirement , consequently bringing about less monetary problems when one aged .
However , it is also not guaranteed that the saving in CPF will be sufficient , especially with the prolong life expectancy of many .
Therefore , recently adjustments are made to the policies to ensure that the retirees ' saving can last them through their life .
In the past , a lump sum will be given to the recipients , but now the recipients will get the money in their CPF account on a monthly basis till they pass on .
Another plan in CPF known as Medisave , helps the aged to meet healthcare needs and hospitalization fee , so that the aged can afford the usage of healthcare facilities .
As seen , the CPF policy had not only help the aged to cope with monetary issues after retirement life , making sure that their savings are sufficient for their retiree lived but also making it certain that the will be able to afford for healthcare facilities if required .
Even if a minority will have no intention to take care of their parents , perhaps due to the fact that their parents did not carry out their parental duties faithfully for an instance , but still chose to live with them in order to obtain the $ 20 000 subsidy , there are still many that thought otherwise .
This policy not only help to minimize the fear of not being taken care of when one aged , weaken the negative idea that living with parents only increase one 's expenditure but also diminish the worries of aged parents that their children will not have a roof over their head .
Clearly , the current research and policies have help to ease the ageing process tremendously .
The breakthrough in the medical research field , not only provide a cushion for the aged with regards to old age illnesses but also help to reduce their future medical expenditure .
Similarly , the CPF policy , put into operation by government , lessens the worries of ageing as medical and life expenses aspects are already well planned for .
It is relatively hard to deny how much ageing had been made much easier .
Aging process as defined by Wikipedia is the process of physical , psychological , and social change .
Physical change means that one 's health will be likely to deteriorate as one aged .
Social change in general points to the change in attitudes towards life .
Fortunately , advancement in technology , economic policies and social policies implemented by the government has helped to ease this process .
Some elderly individuals may feel being left behind by the pace of technological change .
Elderly individuals , who lack access and training needed to familiarize with modern technology like the internet , may find themselves at a disadvantage .
This is because they will miss out the opportunities to access to the large database of information , goods and services online .
In addition , there will also be concentrated efforts towards educating the elderly individuals to use the internet .
These provide great convenience especially to elderly individuals who have difficulties moving around .
Apart from that , advancement in technology also brings about the inventions of new gadgets that have significantly improved the lives of the elderly individuals .
For example in Japan , mobile phone manufacturer has come up with mobile phone that has large key pad so that the elderly can use it without straining their eyes .
As a result , elderly individuals can enjoy their retirement without having much financial worries .
Elderly individuals are generally more prone to illnesses as their immune system would have weakened due to aging .
In addition to that , they are more likely to be plagued with old age diseases like Parkinson or dementia .
The government foreseeing that personal medical expenses would rise as one aged , implemented the Medisave scheme to meet their healthcare needs .
Therefore , they do not have to worry for medical expenses when they are old .
Social policies are also implemented to ease the process of aging .
For example in Singapore , the government has set up a $ 10million Golden Opportunities Fund to create more programmes , activities and learning opportunities for the elderly individuals .
This fund will be used to construct more elder-friendly facilities in all sports centre and within housing estates .
Therefore , through this policy , they can pursue the lifestyle of their choice , be it sports , learning , or contributing through volunteering in non-profit organizations .
In conclusion , advancement in technology , economic policies and social policies implemented by the government has helped to ease the process of aging .
Currently 7 % of Singapore 's population is over the age of 65 , however , by 2030 this will increase to 20 % ( Inter-Ministerial Committee on Aging Report 1999 ) Thus ageing population is one of the challenges Singapore will face in the near .
Yes it is undeniable that there have been many policies implemented to ease the aging process .
However , the extent in which these policies help to ease the ageing process remains rather small due to the limitations of the policies .
Firstly , the Parents Maintenance Act can now address the recent concern of increasing neglected and unwanted parents .
It may be successful in getting children to pay for their dependent parents maintenance but by enforcing such law , but it is a question between achieving ideal economic situation verse morals .
The act ensures that the child or children support their parents since they will face serious consequences if they do not , but it is a question whether if they did it willingly .
Filial piety was supposed to be one of the virtues held above all else , a respect for parents and ancestors yet now we need a law to be enforce to make sure everyone holds that .
Is this implying morals are being eroded in this society ?
Furthermore , Parents Maintenance Act may not be entirely successful in getting the children to pay for their dependent parent maintenance .
This is because the act is only applicable if parents go forward to report against their children and this is applicable only if parents are aware of such an act as well as they bear to do that to their children .
And children can only abide to the obligations if they are financially stable .
Therefore this act is rather ineffective in solving the problems of unwanted old parents , and in the context of social well being , it is unsuccessful .
Another strategies in solving ageing population would be to increase the birth .
With increasing population , there is an increase in working population , leading to an increase in income tax and thus solving both problems of shortage of labour force and well as the heavy financial strain placed on the economically active population .
Pro-natalist policy has been implemented since early 1990s yet the effectiveness it has on birth remains questionable .
Despite much efforts put in by the government in shaping a policy that aims to lessen the financial burden of having children , fertility rates still remain low , as low as 1.08 which is way below replacement rate .
Pro-natalist policy focus mainly on the cash incentives such as baby bonuses of $ 3,00 for the 1st and 2nd child , up to $ 6,000 for the 3rd and 4th child as well as the government contributions in the form of a dollar-for-dollar matching for the amount of savings the parents contribute to their child 's Children Development Account .
However , in Singapore , the financial burden is less of a concern when we are targeting on the 'productive group ' of the population .
In the sense that government actually believes in " Smart people born smart children " , so when they are encouraging population growth they are targeting on the educated ones , who are also the financially stable ones .
Thus cash incentives are not a strong enough factor to encourage them to give birth , as money is a less important issue to them .
On the other hand , it can also be argued that raising up a long term process and government 's help in terms of baby bonus and Children development account is temporally , to the age of six .
So it is in fact rather limited , and it makes people think twice added the other considerations such as high cost of living in Singapore and the increasingly competitive society we are living in makes the task of raising up a child well challenging .
Therefore , the pro-natalist is rather unsuccessful in easing ageing population through the encouraging of births due to several other considerations people have when they decides to have a child besides the cash incentives .
In conclusion , the two policies have shown the ineffectiveness in easing the problems of ageing population .
Rather than a one policy to cater the whole country , there can be different policies implemented to cater to different income level group .
I agree to a certain extend that the current architectural development in Singapore has help in the aging process .
Aging process causes difficulties in movement , which when link to the architecture aspect will be the accessibility of the building and the public spaces .
The current scheme the Singapore government is using is called the Barrier-Free Accessibility ( BFA ) .
( MR MAH B T ) " This BFA Code requires all new buildings , as well as existing ones undergoing major retrofitting works , to meet certain barrier-free requirements .
New , refers to any building that comes after BFA had been implemented .
Certain , means that it is not 100 % .
The statement highlights that the architecture development in Singapore was not to a large extend .
The current BFA Code focuses on the access to and within a building .
BFA is implemented on existing private buildings to the minimum extend .
Therefore there is still a part to play for the public owner .
For examples , shopping malls , industrial estates , invested properties , private properties .
But that is only for buildings that are not of government sector .
Buildings like HDBs are built or upgraded to have better accessibilities .
Measurements taken by Government to help ease aging process in residential areas are for example shelter links upgraded to allow access from residential blocks to markets .
Installation of more ramps in residential areas , which are designed to have a gentle gradient so that it is user friendly for people in wheel chair , new lifts replacements with bigger button showing larger text and better lit buttons in lifts so that the old who are visually unsound can see and press for the correct floor .
Measurements taken by Government to help ease aging process in non-residential areas to create better public accessibility , for example Land Transport Authority made plans to make accessibility for public transport like MRT and bus stops .
NParks is also working to integrate BFA so that even parks can be allowing better accessibility .
Private building owners need to adopt similar measures to achieve quality built environment for aging population .
A large amount of development has been done by the government to help ease the process of aging but it is not enough due to the fact that BFA Code only covers new buildings and government developments .
Existing developments by private entities still do not have better accessibility .
Since the implementation of the Code on Barrier-Free Accessibility in Buildings ( BFA ) 1990s , there has been an increase of improved buildings with better accessibility .
Hence , I agree that the current architectural development in Singapore has help in the aging process to a certain extend .
But it is only a Guide ; Not compulsory .
This means that there is no obligations to follow strictly to the guidelines , in other words , it will only work if the person who builds follows the guidelines .
In effect , UD does not help in the development to create better accessibility for people who are aged .
Thereafter , a revised code on Barrier-Free Accessibility In Buildings , a 5-year Barrier-Free Accessibility ( BFA ) Upgrading Program ( 2007-2011 ) was added to support the upgrading of existing buildings .
The current BFA Code focuses on essential requirements confined to handicap features or facilities which are deemed to be minimum standards essential for its intended use .
Despite this effort , private sectors are still not incorporating desirable features in their design to help make the buildings in Singapore to be 100 % user friendly to all intended users by only meeting the basic standards of accessibility needed by a building .
" I agree to this statement to a large extent .
National budget has always been something that most taxpayers pay much attention to and the planning of annual expenditure is always a big challenge in order to meet the ever changing needs of the country .
Public spending on the aged should be limited so that money can be diverted into more important areas of the country development , mainly health , education and defense .
Budget to the health sector is essential in every country as reduced healthcare facilities and equipments will lead to reduced man-hours as people fall sick and they are unable to receive adequate medical attention .
In the case of Singapore , a total budget of $ 3705 million has been allocated to the Ministry of Health for Financial Year 2009 CITATION Hea09 \ l 1033 ( Ministry of Finance , 2009 ) which is quite a large sum of money .
Some might argue that more money should be allocated to taking care of the elderly in the healthcare sector as the elderly are more prone towards chronic diseases and other health problems .
However , I think that this is an oversimplification and is not practical .
It will be much better for the money to be diverted into researching for new medicines and vaccines and improving healthcare facilities which is more important in the current situation when viruses are getting more adapted to current medications and a pandemic is more relevant to us .
Furthermore , it will also be better if the money is diverted into more subsidies when it comes to medical charges such that healthcare remains affordable for all citizens , which will also benefit the aged as well .
Emphasis should also be place on the education sector as it is crucial to the country 's development .
Education is fundamental for the nation as it builds the nation 's foundation since young .
Singapore has spent a large amount of budget on education , roughly rounding to about $ 8701 million in Financial Year 2009 CITATION Hea09 \ l 1033 ( Ministry of Finance , 2009 ) .Some people might advise on educating the elderly as being one important aspect of the nation 's development as it promotes lifelong learning .
However , educating the old will spend a considerate amount of money as most of their minds are not as active as the young and they will take a longer time to absorb new knowledge .
The focus at the current stage should be setting a strong foundation on the young and the working class rather than spending money on the elderly .
Defence is also a major component that we have to place focus in when we talk about the country 's development .
In Singapore , defense has the highest percentage of the budget allocated in Financial Year 2009 , rounding to about $ 11.45 billion , which is about 26.4 % of the national budget CITATION Hea09 \ l 1033 ( Ministry of Finance , 2009 ) .Some people might dispute that the aged is a valuable asset as we can tap into their vast experience when it comes to defense .
However , in this fast paced and ever changing society , the experiences of the aged will get more irrelevant and money will be better used if the public spending on the aged can be diverted into defense to maintain peace so that social and economical aspect of the nation can flourish .
In conclusion , I believe that there is indeed a need for there to be public spending on the aged as the aged are still able to contribute much when it comes to the nation 's development , more through their experiences in life .
However , there have to be a limitation on how much we spend on them so that the money can be diverted into areas like health , education and defense which are much more important areas and crucial to the country 's development .
Due to the ageing of the baby-boomers and the lower fertility rates in the first-world countries , the unprecedented problem of a fast ageing population has become governments ' and policy markers ' concern in the developed world .
And Singapore , as one of the developed countries having one of the fastest elderly populations in the world , which had around 235,000 elderly population aged 65 year old and above ( or7 % of the population ) in 1999 while this figure being going to reach 796,000 ( or19 % of the population ) by the year 2030 ( Committee on Ageing Issues , n.d. ) , needs to face this serious challenge and ease the negative impact on society .
The final objective of " Successful Ageing for Singapore " ( Committee on Ageing Issues , n.d. ) , which has been brought up by Committee on Ageing Issues ( CAI ) established in Dec 2004 and representing from the various sectors in Singapore like the people , private and government , is to ensure that at the individual level , elder Singaporeans should be healthy , active and secure , as well as that all levels of society are well prepared to face an ageing Singapore with challenges and opportunities .
With approaching this goal , current research and development/ policies , to a large extent , have helped to ease the aging process in different fields , like psychology , medicine , etc. On the other hand , the situation of the fast ageing population in Singapore is still rigorous , even with various research and development/ policies .
However , there is one thing , which should be faced , that although such tend of a fast ageing population is unlikely to be reversed in a short term ; much can still be done to buffer its negative impact on society .
Furthermore , in order to bring out a brainstorm and change mindsets of elderly , a systematic year-round public education ( PE ) program ( Committee on Ageing Issues , n.d. ) should be conducted , instead of a week-long activity driven by a citizen-led committee , to infuse a culture of personal responsibility and lifelong planning for old age .
With launching this PE program , negative attitudes about ageing will be dispelled ; moreover active lifestyles and community involvement among older Singaporeans will be promoted , which follows with strengthening intergenerational bonds , allowing the elder to age with respect and dignity , as well as approaching independent and fulfilling lives as integral members of their families and communities In the area of medicine , a series of efforts has been implemented .
First of all , a restructure of the whole healthcare system will be built for an ageing population in Singapore , which has been claimed by Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong ( Channel NewsAsia , August 2009 ) .
Second , besides more new hospitals to be constructed , Singapore 's step-down care sector needs working on , one which for now is largely provided by voluntary welfare organizations ( VWO ) , including more community hospitals nursing homes and home care .
With linking up acute hospitals with community ones , this one key step provides appropriate care to the elder , meanwhile reduces the expenditure which is usually not a small amount , along with spares beds in the acute hospital for more acute cases which need to be treated .
In additional , this policy emphasizes the strengths of both entities : the profession of the government 's hospital teams delivers high quality care to patients , while VWO are good at pastoral care and community outreach .
Although the whole ageing issue in Singapore would be tackled by no one-off recommendation , the effect of these strategies has become more and more obvious .
With every effort put into these strategies , especially current researches and developments/ policies in the various areas like psychology , medicine , etc. , the ageing process in Singapore has been eased to a large extent , which is hard to deny .
Public spending on the aged has been rising rapidly due to the ageing population , because people need more health care as they grow older .
Therefore , public spending on the aged should be limited to a certain extent , not only to avoid the high possibility of economic crisis in the near future , but also to divert the attention to other areas such as education and infrastructure development , which are essential for the economic growth of a country .
The increase of public spending on the aged is necessary because of the ageing population .
For example , Peterson states that " elder dependency should be reduced by encouraging later retirement , longer working lives , and lower barriers to elder employment " .
Another strategy that he stated would be to emphasize filial obligation and encourage the willingness of tomorrow 's grown children , so as to lower the government spending on elder dependency .
Therefore , public spending on the aged is necessary , but we should not eliminate other possibilities that will ease the financial aspects of the ageing population .
However , education also plays a crucial role for the wealth and future development of a country .
In addition , it assists us in the development of our virtues and values , and it also cultivates us into mature individuals , who are able of planning for our futures and taking the correct steps .
When the people are well-educated , the advancement of a country 's economy will be promised ( Manali Oak , 2008 ) .
Education at the secondary and tertiary level will prepare the students to be efficient when they enter the working society , by equipping them with the necessary knowledge and essential skills .
When the efficiency of the workforce is high , it will benefit the economic growth of the country greatly .
For example , the accumulation of America 's public infrastructure deficit over the past several decades has resulted in a variety of infrastructure bottlenecks-traffic congested roads , clogged ports , and an antiquated air traffic system , which undercut the economy 's efficiency ( { Bernard L. Schwartz } [ HYPERLINK : http : //www.newamerica.net/people/bernard_l_schwartz/recent_work ] , 2008 ) .
This clearly shows that if a country were to neglect its infrastructure development , it will affect the economy negatively .
Infrastructures that are designed and built for tourists will be a significant source of revenue for the country , hence , appropriate amount of public spending should be incorporated to develop such infrastructures .
In addition , Infrastructure Development Finance Corporation in New Delhi said that by increasing public investment in infrastructure development , it would then attract more private investment ( PTI , 2006 ) .
This would mean more income is generated .
The government should divert the money into education to equip the people with the right attitude and working skills , so as to ensure a stable economy growth for the country .
Government should spend sufficiently in infrastructure development , because public infrastructure deficit will cause the economy to be less efficient .
On the other hand , public spending in infrastructure development attracts more private investment , hence generates greater income .
If a country neglects other aspects such as education and infrastructure development , but overly focus on public spending on the aged , its economy will suffer drastically .
Aging process means process of growing old and getting more matured .
As Singapore is the second fastest aging country in the world " CITATION DrG09 \ l 1033 ( Koh ) , the Singapore government has carried out many means to ease the aging process , which also means to shape growing old in Singapore a satisfying and fulfilling experience .
Mainly , the government has been focusing on economic policies which are more effective ways in easing the aging process in Singapore 's population .
One of the government economic policies which are successful is the Central Provident Fund ( CPF ) scheme .
This is a " national social security fund which was established in 1955 as a form of funded retirement savings plan " CITATION Kal09 \ l 1033 ( Mehta ) .
Singaporeans are required to save a certain amount of their salaries into their CPF accounts .
" Employers are also required to contribute 16 % into the employee 's account " CITATION Kal09 \ l 1033 ( Mehta ) .
The contribution rates differ by age and income between 8 % -33 % .
If compared to other countries , Singapore has a much higher rate of contribution .
Some people might complain that the CPF is ripping away their money so much that they did not have enough money to spend .
Actually , this is the main purpose of CPF - save and reduce on spending !
The high saving rate is to enable the nations to support themselves in old age , provide in advance for old-age dependency .
Some other people might say that CPF savings is not enough to cover throughout their whole retired lives .
Well , it depends on individuals to plan out their own personal savings for future as CPF is just a way to help those who might not have planned their savings for old-age , to make sure the difficulties that every nation might be facing are reduced .
This is the intention of the government to protect his people .
Another form of way through financial policy is the ElderShield .
It is a new strategy which was implemented by the government in September 2002 .
It provides monthly cash out to help pay the out-of-pocket expenses for the care of a severely-disabled person " CITATION Hea09 \ l 1033 ( Healthcare Financing - ElderShield ) .
ElderShield is viewing at the lengthening life expectancy of Singaporeans where people tend to live longer compared to past years , and thus one should be able to deposit some savings in the productive years for old age disabilities .
A certain people may think that the government has nothing else better to do to set up this scheme which is not needed and is a waste of money as they already have MediShield in CPF account and assumed that they will never get severe disabilities in the future .
ElderShield will pay you monthly cash payouts if you become severely disabled for any reason , whereas MediShield helps you pay hospitalization expenses , only if you are admitted to a hospital " CITATION FAQ09 \ l 1033 ( FAQs on Policies ) .
Looking at this health aspect , we can know that the government is really trying to ease the aging process in the population .
Apart from the two policies above , the government has also implemented another scheme that can be the 'safety net ' for elderly Singaporeans , which is Public/Society Scheme .
All in all , though in other people 's view , the government policies in economic have some flaws , the policies have still done a big part in trying to make the lives of elderly citizens of Singapore easier and more comfortable .
Hence , the government financial policies are still considered as successful means .
However , government should limit the spending on the aged due to the ageing issues requires help and also largely depended on other areas of the country .
As the country will have less working force in 2030 , the government should invest more money on education to obtain a stronger working force to support the country and the large group of elderly .
" ( Krueger and Lindahl 2001 ) With more investment in education , the standard of the working force in Singapore will increase .
And each individual worker will receive more income due to the high output and competitive of the Singapore working force .
At the same time , better education will not only improve the earning of the working force , but also the moral of the younger generation .
Singapore will not be able to solve the ageing issues if the younger generation of Singapore is lack of moral and only put their focus on themselves .
However , Singapore has already invested much money in education , and by putting more money inside education may not have a better outcome .
If Singapore stops her development in education and put her focus mainly in ageing issues , she might lose in the future .
Thus , invest money in education is important , relevant and important .
Not only education , Singapore needs to invest more in her defense to secure her county .
The recent bombings in Indonesia hotels and the escape and recapture of Mas Selamat show that Singapore is in danger all the time .
Also , Singapore needs to build up a stronger economic defense to prevent serious economic recessions due to that large amount of money need to be spent on elderly in the nearly future .
Yet , some reports suggest that to invest more money on elderly will benefit the country more compare to invest money on defense which seems a waste of resources .
The fact is that , the effect on defense is hardly observed to the public due to the people have been living in a safe environment for too long , that most of them think that Singapore is safe with or without the defense system .
So , if the government do not invest enough and promote better defense system , Singapore might have serious problems when huge crises such as terroist attackes the 1997 economic recession happen .
At last , to limit the spending on ageing issues help to force the society to take responsibility and not totally rely on government alone .
The government needs to help to solve ageing issues and plan ahead for the country so that the country will not suffer when the crises arrive .
If all the problems have to be solved by the government , then the work load to the government will be extremely heavy .
And when most of the focus and attention of the government is on the ageing issues , the development of the country might be neglected which in the long run , ruins the country .
It is understandable that the public and the elderly are worried that if the government does not spend much on the ageing issues , the elderly will be forgotten by the society .
If the government takes all the responsibility , the public will take granted of the problem just like how most of the people take safety of Singapore as an easy thing to achieve .
Thus , the government should limited the spending on ageing and at the same time , educate the public and solve the problem together .
The ageing issues will not be able to be solved in a short period of time .
The ability of the government is limited , and the focus of the government should be placed on the future of the country instead of just one group of people .
Instead , the public itself should take a major role in ageing issues and work together to solve this long term difficulties .
In the context of Singapore , ageing population is a major issue that the nation has to deal with , citing that 315,800 of the population is at the age of 65 and above in 2008 ( Annex .
A ) , and that figure will only continue to increase , judging from the constant increment in the median age of our population since 1998 till 2008 .
( Statistics 2009 ) From there , there is clear understanding that public spending on the ageing population is essential .
For placing an unlimited amount of public spending directly targeted at the aged , the government will be neglecting the economy , social and political issues which in a way , acts as platforms for better living conditions of the aged in the future which will be discussed further .
There is absolutely no wrong in allocating a bulk of public spending on the aged , but who is to justify and judge the magnitude of spending and the determinants to a reasonable amount which leads us to the role of the government .
The yearly Singapore Budget Speech actually recognizes the fact that someone has to make a policy or guidelines to justify and judge the absolute yet flexible amount of public spending in peace times or states of emergency , even though there were criticisms of the government to have squandered savings by her own policy of industrial targeting .
( Gerald P. O'Driscoll 2002 ) Besides , consider solely on the economic perspective , Singapore will never be a leading nation if there is no control but relinquishment over public spending with abrupt and undefined monetary policies , basically meaning that there is justification to the planning of public spending .
Moving on to the point of channeling more funds into the financial world , it provides a higher possibility of a better economy , although no single entity till date can guarantee that .
Still , the government has to seriously consider the fact that a better economy will bring about higher employment rate , higher real income and lower price inflation indicated by the Consumer Price Index , which enables the now active Singaporeans in the workforce to save for the future .
In other words , financial planning which Peterson in A Graying World states to be a strategy to a new paradigm of ageing , ( Peterson 2001 ) where the government is recognising the importance of planning with more than 600 financial institutions in Singapore that makes the country one of the top ten most sophisticated financial markets in the world by the World Economic Forum .
( Kei 2009 ) For the government of Singapore to substantiate our standings in the financial markets of the world , she has to continue to provide incentives , coming from the areas of world-class infrastructures , investment avenues , tourism and trade , those of which require a sizeable amount of public spending , for the experts in the field to come in .
Discussing this in a narrow context of financial planning would mean that the government first has to groom potential leaders and scholars to understand the importance of financial planning before they can lead and share .
Grooming then , comes in the form of a more sophisticated infrastructure for learning and monetary incentives or aids in scholarships and bursaries .
Not forgetting that through the functions of education , the government can increase or influence the citizens ' thoughts and awareness on being socially and morally responsible to the population , including the aged as well , quoting the threats of the flu epidemics .
In addition , the government has to work hand-in-hand with social organizations like the CIMO help groups to allow rooms for them to help their ethnic groups financially , especially for the old aged .
In conclusion , we have to consider public spending on the other areas of concerns other than that of an ageing population to be of an indirect manner to help and ease the aged but in the future milieu , and too note the consequence of incompetent allocation of resources namely , having unlimited public spending on the aged .
" In my opinion , I do not totally agree with the statement .
An all-rounded country 's development is crucial and important but it should not be achieved at the expense of the health care for the elderly in the society .
First and foremost , the elderly remain financially vulnerable in the society and need the public funding for their health care .
Though Peterson in The Graying World ( 2001 ) maintains that the elderly could depend less on the public spending by seeking employment or depending more on their family , such a notion at reducing and limiting elder dependency is not feasible .
Being old does not come with the loss of health but there is a social prejudice against the elderly when they seek employment at their age .
In this competitive age , employers will tend to favour the non-elderly over the elderly as the latter is nearly retirement and often associated with old diseases .
In addition , people are having less , if not , no children these days .
Such a societal trend reduces the possibility of the elderly tapping on filial obligation for support in the future .
Therefore , such unfavourable factors continue to place the elderly in need of the public support for their health care .
Where should the limit of the public spending on the aged be drawn at , if it should be limited ?
Peterson in The Graying World ( 2001 ) also argues that " health " should be redefined by the government and that the government should draw a limit to its support for the health care of the aged .
A limit on spending would lead to the imposition of a limit on the range of health care that would be funded by the public for the aged .
In the context of health care , different people require various different treatment .
If a limit was to be uniformly drawn across the public-funded health care , some elderly could consequently be cut off from the treatment that they need .
Furthermore , the elderly commonly suffered from old diseases which tend to be chronic in nature like cardiac and rheumatologic diseases .
There should not be an absolute limit drawn on the public spending for the health care of the aged ; a balance should be struck towards providing for the elderly and concomitantly , driving the country 's development .
However , the withdrawal of governmental support in the health care for the aged would shift the responsibility to the families of these aged and burden the development of the country in the long run .
As argued by Friedland and Summer in Doomsday Predications about Population Aging Are Exaggerated ( 2005 ) , the costs incurred by the families would " end up getting shifted back to the public sector through less direct and often more expensive means " .
Public support for the health of the aged is for a real cause , for the elderly who have difficulties in affording it .
Hence , the public spending on the healthcare of the aged should be practised flexibly and should not be viewed as a hindrance to the development and progress of a nation .
In the modern individualistic culture , a person should be conscious and prepared for his post-retirement .
He should strive for independency and accumulate a surplus of wealth for his old when he is working .
Thus , the emphasis is diverted to other areas of the county 's development so that at the same time the country 's economy grows , the people have a much larger income to support either themselves or their parents .
Money should be spent on education , research and growing the country 's economy so that people can have larger income to tap upon .
In addition , instead of spending on the aged , the attention could be to encourage more birth rates and stressing the importance of filial piety as a value so that the aged can more securely depend on their children .
In this way , focusing on growing the country 's economy to help to support the aged seems to be wise .
However , regardless how much the economy is growing , not every people are going to accumulate enough wealth for their old life .
The rich is going to have a wealthy and comfortable life in their post-retirement but the poor is going to struggle with their daily lives- to pay the necessary service bills , medical bills and for food .
Poor elderly who have no children or whose children have deserted them are only going to live on their depleting savings .
If their savings runs out , they would face difficulty acquiring income as their abated bodies limit them in finding a job .
They would end up living on the streets if no help is given to them .
Furthermore , poor elderly can not afford expensive medical bills , but they should not be disqualified to receive medical treatment as it is needed to sustain their lives .
Hence , help is heavily needed from the government to keep the poor aged to survive .
Everyday provision of living facilities and food is also needed for those very poor as we should not leave them on the streets .
Besides , long- term medical bills due to chronic diseases are too expensive that they undermine an average income person 's total wealth .
Diseases such as cancer , kidney failure , diabetes , which are common to the old people , require long-term medical attention and hugely expensive treatment that an average income earner would not be able to afford even if his income had been larger .
While it is very unfortunate to have any of these illnesses , every old people are prone to falling to them as their bodies weaken .
While the wealthy could struggle to keep the illness in fight , the average man and below would not be able keep up with the medical bills if no subsidies on medical treatment from the government are given .
The aged have work very hard to develop our country in all ways and they deserve a well rest for the rest of their lives .
It 's ethically not right to leave them on the streets or not to relieve them from the unaffordable medical fees just because they have turned incapable of contributing to the society , especially those who are not well educated to begin with .
It is also against human rights to leave a helpless person to be tortured by illnesses and die .
Selfishness and cruelly will develop when we decide to leave the aged on their own .
Selfishness undermines unity and cooperation which ultimately leads to failure of a society .
Cruelty leads to insensitivity towards death and violence , which links to crime rates .
Hence , if we focus too much on pushing too much forward our economy and progress and neglect taking care of our aged , we might just lose the ethic and moral values that keep us living in a community and we would eventually fall .
By limiting public spending on the aged , there is most likely to be poor elderly lying on the streets and more old people struggling with medical fees .
It is ethically not right and impractical to lift off public spending on the aged to spend on other areas of development .
As each year passes , there seems to be an increase on public spending towards the aged .
This seems to be a very popular trend , as a lot of developed countries , such as Spain and the United States of America , tend to increase the public spending on the elderly .
Public spending is very essential to a country 's development , and should be divided sensibly .
The spending on the aged should be limited so that the money can be diverted to other sectors of the country 's development like public transportation or the army .
Public transportation is one area that could be improved if the country limits its spending on the elderly and raises its spending to the former .
" The privatization of public transport has not delivered the improved service standards nor shorter arrival times , while fares have been increasing based on the justification that being private transport operator , they are not charity and need to make profit for their shareholders .
According to a Singapore census made in 2000 , around 52 % of Singaporeans go to work using public transportation .
That is staggering , over half the population uses public transportation , yet the conditions are still poor and fares are high , which seems very unreasonable .
The Government can play a major in creating a solution to this problem .
If they limit the amount being spent on the elderly , they can use their money to better effect through buying back the public transportation , and give reasonable fares to the public who deserve it .
Another thing they can do is improve the conditions of the busses .
Pollution is a growing concern to the environment , " small land area of the central business district led to severe traffic conditions including congestion , reduced traffic speeds , and environmental problems .
" ( Zolla , 96 ) .
Some of the busses used outside the city are fairly old , and unless they are disposed and substituted by less polluting busses , then the environment is in danger .
Another way the government could use the public spending more effectively is to spend more on the Ministry of Community Development , Youth and Sports , which is also known as the MCYS .
( Government of Singapore , 2006 ) .
That way the elders have their families to look after them , which could render the public spending on the aged useless .
And if for some reason the younger ones in the family do n't help their elders , then they can be sued under the " Maintenance of Parents Act , which allows parents to sue their children for financial support .
This policy clearly shows why the Government should limit its spending on the elderly , and spread it around to other more useful sectors .
" The island state 's median age will rise from 36 presently to 41 by 2030 .
Many people would use these figures to support their claims that public spending on the aged should n't be limited .
This could prove to be a strong claim ; however , it will cause major problems within the countries health care system .
Even though the elders still get money from the public , they still can not pay their medical bills , nor can their children .
The money should instead go to the country 's health care expenses .
Countries like Sweden and the United Kingdom face no problems when it comes to healthcare , as over 80 % of Health Care expenses are covered by the public spending of both respective nations .
To conclude , it would be very wise of the government to limit its spending on the aging , and to divert the money to other areas of the country 's development .
There are a lot of sectors more deserving of the money , and could be beneficiary to both the young and old , like improving the public transportation in the country .
In the recent years , global aging issues are an uprising concern .
If this maintains , by 2030 , the ratio of one out of every five Singaporeans will be aged 65 or above .
Thus over the years , the new researches , developments and policies in Singapore have definitely helped to ease the aging process to a large extent .
And as far as these developments and policies are concern , ageing workforce and the cost for elderly healthcare are the important factors that the government has looked into .
By looking into these factors , the country can greatly decrease the impact of the liabilities these elderly has on the country .
To prevent older generations to be a burden to younger generations , the Singapore government has come up with several policies and acts which allows the elderly to stay in the workforce for a longer period .
Under this act , the minimum retirement age in Singapore is 62 years , thus allowing them to stay longer in the workforce .
Firstly , they can accumulate more wealth through their work , which they can then use to support themselves in their old age .
Secondly , working provides them a good environment to maintain and even build up their physical and mental health .
This is possible through communication with their colleagues , which can help them to stay optimistic .
Thirdly , by working longer , they also help to ease the financial stress of their family members .
Another worry arising is the cost for health matters .
To help families in Singapore cope with the extensive treatment cost , the Ministry of Community Development , Youth and Sports ( MCYS ) , has come up with services and programmes that provides affordable healthcare and eldercare services .
These facilities mostly cater for families who have financial difficulties .
On the contrary , some Singaporeans have the mind set that these services and programmes are not of utmost importance to them as they each have their own medisave account to pay for their hospitalization bills .
Apart from this , some other Singaporeans might not think that later retirement is a good idea .
For example , companies might think that it is a more of a burden to hire an elderly worker , as they might not be able to cope with the stress and workload five .
There are also worries about the elderly workers ' health status .
However , little did they know that medisave account might be exhausted after a week .
Associate Professor Paulin Straughan said " One hospitalization , for example , a stroke can set you back at tens of thousands of dollars .
Therefore , without the help and support from welfare organizations such as MCYS , majority of Singaporeans might not be able to handle high cost incurred for taking care of the elderly .
Without the past contributions from these elderly workers , these companies might not be able to stand wherever they are today .
Therefore , it is important that companies try to retain elderly workers , especially when the Singapore government do provide incentives for them when they do so .
These can be seen from the willingness of people to stay longer in the workforce , and to people enrolling in the services and programmes provided by MCYS .
Ageing issues can be further eased if family members take the initiative to encourage their elderly members to stay longer in the workforce , so that they can contribute more to the society , help to ease household financial stress , accumulate more wealth , and also to stay healthier and wiser .
In the current context , public spending on the aged has been significant especially in the developed countries such as Singapore .
With better education system , there will certainly be more literate women joining the workforce , who ended up in a late marriage .
We will also expect the life expectancy to increase due to better healthcare facilities and technology .
Without any doubt , it is common to see an increasing in the aging population .
As such , governments were pushed to invest resources , especially in terms of monetary to solve problems such as having barrier free accessibility environment , scheme to taking care of the elderly and subsidy on the healthcare .
However , this spending on the aged is necessary but should be limited in order to have a balance spending between the aged and the country 's development such as infrastructure , education and skills upgrading .
Infrastructure is one of the areas that the government can develop on .
More railway lines can be built to allow easy accessibility of people from one location to another .
Expanding the railway line will allow the reducing of time spent on traveling and to be more convenient .
It focuses on the general public as a whole , ranging from the young to the elderly and handicapped rather than mainly on the aged .
However , as constructing is in progress , it often causes high pollution level and is unsightly .
But , the ultimate aim of investing expenditure on such a large scale project was to increase the standard of living of people .
Another instance could be the upgrading of roads to cater to the increasing amount of vehicles , to reduce road congestion .
It also facilitates the driving within Singapore by making it smoother and providing alternatives road which were lesser as compared to the past .
We may also have notice that our buildings are often undergoing maintenance and upgrading as it is part of the government scheme to maintain the condition of the building , minimizing the wear and tear after years and most importantly meant for the public to have a better environment to live in .
The above mentioned could be another area in which the government can divert their expenditure to .
The government can invest on having additional amenities in school such as gymnastics ; swimming pool ; and indoor sports hall as a form of relaxation , providing a conducive environment for the students .
Besides that , expenditure can be channeled in increasing the subsidies in education to encourage people to take up more studies , removing barrier due to insufficient cash flow .
As people are educated , they were able to contribute to the workforce in the near future .
Moreover , funds should also be diverted on providing skills upgrading for the workers for instance , a scheme such as " Skills Programme for Upgrading and Resilience " ( SPUR ) , which was introduce to improve and upgrade the worker 's skills .
The aim was to increase the employment rate by encouraging the retrenched people or the elderly to seize the opportunity to improve and upgrade themselves on the necessary and essential skills to continue in the workforce .
However at times , people may be reluctant to take up such programme which they perceive as useless .
This is the fact that as the elderly are employed , they were able to support themselves with their savings .
In order to achieve that , the elderly worker especially , must consistently upgrade themselves to keep up with the existing demands as employers are looking for the most cost effective resource for the organization .
Thus , this not only benefits the general public but as well as the aged .
In conclusion , although money spent on the elderly can ease the problem of aging population , it is only for a short term and is not a feasible solution .
It will only create a reliance on the government .
Therefore , we should take into consideration the effects that we will encounter in the long run .
By investing largely in the aged , other areas of developments for the country will be neglected which will result in more social problems .
Hence , spending on the aged should be restricted to a certain amount so that the resources in terms of financial can be divided equally based on the needs of the various sectors .
There should be a limitation for the public spending on the aged .
Over the years , the expenditure on the aged has relatively increased due to the shift to an aging population .
This is mainly due to the increasing needs of healthcare and welfare services for the elderlies .
Should more public spending be used for catering the implications of the ageing population ?
We need to consider other various sectors that the government is concerned , for the economic and social development of the country .
Providing better healthcare and welfare services has been regarded more important than before due to the ageing population we are facing today .
Policies have been changing according to the needs of the elderlies over time .
As people are having a higher life expectancy today , more spending is expected to provide better healthcare facilities and other services for the aged .
It is observed that in certain countries that faced with aging population problem , there is an significant increase in hospitalization rates as well as physician services over the years .
However , the increased health costs should not be depended solely by the government .
People are more educated and can work longer to better support themselves today .
Furthermore , to stimulate economic growth , the government needs to work out carefully on the national budget for different sectors in the country .
Therefore , we need to consider other government expenditure such as Education , Infrastructure and Research and Development ( R&D ) .
Education spending has always been look upon as a significant matter in the government 's context .
Finance Minister Tharman Shanmugaratnam said that " Despite the recession , the Government will upgrade both the 'hardware ' and 'software ' of the education system " .
[ Theresa Tan ( 2009 , January 22 ) .
Retrieved September 15 , 2009 from http : //www.straitstimes.com/Breaking + News/Singapore/Story/STIStory_329588.html ] There should be sufficient funds set aside to provide updated facilities for the schools as well as to maintain the quality of the teaching force .
By ensuring that the younger generations are well educated we would be assured of achieving growth and stability of the nation .
Thus , the public expenditure of on education should never be overlooked .
Developing infrastructure is also another important expenditure that the government is focusing on .
The Government will increase public sector construction spending to between $ 18 billion and $ 20 billion in 2009 .
As economy is thriving continuously , infrastructure such as commercial buildings , bridges , roads and rails are developed constantly .
Infrastructure can reflect on how developed a country is and also to make sure people and goods can move about quickly .
For instance , the transportation network in Singapore are always developing to provide citizens with top graded transportation as far as possible .
A recent development will be the introduction of circle line to the existing MRT networks .
Iconic infrastructure developments would be the building of Integrated Resort ( IR ) and casino that are aimed to attract foreign investment and tourist attraction .
Remaking of housing estates are established through various estate renewal programmes such as Home Improvement Programme ( HIP ) and Lift Upgrading Programme ( LUP ) .
Expanding infrastructure spending reflects a country 's economic status and helps bring in more foreign investment .
For example , the south Korean government plans to increase investment in research and development by more than 10 percent on year in 2010 .
Retrieved on September 16,2009 from http : //english.people.com.cn/90001/90778/90858/90863/6639500.html ] People see science and technology as a longtime investment and thus expenditure on R&D was not affected even in the current economic crisis .
Singapore is becoming a biomedical hub that is globally competitive and is turning into a trusted centre for scientific and related commercial activities .
Investment in R&D boosts economic growth , increases productivity and generates new product to improve quality of people 's live today .
The needs of a country will be constantly changing with regards to the fluctuation of the economy .
Even though public spending on the aged has been increasing due to the shift to an ageing population , there should be a limitation on this spending so as to divert the assets for developing other areas .
The educated aged group today should also be able to support and plan for themselves with regards to their healthcare and social services .
In all , the proportion of public spending on the various sectors should be divided properly in order to promote economic growth and maintain a sustainable development .
Governments have thought of many measures so as to help improve the aging population situation .
They have invested time and money into research on policies that can help solve the aging population crisis .
Moreover , since such a trend is only likely to happen in the short run , much has been done to buffer its negative impact on society .
Therefore , I agree to a large extent , current research development/policies have helped to ease the aging process .
Demographic changes such as a growing population will have a serious consequence on health issues in developed countries .
To deal with such challenges , governments have only two options , one of which is to reduce the future old-age dependency burden by increasing available resources .
By lowering the barriers and making it easier for the elderly to be employed , more elderly people would have jobs and be able to generate income for the country .
Therefore , the government has been granting PRs and citizenships more freely than before , as well as providing incentives such as tax rebates to attract foreign companies to invest in Singapore 's economy .
Secondly , the healthcare of the society is very important .
However , some may argue that 'Health ' is very subjective as everyone 's body condition is very different .
Therefore they argue that more and more money would be spent on researching on new technologies to cure the illness .
However , research has shown that for many diseases like diabetes , kidney failure , heart diseases and so forth , the chances of recovery are much higher if the disease was diagnosed in the early stages .
In conclusion , I feel that no matter how much research is being done , it will not completely solve the aging population crisis .
Only by providing more children will the cost burden be spread over a larger and more affluent future generation .
Therefore , I conclude that although current research and development/policies have helped to ease the aging process to a large extent , but they have not managed to fully solve the problem .
With the decline of fertility rate in recent years , statistics have shown that in Singapore , the number of younger persons age 15-64 to every resident aged 65 and above fell from 10.4 in 1998 to 7.5 in 2009 .
As a result , Singapore will be facing the dangers of an aging population .
Hence , the public spending on the aged will increase .
At the same time , with the rising economy , the national expenditure would eventually increase .
In recent decades , academic debate has centered upon gauging the effect of modernization or industrialization on levels of familial support ( Cowgill and Holmes 1972 ; Martin and Kinsella 1994 ) .
" This would indicate that the government should be prepared to meet the need of welfare services for the aged .
For instance , facilities such as Day Care Centres and Old Folks Homes will be in high demand as the ratio of elderly to the younger generation is higher in the near future .
In the long run , if the government focus only on the development of the country and neglects the aged , it will result in economic inequality of " the poor getting poorer , the rich getting richer ' concept .
This would cause the people in losing their motivation to work harder for the country as well as the belief of filial piety commonly known in Asia .
In Singapore , the government has strongly upheld the belief that familial support of the elderly is ideal , but if the individual family could not handle their aged , the government would then interfere to help .
However , solely focusing on the aged population would not be the best approach .
This is because there is still a need to contribute to the country 's economic growth in order to be able to sustain the well-being of its people .
In psychological term , this would not only be able to decrease the percentage of them being sick but also lead them to a healthier and happier life .
However , too much help from government can lead to its people being too dependent on the government .
This would result in arising problems including the lack of motivation to work .
Henceforth , the government can introduce policies to encourage its people to invest for their future during the early stages of their life .
In conclusion , public spending on the aged should have a limitation .
This would not only benefit the nation 's development but also improve its people well-being .
Furthermore , better education for the younger generation would lead to the spread of cost burden of the nation .
Due to the advancement in technologies and the implementation of efficacy policies by the Singapore government , these have helped to alleviate the problems that are accompanied by the aging process to a large extent .
Take for instance , in the past , due the lack of current research and developments available , most elderly who are diagnosed with illness were unlikely to recover and in most cases , they would have to stay in bad for the rest of their lives .
Furthermore , in the past , elderly especially spinsters and bachelors whom they have no family members to turn to in their old age often faced financial problems after they stopped working .
However , unlike the past , most elderly now are coping well with the aging process in terms of physically , economically and mentally .
As indicated in the statistics pertaining to the health status of the senior citizens ( as cited in the National Survey of Senior Citizens , 2005 ) , it stated that " among senior citizens aged 55 and above , only 35.8 % reported a clean bill of health .
" As such , it would seem that despite the great advancement in the area of medical technologies , a substantial percentage of the elderly are still suffering from medical ailments such as high blood pressure , bone or joint problems , diabetes and sight problems .
This may suggest that the current medical technologies have not help to ease the aging process .
On a closer look , although the present medical technologies may not be able to slow down the aging process , these technologies may help to prevent the medical ailments from occurring and also in some cases , alleviating the sufferings which the elderly has to go through .
For example , the invention of high blood pressure and diabetes monitors helped people especially the elderly to be more aware of and to be more able to monitor their own health conditions .
With proper medication , the 2 medical ailments would have a lower probability leading to kidney damage whereby the treatment for this illness would be more arduous than the common ailments .
As such , the advancement in medical technologies have shown to ease the aging process through the innovation of medical innovation which in turn aid the elderly in preventing common ailments exacerbating into serious illness whereby the treatments are more strenuous .
Although , in today 's context , around 66 % of the senior citizens aged 55 and above are provided with regular cash contributions from their children ( as stated in the National Survey of Senior Citizens , 2005 ) , there is still a significant number of senior citizens that faced financial difficulties in their old age , especially if these senior citizens are retired singles .
Furthermore , besides ensuring that the elderly will have sufficient funds for their living expenses after their retirement , the Singapore government has also ensured that the elderly will be able to cope with the hefty and long term medical expenses in their old age through the implementation of policies such as the Eldershield ( Healthcare Financing , ElderShield ) .
As stated from the source , " ElderShield is an affordable severe disability insurance scheme which provides basic financial protection to those who needs long-term care , especially during old age .
" Thus , the elderly will be able to draw on the monthly payout to aid in paying for his or her long-term care expenses .
Lastly , the grieving process ( Old Adult Mental Wellbeing , Health Promotion Board ) is part and parcel of the aging process whereby for the elderly , it is more common for them to lose their family members and friends in their old age and thus , this makes each single loss even more unbearable .
However , with the current developments and advanced medical help available , it would be able to aid in reducing the sufferings that the elderly would be experiencing during the grieving process .
For instance , one such facility development which the elderly would be able to seek help from would be the REACH Elderly Care Centre where the elderly would be able to receive day care , supervision and supportive help .
In addition , the place also serves to offer ample opportunities for the senior citizens to mingle with other people and take on meaningful activities so that they would be healthier in terms of both mentally and physically .
Furthermore , with the advancement in medical sciences , if the intensity of the grief does not fade off after a long period of time , the elderly can also seek professional help such as consulting the therapists and psychologists to assist them in getting over the grieving process .
As such , with the different types of facilities and medical developments available , the elderly no longer has to suffer in silence .
It is ironic that how everybody wants to have long life expectancy but yet , no one wants to grow old .
Nevertheless , the aging process is commonly viewed as an unavoidable , undesirable , problem-ridden phrase of life that we are required to go through it .
However , with the advancement in technologies and implementation of effective policies , it has proved to be able to ease the aging process to a large extent .
With the help of the technologies and policies , the elderly would definitely be able to manage their lives in their old age better .
Singapore population comprises of the citizens and permanent residents .
In between the year 1947 and 1964 , there are approximately 1 million babies were born .
This made up of 30 % of the resident population in the constitution .
The batch of these baby-boomers will reach 65 years old by 2012 and form the largest aged population that Singapore has ever experienced .
Singapore is a developed country where the government had already spent millions toward the country 's development .
Singapore 's government had invested millions of dollars in the past years to ensure that Singapore grow as a modern and sophisticated city .
The government had pumped in money to various areas such as transportation system , infrastructure , education , technology , health and welfare benefits for its people .
The government uses these developments as a strategy to boost the economy .
Singapore 's transportation system is well-known as one of the best in the world .
Almost all part of Singapore is very accessible by road .
The government promotes high education to acknowledge the importance of it .
As one of the developed country in the world , Singapore has only its citizens as their resources .
Although the standard of living in Singapore increases gradually , Singapore citizens are still able to cope with it .
This is because the government provide subsidies to the people in terms of housing , healthcare and education .
With these developments , Singapore has produce skilled workforce , advanced and efficient infrastructure which attracts many foreign investors to trade in this country .
Factors which had attracted the MNCs to do business here is tranquillity and corruption- free government .
Hence , MNCs feel safe and secure to trade and set up business in Singapore .
In fact , the strategy used by Singapore 's government was proved a success , for instance , statistic shows the real growth that averaged 8.0 % from 1960 to 1999 to 9.9 % in 2000 .
There is not much more that the government need to spend on developing the nation .
With skilled-workforce , advanced facilities and infrastructure together with MNCs setting up business here , Singapore 's economy is expected to grow in years to come .
The issue is to maintain them and change according to the technology .
Now the government should focus on sustaining and maintaining all these developments that are already provided here .
Furthermore , there is a scarce land in Singapore .
Knowing that the baby-boomers would reach 65 years old by 2012 , government should invest on them .
This is necessary as they knew that if the baby boomers start to pull out their money out of the bank and stock market , it will affect the total government spending .
With job lost , they no longer have to pay taxes and thus , the government should look upon wisely on its public spending .
It should be aware of issues that Singapore will be facing in years to come such as ageing population .
Thus , allowing employers to hire them and they would remain employable .
By working longer , baby boomers could accumulate savings for retirement and able to share skills and experience with the society .
More funds are required to encourage later retirement and longer working lives to meet the necessary working skills .
It is only through upgrading of skills and knowledge that would increase the efficiency , effectiveness and productivity of these elderly employers .
Although the elderly are prone to illnesses and more funds are required as compared to younger employees in an organisation , they have the experience to guide the younger employees .
On the other hand , due to the fast-paced and stressful working environment nowadays , the elder generations would not be motivated to extend their stay in the workforce .
Although the elderly could only do the minimum to the society and country , they made up the higher percentage of the population and should not be ignored .
There is a need to develop a realistic sense of urgency in Singapore over the ageing population issue .
In shaping Singapore economy , the government should not neglect the social issue of ageing population .
According to Singapore Department of Statistics , the Singapore resident population has grown older with the median age of resident population rising from 35 years in 2003 to 36.4 years in 2007 .
The proportion of elderly person in Singapore aged 65 years and above increased from 7.4 per cent in 2003 to 8.5 per cent in 2007 , which reflects the second fastest ageing population in the world after Japan .
The increase in life expectancy and decline in fertility are two main causes of ageing population .
Singapore is concerned with the growth in ageing population because many older persons have minimal or no income .
Public spending on the aged should therefore not be limited , yet other aspects of public spending should not be compromised so as to maximize spending on the aged .
The burden on an average working class adult has been increasing with yearly inflation and higher standards of living .
Pressure on the working population will be exceptionally high as the dependency ratio of elderly increases , which may in turn result in social problems .
Therefore , including health care for the aged as part of public expenditure to lighten the burden of the working population is an investment that should not be limited .
Elderly often find themselves unsupported by their children due to greater emphasis on individualism in the younger generation that has eroded the traditional values such as filial piety .
Hence , the government can intervene by supporting the elderly using public spending to make sure they are self-sufficient .
Such include day care centres , wheelchair-friendly access , subsidies for medical costs and transport .
Having established that public spending on the aged should not be limited , other aspects of government spending , however , should not be neglected just to maximize spending on the aged .
Money could be diverted to tourism and military , for instance , as these may be other crucial areas of a country 's development that requires public spending .
According to Singapore Tourism Board , Singapore achieved a record of 9.7 million visitors in 2006 , from 8.9 million in 2005 , and is hoping to achieve a target of 17 million visitors by 2015 .
In order to achieve the target , Singapore has recently invested a substantial amount of money into the major development of the two integrated resorts in order to remain competitive among Asian countries and other popular tourist attractions .
The Integrated Resort is one of the many strategies that Singapore adopt to generate more economic growth and boost the country 's Gross Domestic Product ( GDP ) .
Other than the many areas money could be diverted to , military defense is among one of the important aspects because it serves as a deterrence to protect a country 's sovereignty .
Money spent on purchasing weapons and armours is necessary to ensure that the warriors of the nation are well-equipped in an event when war occurs .
In addition , money could also be expended on local or overseas training to ensure that the warriors are trained with relevant knowledge to defend the country .
In conclusion , public spending on the aged should not be limited due to its significance in view of the ageing population .
Instead , the government should allow its public spending on the aged to hang around a certain percentage .
In this materialistic world where we live in , when something loses its value , it will be forgotten from our sight .
As a result , many elderly have being neglected from their children and become homeless due to their capacity in providing help to the family have decreased .
Just one week ago , a case of a daughter cheated on her mother into selling her apartment away and took away the sum of money , leaving her mother homeless on the street .
The stepping in of National Welfare Association lessen the burden of such neglected elderly by providing Old Folks Home and other amenities that will aid them according to the situation .
However , such approaches will only solve the skin of the problem and not the root cause of the situation .
Not only that , it will generate the idea that it is okay to not look after the elderly as the welfare will step in and provide the elderly a place .
This replacement of looking after the elderly will only encourage more infilial children to neglect their elderly parents .
Hence , providing sustainable solutions to the aging problem have to start by tackling the root cause of the problem , that is looking at the children who is supposed to take care of them .
The root cause starts from children who have no wish to take care of their parents .
Japan was known to have many homeless elderly and by analyzing into the country ' performance it is known that Japan has the highest expenses among the countries .
Beside cultural aspect , this gave us a slide indication that the people there may have problem handling their finance .
In Singapore , this is especially true to people falling under the sandwich generation who have to pay for the spending of their children and also their parents .
Instead of using taxpayer money on the aged , it can be used to generate more jobs and higher income for the people , resulting in better economic .
In this way , the children will have more financial allowance to take care of the parents .
Educating the society on aging issue helps in long-term basis .
Just like other issue like smoking and yellow ribbon , introducing of aging campaign should be improvised in a country .
This approach not only brings awareness to the country , but also educating on the people on what will happen to the elderly when they are neglected .
The experiencing and understanding of such situation changes the way the society thinks about aging elderly , taking this aging issue on another level of humanity instead of practicality .
Law should also being implemented in a country to help control the negligence of the elderly .
Fine should be made on family that neglects their parents .
The Law should not be made severe , as there are also many issues to why one has to neglect their elders .
Issue like financial problem and time allowance may prevent one to take care of their elder .
The Law should take on another part of being just fining on them , but bringing in welfare that helps family that encounter such problem .
In this way , there is a controlling factor in a country , making sure the welfare of elderly will be taken care of by their family and lessening the amount of homeless elderly .
In a nutshell , public spending should be limited and wisely spent in providing aids to the elderly .
Instead of helping directly to the needs of elderly , the government should tackle the root of the problem , which is the people who are supposed to take care of their elderly parent .
This can be done by improving on the economic issue of their country , educating the importance of taking care of the elderly and implementing laws on negligence issue of elderly .
These approaches may not produce effect soon , but it is sustainable for the future generation .
I strongly agree with the sixth strategy which suggests people to provide in advance for their own old-age dependency .
That is also why so many countries are engaging in setting up effective systems to encourage or compel people to save money for later use .
For instance , China has developed a complete system which requires people to turn over some money every year according to the individual income and willingness .
This policy is implemented smoothly , since both the government and citizens can benefit from it .
It not only lightens the burden of government but also brings security to citizens ' later use .
To certain extent , it also can inspire individual enthusiasm for work .
However , some people insist that the government should take the responsibility to look after the old people by increasing the pension and promoting the funding of the programs for the elderly , for they have engaged themselves in the development of their countries and deserve the care and respect .
In my perspective , it may not be practical especially for the developing countries with large population .
It not only can not solve the problem effectively but also may lead the national budgets and economic to come under great pressure .
All in all encouraging people to set aside some money for themselves is the most wisdom method .
Due to the increase in the standard of living , better medical treatment is available and this has caused the life expectancy of the people to increase .
Hence , for small country such as Singapore which human resources is the key factor for the success , it is important that the citizen constantly upgrade themselves with the latest knowledge .
Therefore , government should devote more capital to ensure that the education system remain relevant in today 's dynamic global economy .
This certainly seems to be more important than pouring money down than on public spending on the elderly .
Some may say that it is more important that a country have an excellent research and development sector than healthy , happy senior citizens .
Research and development plays an important role in the innovation process which results in high quality products , successful businesses .
Research and development will very likely increase the levels of overseas investment as foreign multinational companies will see that country as a good place for business .
A strong education system and a strong research and development sector , when situated in a country that is not unified and chaotic will not be able to reap the benefits that they are supposed to generate .
Thus , public spending on the elderly does provide important benefits to the country and should not be limited thus .
Lastly , a country that does not take care of its elderly sufficiently runs the risk of having it younger population abandoning it and migrating to other countries .
Majority of them would think that their hard work does not pay off .
They work so hard to contribute to this economy but the result turn out that the government do not provide sufficient care for them when they are old .
Hence , no more future leaders will be staying back to help the country to boost up the economy and run every sector .
Therefore , public spending on the elderly should still be invested in term of financial policies and benefits .
In conclusion , we should not see elderly as a burden but an asset .
Even thought other sectors such as education and research and development are important to us , we should not forget ours greatly contributors .
There are the ones who build up a nation from the basic to what we have now .
Therefore , we must be grateful to those who aided us and create a sense of belonging to everyone .
In this way , younger generation will then work harder for the nations in the future .
The baby boom in the 1960s and the current low fertility rate in Singapore has entrench Singapore into one of the fastest aging population in the world .
Living expenditure for the elderly is increased by the rising medical costs and standard of living .
The people are the asset of Singapore and they have contributed to the country 's strong economic position .
The improvement in medical research has lengthened the life expectancy of the society .
However , the longer life span will inexplicitly incur a larger amount of long term health care expenses for the aged and the deterioration of physical mobility and communication might cause them to lose the ability to work and be self-sustained .
The situation is further worsened for a segment of the elderly in the society who is unmarried and inadequately educated .
They stand at the least advantageous position should there be a limitation in the public spending on the aged because they do not have families to depend on and the depletion in the marginal sum of savings will eventually result in social problems like starvation and homelessness .
Moreover , without the government 's support for the elderly , the burden of caring for these elderly will fall solely on the " sandwich generation " , whereby the individuals are to be financially responsible for their family , children and parents .
Hence , there is a need for the government to intervene by using part of the public funds to care for this aged population and ease the burden on the working population .
Singapore invested much of our public spending on the other areas of the country 's development like defence and economy .
Although these areas of development are necessary for the continual development of Singapore , we should not neglect the importance of public spending for the aged .
By providing more for the elderly and improvising health care polices , the government can actually improve the living conditions of the aged which will reduce possible social issues .
Furthermore , if the government can maintain social stability in its country , government may then focus on other aspects such as defence .
Such coordination between the working population and government will benefit the aged who is concern with the provision of welfare from the state and this will give them a sense of security .
An ageing population is a worldwide pattern that is faced by all countries .
As the population is getting older this has social , political and economical impact on all societies .
Social impact would be that people would have to work harder because the proportion of people who are economically productive is not balance thus the younger generations has to be more productive to cater to the elderly low productivity .
An aging population will have a serious consequence on health issues in developed nations in the view that more medical support will be needed by the elderly .
Political wise , policy to help the elderly whereas financially or welfare wise , it will hinder the countries growth in the long run which leads to the economical impact as more tax payers money will be used on public spending on the aged .
However , public spending should be diverted to other areas of the countries development like economy and technology which may help in prolonging and enhancing the quality of life for the elderly .
Investing in the economic growth will reduce the stress of the younger generation as more jobs will be provided more employment with higher salary will be available to the working adults .
More businesses will start and more jobs will be created , which means more people will be employed thus more income tax which means more government funds to help support the elderly .
When more work is available , more people will be able earn and save more which means that the standard of living for the working people will improve and they will be able to support the elderly as they are more affluence .
Increase in economic growth will also mean that people are earning more thus there will be an increase in the taxable amount of the working people which this amount will be usable in providing better medical support to the elderly thus this will provide for both the working people in the sense that they will live better and the elderly in the sense that they will be supported with the proper amount of care .
Investing in technology in the sense of research and development will allow the discovery of new medical advancement as well as better facilities for medical cares .
New drugs or medicine will be available for the sick elderly and more cures for diseases and sickness will be available to help the elderly thus reducing the stress on the working force in the sense that they do n't have to worried about their elderly parents .
New technology or medicine to prolonging and enhancing the quality of life will be available for the elderly and this will reduce the stress on the working force of the economy and in return increase in the productivity of the working force as they are more focus at work and they are able to provide and spend more time at work .
This means that there will be a better output of production thus more business and more income for a better economy .
This will allow for better economical growth for the country which in return gives more funding for the government to spend on the elderly as well .
Investing in social welfare of the working adults in the sense of providing better quality of life and better living standards will help to reduce stress on the working force so as to allow them to be more productive and capable to provide more for the elderly .
Some of the facilities provided by the Singapore Government was the provision of park connectors more facilities near working industries and central business district which allows working people to enjoy working and still have a good quality of life .
This helps to encourage working people to work and play better giving them a better standard of living .
In conclusion , Public spending on the aged should be limited and the money should be diverted to the other areas of the countries development like economic growth , research and development and the welfare of the people as this will allow more business , better facilities and encouragement for the people to be capable in supporting themselves and for their elderly parents , in the sense that the government is allowing the people to solve their own financial problem instead of providing of taking up their responsibilities which allows the government to invest and provide for other areas of the countries development .
Politicians and law-makers are often debating on how much money should be spent in each sector of the country .
However , there are other areas that require cash inflow to facilitate and push society forward .
Such areas include the military sector , security sector , education sector , research and development sector etc .
When one grows old , his body will be going through adjustments and soon , he will not be as fast or agile as he was before .
The government steps in and upgrades the environment more user-friendly which includes , more handrails along steps and stairs , longer gentle slopes around the housing estates , upgrading of lifts to every floor in older flats , having more elder friendly lifts , etc .
Elderly become more vulnerable to illnesses and diseases as they age and it would take a much longer time to recover , unlike their younger days .
Together with rising medical costs and inflation , this would pose as a problem for the aged , even if one had prepared an amount of savings for his golden years .
The government would get involved once again and provide subsidies for the elderly in medical bills and as such .
Terrorism is a growing threat today as it is getting more complicated to understand the terrorists and counter or prevent them .
More research and studies would have to be done to learn about them , their thinking and their actions and how one should be prepared against them .
As the terrorism spreads and complicates their attacks , from bombing the Twin Towers in United States of America ( NYDailyNews , September 11 attacks ) to the Mumbai attacks ( Mail Online , Mumbai terror attack gunman admits guilt in dramatic courtroom confession ) , one could see that terrorism is growing and it is becoming much tougher to counter them in the future .
Other than relying on the police and military forces , the government has to educate the public on the dangers of terrorism and the importance in preventive them .
Thus the need to divert reserves into this area of the society is very important .
In Singapore 's context , education starts when a child enters pre-school or kindergarten and to at least the secondary school level .
Government spending has been growing each year in the education sector .
This is due to incurring costs from the needs for teachers to the maintenance of a conducive and cohesive environment for the student and providing subsidized education for the public .
Such costs do not stop once the child leaves the secondary school .
If he furthers his studies into the tertiary education , more spending is sustained .
Emphasizing on continuous learning and skills upgrading for older workers is to help them remain competitive in the workforce .
For instance , Skills Programme for Upgrading and Resilience ( SPUR ) ( NTUC Learning Hub , SPUR ) is introduced to employers and encourages them to send the workers to these trainings .
Such courses and workshops are relatively expensive to conduct and thus , the government 's efforts to subside them are to encourage more workers to attend and upgrade themselves .
This could also keep the older generation longer in the economy so as to provide for themselves for more years to come , instead of relying on the government , in turn , reducing the need to elderly spending .
Clearly , spending for the aged is important .
Educating the youth , who are our future pillars of support , would equip them with skills so that they can handle potential problems , which in turn could support the elderly population in the future .
Education the older generation would also maintain and even push the economy into better times as they remain competitive and up-to-date with the relevant skills and also support themselves for a much longer period of time .
As shown , preventive measures against terrorism is a cost effective way to counter them instead of dealing with the aftermath .
As a saying goes , it 's better to be safe than sorry .
Singapore was ranked third for the highest life expectancy in the world , such that an aging population is evident .
Before taking effective actions , leaders must first realise that any further expansion of retirement benefits would only impoverish future generations and limit future public spending ( Peterson , P.G .
As such , I agree that public spending on the aged should be limited so that funds can be diverted to other areas like Ministry of Finance , Education , Health and National Development .
Each area must not be neglected , as they have significant contribution to aid in taking care of the aging population .
Firstly , for Ministry of Finance ( 2009 ) in Singapore , funds must be pumped into the economy to ensure solvency of the country .
For instance , Monetary Authority of Singapore ( MAS ) and Inland Revenue Authority of Singapore ( IRAS ) are established to make sure that entities operating within Singapore 's authority are attuned to the international standards and practices .
All these statutory boards and institutions require funds to run their operations to ensure Singapore 's competitiveness , such that revenue earned can be allocated to other ministries ' operation and policies usage .
Secondly , for Ministry of Education ( 2009 ) in Singapore , funds must be invested in educational institutions and policies .
For example , funds are needed to build good infrastructure and facilities for scholastic purposes such that their education is received under good environment .
After all , the younger generations are the futures of Singapore who will soon be the ones taking care of the aged .
Funds are also needed to draw effective educational programs to ensure that the young are equipped with fine skills to cope with the metropolitan society in Singapore after leaving the institutions .
In this society , funds are also needed to draw programs to educate the young on the moral values ; where moral values are the corner stone of an individual 's character and personality .
Thirdly , for Ministry of Health ( 2009 ) in Singapore , funds are needed to ensure that the rising demand of healthcare services for the general public is met .
For example , as mentioned by our Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong ( National Day Rally Speech , 2009 ) , hospitals like Khoo Teck Puat Hospital and Jurong General Hospital will be built to meet the rising demand and at the same time providing accessibility .
Funds from the government are also needed to aid the voluntary welfare organizations .
This measure is needed so as to free out the beds in the general hospital , so that more acute cases of patients could be taken care of and the milder cases can recuperate in a community level with their families and familiar surroundings , in turn it is also a cheaper alternative for the patients to cope with the rising healthcare cost .
However , if public spending on the aged is not limited , more financial aid could be given to them , and in turn lessen the burden of the younger generation to provide for the elderly .
Lastly , for Ministry of National Development ( 2009 ) in Singapore , funds are needed to develop housing policies to take care of the population and build national parks , neighbourhood parks and greeneries .
For the former , housing grants , subsidies , CPF schemes are used to ensure affordability of having a decent roof for the public .
Funds are also needed to build handicap facilities , for instance ramps and Lift Upgrading Program ( LUP ) .
It could be a place for all the residents in the neighbourhood to come together to interact , exercise and forge friendship .
This would help prevent them from experiencing loneliness and also a channel for the residents to communicate and help each other in times of need .
Therefore , after considering all the factors , I agree that public spending on the aged should be limited as other factors are equally important in taking care of the public , ensuring international competiveness and progress for the nation .
Each factor has its own way of contributing to the society as a whole and the elderly will benefit directly or indirectly from the development as well .
Public spending must be cost effective to ensure a steady rate of return from its investments to allow the country to develop and prosper .
Sufficient public funds are needed to develop different area of the country in terms of social , economical , defence and government administration .
To ensure that there are sufficient funds for the country 's development , public spending on the age should be limited .
In order for the country to develop , funds are needed for investment in retraining of workers , expanding of economic structure and maintaining a high standard of education in various educational institutions .
Firstly funds are needed to invest in retraining of workers .
Due to globalization , training of workers is important to develop and maintain a highly skilled workforce .
The Singapore Budget ( 2009 ) reported that the government will be spending $ 457.7 million of the public fund to subsidise training programmes for working Singaporeans .
In Singapore , the Ministry of Manpower and Workforce Development Agency had developed a program , which is called Skills Programme for Upgrading and Resilience , SPUR , in providing training courses at subsidies rate for people to attend .
Apart from working population to be re-skilled , the SPUR programme helps retrenched workers to learn new skills so that they can be reemployed and companies are able to send their personnel for training which helps to reduce retrenchments .
However , there are some older workers whom are unable to attend any courses despite being offered at subsides rate .
Dr Isa Hassan identified three factors on why older workers are not attending any courses .
Firstly , some older workers have weak command of English or are English illiterate as they are school dropouts .
This has discourages them from attending the training course as it is conducted in English .
Some older workers are earning minimal wages thus they have to take a second job or part time job to boost their income earning .
Lastly the older workers have negative mindset of going back to school to be re-skilled .
Some older workers may feel embarrass or dislike going back to school at an old age .
Secondly government expenditure is needed to expand and maintain economic structure .
The Singapore Budget ( 2009 ) has reported that the Ministry of Transport and Ministry of Trade and Industry will be spending a total of $ 4624.83 million on expanding the road network , railway network and developing industrial infrastructure in Singapore .
With having an excellent economic infrastructure like efficient transportation network and fully furnished workplace , will attract foreign investors thus making the country to be an industry hub .
The Economic Development Board article ( 2009 ) mentioned in 2007 World Bank reported that Singapore had earned the top position of having a top logistic hub in the world .
As a result , the country is able to maintain their economic competitive edge , as well as create more jobs for the people and enjoy higher standard of living .
Lastly public spending are required to maintain high standard of education in various educational institutions .
Investing in education is like investing in the future so the future generations are able to meet future challenges .
In Singapore , the government invests heavily on education through subsidising school fees of schools and post-secondary education institution .
In the Singapore Budget ( 2009 ) , the Ministry of Education is investing $ 7,884 million into subsidising school fees .
This is to ensure that school fees are affordable and allowing every citizen to receive a proper education .
In conclusion , public spending on the age should be limited so that funds could be used in developing the country through retraining of workers , expanding of economic structure and maintaining a high standard of education in various educational institutions .
Funds being used for country 's development to improve peoples ' life would n't both the young and the old will benefit from it ?
The process of gaining knowledge is of paramount importance in developing countries as it would reduce the level of poverty and increase their ability to find quality jobs .
In this way , wealth would be generated and the economy would improve as their employability increases .
Yet , one can not deny the fact that a shortfall in educated people would restrict economic expansion .
Thus , it is crucial for countries to invest in the form of education that is desirable for its people to ensure greater economic development .
Through the process of upgrading , individuals are empowered with the relevant skills and knowledge demanded by the job market .
Nonetheless , it could be refuted that this might promote job hoping .
However , funding of training programmes should still proceed as it would increase the productivity and capability of the working population in handling any challenges there might surface in the future .
In recent time , terrorists have accessed to sophisticated technologies that could create greater destruction to the surrounding and to instil fear in the people .
In this way , military forces would then be armed with the latest equipment which is crucial to maintain their fighting capabilities .
For example , Australian Chamber of Commerce and Industry ( 2000 ) stated that 13 million dollars are spent on national security yearly even though it places an immense pressure on the federal budget .
Therefore , continuous support on national defence is deemed important to ensure peace and harmony within the society .
In conclusion , nations should be careful in deciding the amount of spending on each area of development .
Expenditure should not be spent solely on the elderly as it would hinder the growth of other areas like education , trainings and national security .
As the proportion of elder persons in the world continues to increase , there is a need for the government to intervene as there will be many elderly who can not support themselves .
Through cutting down some spending on the aged , the funds can be used in solving problems faced by society and help to relieve the pressure faced by the current working force to support the elderly .
It will need to focus on areas such as education and reducing elder dependency of the current elder generation .
The government can also lower barriers to elder employment and stressing filial obligation ( Robert B. Friedland and Laura Summer , 2005 ) .
The government will need to spend some money on retraining the elderly to equip them with the necessary skills for the job .
Though there may be uncertainties that positive results will be yielded , it is still important to limit public spending on the aged so that some money can still be diverted to other important areas .
Different countries will need to have different solutions specially tailored to fit their own countries and public spending should be split evenly so that there is a balance in each area .
Unfortunately , these schemes did not seem to appeal to the vast majority as the birth rate still remains stagnant .
Therefore , having an ageing workforce might not necessary be negative .
In an ageing society , the social aspects not only include the need for appropriate housing schemes but also health care systems for present and future generation of elderly .
An elderly-friendly built environment is a key principle to which an elderly can adjust and integrate themselves into the community .
For instance , accessible infrastructure provides a safe and comfortable environment for the elderly to recuperate their old age .
Hence , with these schemes , it is proven that elderly in Singapore are given top priority in the community .
Needless to say , the nation would have problem to support the increasing spending on the elderly in a bearish economy .
Thus it is important for the nation to divert our public spending to with the aim of improve the economy .
Just like elderly is an important asset to a nation , children is an also important asset .
The nation can benefit the younger generation by diverting its fund on other areas .
Therefore , funds should be diverted to assist on child 's development .
But there is a need to remember that not all people can fully support themselves for training program .
The three reasons provided explained why public funds on elderly should be limited and divert to other areas of development .
Although the elderly are an important asset , but they are not the only asset a nation has .
There will be great age shift between now and 2030 as the proportion of residents aged sixty-five or older will increased gradually ( Committee on Ageing Issues , 2009 ) .
With regard to the problems , many countries focus much attention on it by introducing policies or by giving out funds in order to reduce the problems cause by the ageing population .
Public Spending should be used to provide more options and protection for the elderly .
However , it would be better if the expenses used on the aged should be limited so that there will be sufficient funds available for other areas of the country 's development .
This may result in greater productivity among the workers as they tend to be more committed for their work ( Valarie Tan , 2009 ) .
Government may also spend the amount in development where it can attract foreign talents to the country to solve the problems of manpower shortage .
In addition , it is the responsibilities of the elderly as well as the working people to plan financially for their future ( Peter G. Peterson , 2001 ) .
During their contribution to the working world , the aged should be able to plan ahead in advance for their future on the likely cost incurred for health care services .
If public spending is not limited , the aged or the working people may take the aids provided by the government for granted thus they may not work hard during their contribution to the working world .
In order to solve this problem , the government have implemented certain policies to aids the aged , some of the policies are the introduction of the Central Provident Funds , tax reliefs and the Public Housing scheme .
For example , the MediShield are used to better prepare them for the future medical costs ( Central Provident Fund Board , 2009 ) .The implementation of these policies will hence reduce the burden on the aged and thus reduce the public spending required on them .
According to the report ( 2003 ) , from 2000 to 2030 , the worldwide population aged more than 65 years is projected to increase from 550 million to 973 million approximately .
Therefore more attentions need to be given to the aged .
Public spending on the aged should thus be limited so that money can be diverted to areas such as economic , defence , education and infrastructure in order for the country to develop healthily .
One factor which contributes largely to the economy of a country is the tourism industry ; this is supported by Rachael Kelly ( 2009 ) .
According to Robert B. Friedland and Laura Summer ( 2005 ) , with economic growth , society will have more choices and more policies can be implemented to help the aged .
Overlook in one area can lead to serious consequences .
Without economic stability , the country will not have enough funds to run the country smoothly .
A better way is to evaluate critically on the level of importance of the different areas and balance the public funds according to priority .
" Our baby boomers will join the ranks of 'elderly ' in a few years .
Assuming the same level of demand we have now , the need for nursing home beds will double in 10 years , triple in 20 years , " exclaimed Mr. Lim Boon Heng , Minister in the Prime Minister 's Office ( Mr. Tan , W.Z. , 2009 ) .
At this time , the effects of the looming aging population are becoming more evident and the increased pressure on public spending for the aged has left Singapore pondering on how to spend prudently .
If too much spending is put into helping the aged , neglecting other areas of the country 's development which aids economic growth , the strain due to the aging population could amplify .
Nonetheless , when putting this in thought , disagreement will exist if we suit the minority .
Thus , generally , future groups of aged may be better off and can still depend on themselves if they were to make use of their intellectual assets .
Usually , when one owns a home , people will be more motivated to work so as to have a better home and thoughts of migrating would be lesser .
Limiting public spending on the aged should be done so for the favours of other areas of the country 's development .
The benefits of economic growth is not only current , it is far-fetched .
These current issues should be dealt promptly .
As for the aged , although we can not neglect them , but we can always provide them with just the right amount so that they will too get what they deserve from the society .
Therefore the government have to strike a balance and find the equilibrium whereby the amount of tax is reasonable and enough for comfortable usage .
As people grow older , our health will gradually deteriorates and we will no longer be able to work and support ourselves after retirement .
We need to recognize that public spending on the aged should be limited so that money could be diverted to other areas of country 's development to attain higher efficiency and to have better allocation of resources .
One example is by transferring the money that we can use solely on the aged to other field of country 's development like improvement in infrastructure .
This will benefit the whole population including the aged through providing a more diverse and well-developed system in transport , like the construction of the new circle lines in Singapore .
In order to help the population to be independent and to save for old age , the government has established the Central Provident Fund ( CPF ) Board .
" ( CPF Board , 2009 ) .
Therefore , one way to counter this problem is through diverting the money to other field of country 's development like education .
Only then we can increase our capability and independence to support the aged and thus it is wise to limit public spending .
Most importantly , the government should divide public spending equally according to the different needs of the various areas of country 's development .
" , quoted by Mr. Lee ( Lee , 2008 ) .
Singapore being a safe country with no natural disaster and previous records of terrorism , foreign investors will feel safer in setting up their businesses here .
Having more foreign investments implies an increase in foreign exchange as foreign currency grows and this would bring in additional revenue for the country .
At the same time , it also increases government tax as more people are working .
This result in a loss of revenue and it will slow down the rate of return of investment for the government .
Even so , in the long run , the government will eventually get back what they have invested on building the infrastructure and the locals will still have a job which prepares them for their retirement .
The future growth and development of Singapore is depended on them .
With better defence technology , the government need not spend money on buying defence weapons from other countries and instead , earn they can earn revenue by selling their own weapons .
These developments will improve the lives of the current and future generation and in the long run , dependency of the future generations when they are old will be minimal as they will most likely have sufficient money for retirement .
Global aging is a critical topic that the world has been concerned about .
While the government focuses its expenditure on improving healthcare products and treatments , it is also important that elderly maintain a healthy lifestyle .
Leading an active and healthy lifestyle helps to reduce chances of getting aging related health problems such as lower stamina , rheumatism , falling memory , senile dementia , and emotional setbacks .
For example in Singapore , the government introduce a 2 years wellness programme that aims to encourage healthy lifestyle by catering the physical , social and emotional needs of seniors through health screenings , social services , exercises , eldercare and social networking sessions ( Lim , 2009 ) .
By maintaining a socially active lifestyle , elderly are more resistance to health problems as they are able to keep both their mind and body active and healthy .
Encouraging elderly to support themselves in their old age by extending their working life helps to reduce elder dependency ( Peterson , 2001 ) .
These measures oversee that employment of older workers should be based on 3 R 's of employment namely : Recruitment of workers aged 40 and above , Retention of existing workers aged 55 to 61 and Re-employment of existing workers aged 62 and above ( NTUC Online , 2007 ) .
In complement with its re-employment legislation , the government has also enacted other legislations and initiatives for instance the Tripartite Committee on Employability of Older Workers and Advantage !
However , elder discrimination is not a problem that can be resolve instantaneously .
Therefore , the 3R 's employment practices would aim to lighten the discrimination by resolving most companies ' unwilling rationale ( i.e .
Hong Kong has also adopted such practices through its 4 yours CADENZA Community Project which seeks to create an " Elder-Friendly Employment Practice " such as job design , flexible working hours and friendly physical environment ( CADENZA Community Project : Elder-Friendly Employment Practice , n.d. ) .
Policymakers have also step up efforts in reducing the financial burden of an aging population by providing financial aids and encouraging people to save in advance for their retirement .
In addition , the state enforces its main retirement saving scheme , the Central Provident Fund Saving ( CPF ) whereby individuals are oblige to contribute a fix percentage of their monthly salary to their CPF account when they are employed .
Aging population is a global phenomenon that affects everyone .
They need to recognize that the effectiveness of any strategies will depend on every individual involvement .
For example , in Europe , while the total population is estimated to shrink slightly by 2050 , the aged population is foreseen to increase by 77 % ( " Europe needs more reforms to be able to cope with raising age-related costs " , 2006 ) .
More than half of the elderly who committed suicide in 2007 was due to health problems ( Paddock , 2008 ) .This is because this group of people is adversely affected by the government 's intention of reducing public spending on the pension and welfare system .
Thus , if the government chooses to reduce public spending on them , social issues such as elderly suicide rate may rise .
Nevertheless , an efficient and well-organized government should have planned the national budget carefully and have allocated desirable amount of funds into the various aspects of spending areas in the country .
Therefore , government 's expenditure on the elderly should not be restricted just because other areas of development of the country are assumed to be more important .
The fast ageing population has brought about issues such as increased demand for better healthcare and social services , a reduction in competitiveness of the economy and increases the strain and burden of the working population .
By 2030 , local elderly population is estimated to reach a million ( CNA , 2009 ) .
Thus , the Central Providence Fund ( CPF ) scheme was introduced in 1955 and made compulsory to all working Singaporeans to encourage self-dependency when they are old .
( CPF , 2009 ) Furthermore , to increase the nation 's birth rate , Singapore government has enhanced benefits offered in the Marriage and Parenthood Package , which includes higher Parenthood Tax Rebate extended to Singaporeans with more children , but capped at $ 20,000 per child .
( FCD , 2009 ) According to Lee Siew Hua , Senior Political Correspondent ( The Straits Times , 2008 ) , although benefits may be attractive , many young couples have no plans to settle down with a family immediately after marriage .
One of the reasons is due to other financial commitments like house installment , which has occupied a large portion of the couples ' salary .
( The Straits Times , 2008 )
But , architects may have a harder time designing buildings now as their products must be of value yet able to beautify and sustain the Earth 's natural resources .
For example , Class C wards receive the most in subsidies .
( Salma Khalik , The Straits Times , 2008 ) On top of this , the government also strongly encourages her senior citizens to adopt a healthy lifestyle .
In conclusion , Singapore government has played a huge part in easing the ageing population .
For instance , increase birth rate to surpass death rate , improve physical environment by creating barrier-free access , and continual effort towards R&D are some of the necessary areas for improvement .
Public spending is the expenditure by government which includes health , education , military and development projects .
The spending should focus subsidies on those most in need .
The public spending should be used in other areas of the country 's development like shopping malls , Integrated Resort , restaurants , hotels , museums , theatres , and theme parks .
The aim is to increase tourism industry and attract foreigners to spend more money .
For example , Integrated Resort projects in Singapore are expected to enlarge the industry .
Deputy Prime Minister S Jayakumar ( 2006 ) said that a large amount of money has been invested and the overall proposal that meets tourism objectives and requirements .
Centers for Disease Control and Prevention ( 2007 ) stated that production of vaccines against new virus should be investigated to prevent in advance .
If the public spending on the aged is not limited , people will tend to depend on the governments more .
They will not save their income earned while they are active in the work force to provide in advance for their own old age as they will think that the government will support them and there will be more subsidies on medical and health care .
They should learn to save more and plan for their old age in advance themselves .
However , the birth rates are declining due to the economic downturn ; people nowadays will plan to have one or two children only .
This will make the future generations having more stressful life because they can not effort to support their parents .
In the absence of a subsidised health insurance scheme , people with serious illnesses or hospitalisation will be a problem especially when they pass the age of 85 or can not afford the increase premiums from age 80 to 85 .
Therefore , people will have pressure when they planning out for their old age .
In order to reduce the stresses , Central Provident Fund ( 2009 ) was set up as a compulsory savings scheme in Singapore so that they can use this savings to support themselves in their old age .
This is to ensure that people will not face financial problem when they retire .
The aim is to attract more visitors to the country and create benefits to the economy of the country .
In these recent years , the entire world has been confronted with a severe economic recession ; which is believed to not only negatively affects lives of millions of people in both developing and developed countries but also seriously threatens the development of numerous firms and companies from almost every sector of the economy .
Up until now , the social policies toward the age 's rights always draw a great deal of attention from the community because of the vulnerability of this special part of the population .
They are not able to earn their livings and probably must be dependent on the supports and helps from their relatives or from the society .
In 2006 , roughly twenty-five percents of the Japanese population was over the working age and approximately eighteen percents was under the working age .
It obviously means that the rest fifty-seven percents in the first case or two third of the population in the second case have to work and support for both themselves and those who are unable to work .
It is reasonable to state that once the governments reduce the amount of money spending on healthcare system maintenance or accommodation subsidy , it might result in a social and political crisis .
Some might argue that the elderly should have their own savings , which were accumulated earlier in the working years to partly supports for the own needs .
However , not every worker can do so since the living expenses are increasing rapidly in a year basis .
Therefore , helps and assistances from external sources and funds are still essential .
One more factor that should be taken into account is the moral or ethic aspect .
Therefore , their dedications and sacrifices should be respected and rather relevantly rewarded by younger generations .
In a country where inflation rate reached an unbelievable figure of 11.2 million percents , where almost every families have to struggle to put food on the table , where the only desire of the children is to go to school , a well-rounded health care system for the aged seems to be so luxurious .
In brief , the policies toward the aged in each country seem to be widely different due to their very own and distinctive economic and social statuses .
Nevertheless , base on those different situations , each country should conduct more in-depth researches and take necessary steps with the view to promulgating both short-term and long-term policies to ensure that the senior citizens must get what they deserve .
With the current trend of ageing population , many countries came out with researches , development and policies which helped to ease the aging process greatly .
Therefore , in the United States of America , the policy of 'Assistive Technology Act of 1998 ' was introduced and the definition of Assistive technology is the use of technology design to develop any service or tool that helps the elderly or disabled to improve , maintain or to increase their functional capabilities .
For example , the installation of grab bars around the tub and toilet bowl can help to prevent falls and reduce the risk of slipping ( A handbook of assistive devices for the handicapped elderly , Joseph M. Breuer , 1982 ) ; the invention of the elevator and escalator allows the elderly for easy movement from one storey to another in a building and the installing of bedside controls for lights and other appliances , which reduces the trouble of moving around just to switch off certain appliances .
For example , in America , The Center for Aging Services Technologies ( CAST ) ( 2009 ) developed e-pill CADEX and 12 Alarm Wristwatch which helps to remind elderly that it is time for their medication .
Nintendo also develop games such as Brain Training Game which are able to help to keep seniors stay mentally agile ( The Associated Press , 2006 ) Samsung 's Jitterbug , a mobile phone that is currently on the market offers the elderly an easier way in making calls , sending text messages and listening to voice mail .
( Elder gadget review , James Alexander , 2009 )
With Assistive Technology , for example , as stated by Intel Corporation ( 2008 ) , poor cognitive ability can result in the increased in { loneliness } [ HYPERLINK : http : //dictionary.reference.com/browse/loneliness ] which may lead to depression and the use of sensor networks and online tools can help in reducing such symptoms .
However , though technology has aid the ageing process through improvements in mobility , socially and mentally , but to the elderly , family and friends are ultimately one of the most important aspects to them .They can help them with money issues ; meet their social needs and provide a home for them .
In today 's context , graying population has become an arising problem in many societies .
Three significant solutions would be , improve economy , introduce elderly-friendly infrastructure and appropriate financial subsidies .
According to the Foreign Direct Investment in Singapore statistics ( 2007 ) , Singapore received a total of 457,023.8 million investments from the world .
Therefore , the elderly could benefit from the greater availability of assistances without jeopardising economic progress .
The development of accessible infrastructure helps the aged in the adaption to the environment .
As human ages , mobility drops relatively .
As a result , immobility would be a hindrance to their lifestyle without the existence of convenient infrastructure .
According to the Housing And Development Board ( HDB ) policy ( 2005 ) , Lift Upgrading Programme ( LUP ) was introduced to install lifts at every level in the HDB residential flats .
As compared to the past , the elderly had much difficulty managing the stairs .
Therefore , appropriate financial assistances are recommended to help cope with their essential needs .
Australia is a welfare state that strongly emphasise the well-being of the elderly .
Policies such as age pensions and medical benefits allow her aged to receive sufficient assistances to cope with the financial needs ( Greg , 2003 ) .
Therefore , the dependency on the shoulder of the children to take care of their elderly would be lightened .
Consequently , this solution would not be effective in the long run due to the money-consuming factor in the problem .
David E. Bloom , David Canning and Gunther Fink ( April 2008 ) have shown with projected statistics that between year 2000 and 2050 , the population of the world for those aged 60 and above will increase in every country .
These policies are successful with easing of the ageing process .
One of the policies that were being introduced was that of the retirement age .
Under the retirement act ( 1999 ) , the Ministry of Manpower , Singapore raised the retirement age for elderly from 60 to 62 .
Another policy that was being introduced was that of the Maintenance of Parents Act .
This act is a new policy mentioned by Prime Minister Lee during the National Day Rally Speech 2009 .
It mainly acts on cases where the younger generations abandon their parents .
One very good example was mentioned in a Channel Newsasia article ( " Social sector wants govt " , august 2009 ) .
It was mentioned by Associate Professor Paulin Straugha , National University of Singapore in the article that one hospitalization trip could cost tens of thousands of money , where is the younger generation going to get the money from ?
In Singapore , these come in the form of the topping of the Medisave account and cheaper housing options .
In the report on the ageing population found on the government website ( { www.gov.sg } [ HYPERLINK : http : //www.gov.sg ] ) , it was mentioned that the government should top up the Medisave account of the needy when there is a budget surplus so that the needy elderly will be able to afford medical treatments .
It was also mentioned that HDB should introduce more rental housing options for the elderly , this can be done by exploring the rental of the vacant flats
In conclusion , with these policies in place , the elderly in Singapore are able to protect all types of elderly ( Those who can work , those who ca n't work , and those who are ill ) .
In Singapore , it was mentioned in a report found on the family and community development website ( { www.fcd.gov.sg } [ HYPERLINK : http : //www.fcd.gov.sg ] ) that the majority of Singaporeans have positive attitudes towards providing concern and support to the elderly .
The small labour force has to carry the burden of supporting the aged in the country and with increasing cost for goods and services , income inequality may be resulted .
With ageing countries directing much attention to the aged , for instance , spending large sums of money on hiring healthcare workers and on the latest medical technology , there will be lesser investments made in other areas like military , tourism , education and research and development .
Secondly , there is a need to limit spending on the aged due to increasing costs of basic necessities ( Missouri Progressive Vote Coalition,2006 ) .
People age between 65- 69 years old still form part of the workforce and some of the aged have been providing financial support for grown up children or relatives despite of their meagre income .
Furthermore , they have been providing voluntary services by actively involving themselves in community organisations ( Australian Institute of Health and Welfare,2007 ) .
The increasing cost will outweigh their contributions .
The United States predicted that the demand for medical care will significantly outweigh the supply of healthcare professionals by year 2020 ( University of Arkansas for Medical Sciences,2009 ) .
The Gulf Cooperation Council ( GCC ) is also facing demand for health care where it is likely to increase by 240 percent over the next couple of decades ( Walid,2008 ) .
These will mean that the countries will be diverting plenty of resources on the supply of health care and neglecting the potential of the other areas which may help to generate wealth for the country .
The government titles most of the financial incentives to primary care .
Public spending should focus on areas that play an important part in country 's development like education sector .
According to the Budget Speech ( Tharman Shanmugaratnam , 2009 ) , the government has an budget of S $ 18.1 billion expenditure in social development which mainly comprises six Ministries : Ministry of Education ( MOE ) , Ministry of Health ( MOH ) , Ministry of National Development ( MND ) , Ministry of Community Development , Youth and Sports ( MCYS ) , Ministry of the Environment and Water Resources ( MEWR ) and Ministry of Information , Communications and the Arts ( MICA ) .
The government heavily subsidise the education fees in schools and tertiary institutions every year to prepare students for the future .
In addition , with the limitation on the elderly , people would be encouraged to work harder to accumulate more wealth before they retire .
However , some may argue that the government should provide more public spending on health services instead of encouraging the elderly to later retirement .
It may seem true in some way as the elderly have less ability to perform as well as younger work force .
However , there are increasing pressures on social benefits including health services fund especially during economic crisis .
The limited fund could only be used in those more deserving areas such as public health services ; therefore , the elderly should be encouraged to work harder to reduce the fiscal dependency .
In conclusion , there must be some limitation on the public spending in order to divert the money to other areas contributed in country 's development .
Besides , considerable efforts should also be made to educate the public to lead a more healthful life .
Especially in the developed countries , due to reasons like better healthcare and women joining the workforce , life expectancy increases significantly as the rate of reproduction decreases .
As the population ages , social problems follow after .
A better solution would be to limit direct spending on the age and redirect these resources to aid the country 's development .
This not only in turn improves the economy ; it also provides more options for the elders when they have to seek treatment .
This would in turn ease the cost of healthcare to elders and indirectly has the same effect as funding elders ' healthcare costs directly .
Furthermore , the issue is to limit spending and not totally cutting it off .
Another area in which money can be directed to is to provide skills upgrading training for the workers .
In order to make this an effective policy , the older worker 's skills must be upgraded and kept consistent with the existing demands .
Angelique Chan mentioned at present , employers tend to be hesitant about hiring older workers and this has led to public debates on this issue ( n.d. ) This affects blue collared workers most extensively , and also happen to be the group of elders that have the highest dependency on the society due to their lower savings .
Providing trainings like the " Skills Programme for Upgrading and Resilience " program , which the Singapore government has introduced in 2008 , helps improve worker 's skills .
Allowing those who were retrenched due to company downsizing or the likes of it can take the opportunity to improve on their skills and move up the corporate ladder .
By endlessly investing in assisting the elderly , areas of country developments will be overlooked , resulting in more serious social problems like unemployment .
For example , our official retirement age has been raised to 65 ; this allows people to work longer to accumulate more wealth for old age .
Many programs have also been set up to retrain the elder workers and upgrade their skill in order to maintain their work productivity .
Furthermore , a mandatory saving scheme , called the Central Provident Fund ( CPF ) , has also been set up to ensure people to save as they work .
However , the CPF scheme may not be as useful as the money that can be used for medical expenses is restricted to Medisave and Medifund .
Moreover , in the case of an elder person is incapable of continuing to work before he meets the official retirement age , he is unable to make any withdrawals from his CPF accounts to cover his daily expenses .
Secondly , healthcare system has been restructuring to meet the needs of the aging population .
Hasnita ( 2009 ) reported that besides building new hospitals around neighbourhood , Singapore also focus on its step-down care sector which includes community hospitals and nursing homes .
Lastly , according to Mr Yap Chin Beng , Director , Estate Administration and Property , they have worked closely with Housing Development Board ( HDB ) to initiate policies such as constant upgrading to our physical infrastructures to become more elderly-friendly .
The upgrades include lift upgrading to install new lifts which stops on every floor , shelters to connect to the nearest bus stop of the blocks and ramps for people who have difficulties in climbing stairs .
In addition , HDB is also building more studio apartments which are suitable for elderly as it is customized with elderly-friendly fixtures and fittings .
Nowadays , many countries have to face different problems about aging population .
It is controversial since many people are afraid that spending too much money on the elderly might decrease national budgets for other areas ' development .
Therefore , it is necessary that the public finances spent on the elderly be always considered carefully by the government .
A limited amount of money given to help the aging population is a good issue for both the elderly and the rest of population which is benefited through the development of different sectors of the country .
It is undoubtedly true that senior citizens always find it difficult to live independently in such the old age .
For instance , the Singaporean government spent more than 7 percent of GDP ( gross domestic product ) on supporting the elderly with medical subsidies , public infrastructure and pension schemes ( Central Provident Fund- CPF ) , etc... while the percent of American GDP for public spending on the elderly may rise from 8.5 percent in 1997 to 22.5 percent in 2070 ( Lee , 2008 ) .
Moreover , a significant share of Gross National Product ( GNP ) went into pension schemes : 0.58 per cent and 1.22 per cent , respectively in Malaysia and Singapore ( Yoon and Hendricks , 2006 ) .
These above numbers show us the truth that the government spent a lot of money for the senior citizens .
We need to have the responsibility to the elderly .
However , we should not spend such a large amount of money on the elderly since it might cause the loss of financial supporting for other important areas ' development such as education , military or infrastructure , etc... With the increasing in aging population and less financial supports from cash-strapped young generation , the government even has a heavier burden on their shoulders to give more money supporting the seniors ' lives now .
Then , they might not focus on solving other problems in other areas , which may cause many troubles to the entire development in the country .
The next point this essay discuss is about the consequence of having no limitation on spending money for the elderly .
A research done by Swiss banking giant UBS reported that Singapore 's long-term economic growth would lose its 3 percentage points because of the demographic change while Japan 's growth will drop from 9.8 to 8.3 percent and China 's growth may cut down of 1 percent .
Without the guarantee of healthy economy , the government can not improve or develop any necessary areas in their country .
We actually have many kinds of help for the senior citizens instead of giving them money from the public budgets .
In conclusion , it is essential for us to set a limitation for the money we spend on the old aged .
The Singapore government provide health subsidy for elderly to help ease elderly patients from the hefty medical bills .
On the contrary , the National Survey of Senior Citizens conducted in 2005 showed that 63 % of senior citizens had their own source of income , 66 % received cash support from their children and 62 % of elderly paying for their own healthcare expenses , the provision of health subsidy might be seen as a waste of public fundings since most seniors have the ability to pay for their own medical bills .
To apply for health subsidy , the government assess elderly patients by taking into consideration the gross income of the patient and immediate family members as well as whether patients own any private property .
Town Councils also came up with barrier-free features like ramps leading to blocks and outdoor facilities are provided to facilitate mobility of senior from homes to public areas .
The Government believe that with later retirement , seniors will be able to support themselves independently and to allow seniors to remain physically , mentally and socially active for as long as possible .
Despite the decreasing productivity of elder workers , they possess vast experience and energy , it will be a waste not to tap their strengths and abilities so that they can contribute meaningfully to their family and the society .
Now , people are living longer and longer lives must be carefully planned for .
Minister Mentor , Lee Kuan Yew ( 2009 ) mentions that there are complains about the welcoming of working-age immigrants resulting in a reduction of job vacancies available for Singaporeans .
Immigrants who possessed the skills and expertise in the various industries were more favorable by employers .
This is because they could contribute their knowledge and bring the companies to greater heights .
Hence , this caused Singaporeans who were not as proficient to become unemployed .
The introducing of working-age immigrants also increased the competition in the workforce .
With the influx in immigrants and foreign talents , most Singaporeans believed that Singapore 's current population is considerably large .
Minister Mentor , Lee Kuan Yew ( 2009 ) points out that between age 25 and 40 , more than 30 % of the Singaporeans remain single and childless .
Many Singaporeans do not want their careers to be hindered and deem it is not worth paying the high fees of educating their children .
Despite the introduction of the baby bonus scheme , Singaporeans were still unmoved and cold toward having a child .
Being a small country , Singapore is vulnerable to many threats and people is her only resource .
If low fertility rate continues , Singapore 's economy and labour force will eventually shrink .
The government could look into ways like longer maternity leaves , financial supports in the form of tax rebates and maintaining work-life balance by allocating sufficient time for personal life .
Numerous countries experience population aging .
The dramatic shift in age structure caused the Singapore government to introduce many related policies .
However , some policies introduced by the government are causing much problem for the society which outweighs the effect of easing the ageing process .
In 2007 , the government introduced a CPF ( Central Provident Fund ) reform scheme , which will push retirement age to 65 years old in 2012 which will then par with Japan .
This , coupled with other initiatives such as the workfare to older workers and incentives for companies to hire elderly workers , serves to encourage longer working lives and decrease dependency among elderly workers .
However , according to the Singapore National Census in 2007 , 68 % of the elder workers are unskilled and most of them are employed as cleaners or laborers , working long hours per day for mostly as little as $ 5 an hour ( Hoe Yeen Nie : 2009 ) .
However , many might argue that through employment , older workers will be able to earn their upkeep , save up for future medical needs and live an active and healthy lifestyle ( PM Lee.H.L : 2009 ) .
But on the contrary , it has been statistically proven that older workers tend to suffer from occupational injuries that were inflicted and accumulated since younger working days , thus accidents are more prone to occur , especially for jobs which require substantial amount of physical strength such as lifting or carrying ( Craig.Z el at : 1996 ) .
In additional , if they were to be subjected to demands of work performance and long work hours in most jobs , how could they ever live a healthier lifestyle ?
With a healthy supply of young workers from other countries , Singapore can fill up job vacancies quickly and replacing those older workers .
By " one stone killing two birds " , it can be said that foreign immigration solves both ageing problem as well as babies shortages .
According to a survey published by Institute of Service Excellence ( ISES ) last year , Singapore has a lower service level satisfactory score of 68 compared to 72 in South Korea and 75 in the States ; one of the reasons is the ease of foreign immigration here .
Nowadays , many semi-skilled foreign immigrants are working in service sectors , and even greeting many customers in their mother tongue .
Nowadays , we have been facing the old aging matter as it increases the pressure on our society .
Some policies such as later retirement age or more children 's responsibility for their parents have been applied .
Though there are still dubious opinions around these solutions , they really bring us a hope about the better future .
At first , some researchers are still skeptical about the later retirement policy , which has been saving millions dollar for countries .
Belly P ( 2006 ) writes an article " Can they carry on working ?
Later retirement , health and social inequality in an aging population " to question about the opposite sides of higher retirement age .
She worries about its bad impacts on older people 's health , which may increase the health care fees for government and about the unemployment of youngster that will cut down the GPD .
Rebecca Smith ( 2009 ) finds out that longer working time may help us fight against the Dementia , one of the most terrible illnesses of old people .
In fact , working helps elderly become more independent , more enjoyable and healthier .
Ian Ziskin , chief of human resource and administrative office of Northman Grumman , says that it 's necessary to have new brand of workforce in a company and his company will keep hiring young workers for the next 5 to 10 years ( Emily Brandon , 2008 ) .
In a short , encouraging later retirement of employee remains effective solution to reduce the burden of old aging .
The second solution being discussed in many countries is raising the adult children 's responsibility for caring their older parents .
Every year , governments have to spend around 0.2 % to 3 % of total GDP to take care of old people and the number is increasing year by year ( oegd publication , 2005 ) .
In fact , this caring plays critical role in easing the spending of government and citizen on health care for the elderly .
It means you have to pay nearly $ 6000 per month for caring your parents , which is such a large amount especially in the economic critics recently .
According to AARP ( 2006 ) , home care saved up to $ 350 billion in 2006 , which is even over the Fed 's budget .
In USA , just only 50 % of adult say that they are caring for their parents ( home caring or supporting money ) so if we can raise this number up by increasing the grown children 's responsibility , we can save our budget to pay attention to other necessary fields .
Although there is still skepticism around the two policies which are used to ease the pressure of aging population , a number of study and facts have shown us their benefit to our society .
Later retirement not only helps elder feel more active and healthier but also brings us a large sum of money .
Similarly , increasing adult 's responsibility for their older parents particularly assists the government in caring a number of older people and saving health care 's fees .
Nobody can deny the adverse effects of aging process in today society .
Imagine a country where nearly one-fourth of its citizens can not work and have to depend on its younger generations ; such a heavy burden will be placed on that country 's sustainability .
Recent policies , particular the Later retirement policy and Central Provident Fund ( CPF ) Board 's Saving for retirement have illustrated the efforts of our Governments .
Because of the fertility decline , together with the expected shrinking population , subsequently , the dependency ratio will sharply increase .
And if the situation get worse , young generation would not be able to pay tax and we would have insufficient fund to care for the elderly .
Although they have not been perfectly completed , but base on fair judgment , such ideas have helped to lighten the aging effects in our society .
According to scientific survey , 41 percent of people want to retire after 65 .
However , this policy has been strongly disagreed .
One of the opposing views was the doubt about the olds strengths and perspicacity .
They fear that old people would not response well enough to the fast changing world .
Although their knowledge may be antiquated , their experiences are invaluable .
About 50 thousands people step into retirement each year , which will then contribute to the dependency ratio .
After many years of hard work , people can now enjoy their life without having to worry about financial difficulties .
This scheme helps people to plan way ahead ; therefore , they would not have to rely on their children later .
Since there are many people suffering to support their families , it is just harder for the to save for later years .
People with higher income will have better retirement life compare to those unlucky .
Old homeless people , for example , they will have to depend on the Government for their livelihood .
As the result , although financial difficulty is not a serious problem for the majority of senior Singaporeans , we still have to find greater plans so that all people are all well supported in their old lives .
These two mentioned policies above are just representatives of many researches , studies , policies given out to alleviate the harmful consequences caused by this so-called " silver tsunami " .
Additionally , we are encouraging young couples to have more children , urging working-aged immigrants to come , inventing more ways to reduce the cost for health... Tackling this fast aging problem is tremendously because it is hard to be eliminated absolutely .
To tackle these issues commonly encountered by these elderly people , the government has been putting in considerable effort towards alleviating their problems .
The solutions in which Singapore has adopted and the policies that they have implemented aims to help the aged lead a more comfortable life .
A liberal country such as America operates in the form of nuclear families whereby the young adults leave their parents at an early age in search for their new home .
( Diderich , 2005 ) Thus , it will be very difficult for them to take care of their parents on a day-to-day basis .
In Singapore , a significant legislation known as the " Maintenance of Parents Act " in 1995 requires children to support their parents during the latter 's old age which has the effect of preventing problems related to the neglect of elderly parents .
( Khalik , 2009 ) Such a forward-looking policy helps to ensure adequate care and concern for the elderly , helping to ease their aging process .
In Singapore , cost of living is high , in particular , medical cost .
The government has thus taken measures to counter these problems such as setting up the Central Provident Fund ( CPF ) so as to allow people to save when they are economically active .
( Sarkar , 2009 ) These savings can be set aside for retirement purposes so that they can be self-dependent .
This is worsened by the fact many older workers have relatively lower education levels .
On the contrary , we can also tap on the vast experience and knowledge of the older workers who can then continue to contribute as economically productive members of society and help sustain the creation of the " silver industry " targeted at older people .
( Princeton , 2007 ) In addition to that , the Ministry of Manpower ( MOM ) launched the " People-for Jobs Traineeship Programme " to help older workers who are prepared to take on a second career .
( Chia , 2001 ) This programme provides tax subsidies and grants to companies who re-trains older workers to help them be re-deployed effectively and to remain gainfully employed .
In conclusion , although the aged in Singapore faces increasing number of problems each day , the government is actually implementing many policies , funding , facilities , programmes and services such as the Central Provident Fund Scheme to ease the problems the aged faces .
In the light the above , current research and governmental policies have , to a large extent , helped ease the aging process .
This increases much pressure to the government when dealing with every aspect like economic issues , or infrastructure systems .
Despite some opposite opinions on how science makes aging a serious problem in many societies , the benefits of science brings to ease this process seems to severely outweigh its detriments .
The discovery of gene activation or brain reaction to environmental factors has little practice in comparison with money spent on the research , which can be more efficient to be spent on healthcare services and retirement pension .
This gene when activated can produce some types of proteins relating to diseases of the aged ( BBC news , 2000 ) .
This has led a way for scientists to find treatment , such as in 2009 , Frank LaFerla and Mathew Blurton-Jones of the UC Irvene have found a potential treatment for Alzheimer 's disease by using neutral stem cell .
In this point , there might be arguments that the new technique , if available , will results in a larger number of old people , increasing pressure to an already aged and crowded population .
This may not be a way to stop aging process of a population , but is likely to be a good way to ease the stress and difficulties both government and each individual have to face .
Science with the invention of many toxic chemicals either used for fertilizer , pesticides or nuclear weapons , are responsible for higher infertility rate in human and many mutants babies born .
However , though it is undeniably true how chemicals increase mutation in tissues , it is still unclear whether infertility rate of human beings can rise due to chemical usage .
While this seems to be a controversial issue , on the other hand , a large quantity of babies is born from infertile couples .
This can be achieved thanks biology and medical science , as well as new technology .
It is estimated that more than 100,000 babies have been born through in vitro fertilization ( Trounson and Gardner , 2000 , 4 ) .
Aging process , though having many negative influences globally , may be eased with the help of new science applied to technology .
According to the UN , life expectancy is projected to reach 76 globally over the next half century , and fertility rate is also predicted to drop more than a half from 5.0 to 2.1 children per woman globally by 20501 .
It 's called global aging and it threatens to bankrupt the great powers " 2 .
As a result , the social economy will be affected dramatically in a negative way , one of which is the lack of labour force .
This essay will discuss about some suggested solutions to the lack of labour force problem that the demographic aging issue brings about based on the context of Singapore .
Initially , increasing the certain age of retirement would alleviate the burden of aging population .
In addition , the more time elder people can work , the more savings or pension they will have to secure their life sufficiently at the old age without being dependent on their children or the governmental fund .
The policy , however , has its own hinders .
Later retirement could cause a decrease in productivity because old people tend to be less healthy or less up-to-date with the new technology , information than the younger ones .
Secondly , the attempt to raise the fertility rates could also be one the possible solutions .
In fact , this solution somehow could ensure the economy that it would be sufficient new generation of workforce to provide for the labour market when it comes to the time for the previous generation to get retired .
how to ensure that there will be enough space for all people to accommodate in a condition of land scarcity , especially in Singapore , a country with total area of 710.2 square kilometres .
But in recent years , the Singapore 's government has put more effort to tackle the housing issue , which can be seen through HDB 's building programme to provide more public housing for residential use and allow citizens to make loans up to 80 % of the value of the flat to make it more affordable for everyone .
As aforementioned above , in the mean time for the next new generation of workforce , the government can consider employing immigrants for a short period of 10 or 20 years .
This solution seems to have been adapted fairly well by the Singapore 's government since the beginning of the 21st century , and the immigrant workers have been closely associated with the economic development of the country .
Plus , since a lot of immigrant workers with different nationalities , their skills might not be similar or adequate enough to meet with the requirement of the jobs .
To solve the problem , a new standard of skills for immigrants should be established or the government should have the immigrant workers re-trained for the country 's purposes although it might take time and quite lots of money .
In conclusion , the problem of aging population is rather a problem of rigid and outmoded policies and institutions than only a problem of a demographic change .
Policies need to be developed that account for the natural incentives individuals have to adjust their behaviour in the face of aging population .
Today , aging problem starts to draw people 's attention .
Firstly , aging problem can lead to many economics issues .
It can cause low in labour force and population .
Therefore , later retirement are encouraged by the writer of " A Graying World " ( page 8,paragraph 4 ) .
People who aged over 35 are considered old .
For example like employers should be fined heftily if they are found out they refuse to employ people whom they consider " old " .
Besides , aging can lead to low population .
Some of them even refuse to give birth because they think that children are burden .
As people get older , they are facing more and more health problem like kidney failure and other chronic diseases .
For example like machine for radiotherapy , dialysis , etc have helped people to recover from the sicknesses .
However , not every people are afforded to undergo such treatment because they need to pay up to thousand bucks in order to undergo such treatments .
Besides , scientists start create more healthy food through bioengineering , that is , the gene of the food can be altered so that the nutrition of certain food can be levelled up .
For example like scientist altered a gene of tomato so that the vitamin " folate " can be levelled up .
Thirdly , the introduction of many new medicines has helped to ease aging problem .
Furthermore , besides medicine that uses to treat sickness , there are supplements which can make our body to become healthier .
For example like pill vitamin , iron , calcium , etc .
In conclusion , aging problem is getting more serious , therefore , we have to pay more attention to this topic so that the problem can be eased .
The increase in number of aged people has seriously slowed down the development of country and burdened the government in terms of healthcare and financial aid packages for the elderly .
The Singapore government has set up the Central Provident Fund ( CPF ) , one of the many pension funds around the world , which requires employees to save almost 12 % of their income in their CPF accounts.1 The money can not be withdrawn except for housing , education , investments or medical care purposes .
However , Adam Smith ( 1766 ) suggests that government should not interfere with the free trade of society.2 Trade should be free from affectation as the policy has been speculated that it reduces cash flow , and in turn reduces purchasing power .
Department head should be of the elder ones so that they can impart their experience to the young worker .
The payoff of this investment is a highly efficient and the productive workforce .
Not only that , better working environments should be provided for the elder workers .
These costs are on an average of $ 34,000 per year.4 Working from home is another option that can be considered .
If one looks back into the past just only 20 to 30 years ago , he/she can see a big step in the improvement of life quality thanks to the rapid development of modern technology .
However , the question is whether we are ready for the increase in aging population or not ?
We usually hear Singaporeans complaining about stress , primarily from work or from education system .
All of those troubles that the appliance of this policy bringing about may outweigh the benefits .
Though the elders have a lot of experience , they may not work as effectively and make decision as quickly as the younger generations do .
There may not be enough jobs for both young and old people , especially in down turn economy like today .
Therefore , finally , government may need to spend a large amount of money on creating incentives for companies to hire old people , namely : tax reduction , subsidy for each elder employed , etc .
Moreover , old people may not strong enough to withstand the stress at work and the cost for healthcare and insurance for old working people will surpass the profit , which all companies try to earn as much as they can .
Having such advanced technology in the current world , the aging population will be expecting a longer health life expectancy .
Despite of these economic constraints , there is still an urgent need for the government to increase the amount of children per household to replace the huge retiring labor force in order to maintain the economic growth within a country .
With these policies in place , infertile couples will less likely to be a burden to the social and economic aspect of an aging population .
" Nevertheless , this is a difficult task as the efficiency and productivity of elderly workers decreases relative to their increase in age .
These schemes will equip the aging community with sufficient technological/technical knowledge to remain productive and efficient in the labor force despite of their disadvantages .
With these in place , the impact of aging population on the social and economic aspects will be greatly reduced .
Such policies include social policy like increasing the retirement age , allowing more work age immigrants into the country and introducing retirement scheme to ease basic needs after retirement .
Karen Holden ( 2003 ) suggests that as people work longer , it can help to reduce the likelihood of elderly falling into poverty when they reach a certain age .
On the other hand , the increase in retirement age does not necessary mean that people will be able to maximize their working years as some might be faced with health issues even before their retirement age .
Forcing oneself to work beyond his/her limit might cause one 's health to further deteriorate and contribute negative impact to the economy .
Graying population has created pressure for younger generation as the ratio of young adults supporting one elderly has been constantly decreasing .
Therefore , allowing more work age immigrants into the country may be one of the social policies that can help to ease the aging process .
Increasing the number of work age immigrants will help to lower the median age of the population and at the same time , result in a rise in the efficiency level because of a more competitive workforce .
On the contrary , such policy can lead to social problems as the increased competition can result in citizens losing their job to the foreign immigrants and eventually causes them to lose confidence and feel demoralized .
Policy to introduce retirement scheme is also believed to be one of the factors in easing aging process .
Take Singapore as an example , the government make it compulsory that every working adults must contribute a certain percentage of their monthly income into their individual CPF ( Central Provident Fund ) account in preparation for retirement .
This retirement scheme helps to reduce pressure on the economy as it allows the elderly to have a considerable sum of money in future to support themselves .
People classified under lower income group will usually face problem with insufficient savings and will ultimately still need support from the government .
In summary , Social policies such as increasing in retirement age might result in lesser dependency on the younger generation while lowering the barrier of work age immigrants will decrease the median age of the population and lastly , the introduction of retirement scheme can allow people to save for their retirement .
Therefore , it can be concluded that social policies do play a part , to a large extent , in easing aging process .
The concerns that will be discussed if funds should be put into funding education and its facilities , and the growth of the country itself is of a more paramount significance with regards to the country 's development .
Afonso 's view supports my stand that public funds should be diverting into education system is fundamental .
In this case , government can help parents to save whilst upbringing their children , this provides sufficient support due to aid by government for educating children .
With support provided by government to educate children , parents can save a substantial amount while allowing their children to receive education .
Conversely , as stated by Mackenzie ( 2009 ) , Canadians benefit typically $ 17,000 from the public services from tax funds , about the same amount a Canadian working full-time would earn .
In addition , economic growth can come about through diverting funds into more valuable area like education .
At the beginning of 21st century , we have to deal with a series of global issues , among them the aging population should be considered as a black spot .
Not only putting adverse impacts on other members in their families , the elder people day to day cause many troubles to societies'developments in general .
Beside the expense for societal aging , there are also sponsors from the government which need be diverted to other fields .
For these reasons , it should be better if the money pent on the aged is deliberately limited for investing on many critical factors of the national economy .
Besides , during their adolescence , probably time for studying and various kinds of indoor entertainment such as movies or PC games contrained them from joining in outdoor activities and unintentionally stole the essential fundamentals for their health afterwards .
Moreover , because of the unawareness of humans , our damaged environment is really pushing us to the verge of the extinction .
However , once such taxes are applied , the poors unexpectedly become the first victims .
Furthermore , due to high taxes , the reduced incomes of citizens could have negative impacts on their purchase and in the same way , the domestic market and the economy in general might be caused a lot of trouble .
Countries with extended programs serving for health care to the aged might find the escalation in the cost when the number of recipients rises .
By 2050 , some economists predict that the fiscal burden of the financial crisis , for advanced countries , will be only about 10 percent of the ageing-related expense .
For this reason , too much money paid for caring the graying population means the shortage of concern on other essential areas .
Compared to other countries such as USA , Singapore does not have as much money reserves , therefore it is not feasible .
Unlimited public spending on the aged would only pose as a long-term problem for the nation .
With the occurrence and wide spread of mutant viruses and disease , medical research serves a greater purpose for survival of the infected patients and drugs can be manufactured in large quantity and be easily available for them .
Therefore , public spending on medical science not only benefits the aged but also for people of those who are diagnosed with virus or diseases .
If Singapore fails to maintain good relationship with these countries , our lives will be in jeopardy without water .
In conclusion , the government should limit public spending on the aged and focus more on the major future developments which can help Singapore tackle the main problems that the majority of the local population faces , and also the roots of the aging population .
In the context of Singapore , given the socio-economic and political disparity between the possible usages of the fund , the funding for elderly issue remains controversial .
Budget Speech 2009 reveals the measures the Government is going use to sustain the property market ( Singapore Government , 2009 ) .
A 40 % property tax rebate for industrial and commercial properties for 2009 will require about $ 800 million of national budget ( Singapore Government , 2009 ) .
These expenditures require the Government to explore possible ways to further utilize national budget in order to continue to develop the nation .
With the power of knowledge and advance technology , the nation can improve its economy and ensure the well-being of current and future generations of older people is taken care of .
Public spending on elderly in Singapore is carefully designed , so as to provide the needs of the aged in the best possible way , but the fund is insufficient to support the growing aging population .
Medifund Silver is introduced to provide means-tested socialized care for the elderly needy ( Ministry of Finance , 2008 ) .
Ministry of Finance ( 2008 ) states that the Government will be providing $ 226 million in Medisave top-ups for 734,000 elderly in the nation , this amount of assistance cost breaks down to about $ 290 per elderly .
On an individual basis , elderly are ill-equipped to withstand the possibility of contracting a terminal disease , from the calculations from Ministry of Health ( 2009 ) , a $ 2,227 treatment bill on heart attack is likely to devastate most retirees .
To increase the livelihood of elderly , Dr Balakrishnan ( 2007 ) announces an increment of $ 30 for elderly living alone with no dependents will receive Public Assistance allowance of $ 290 per month .
Aging population becomes a ubiquitous trend in many developed countries such as Japan .
The idea that reserving retirement fund in advance can ease the aging process is regarded as an efficient and feasible method to the government ( Peterson , 2001 ) .
However , some still think that the younger generation and the government are responsible to deal with the problem coming with aging population .
For example , in a Singaporean middle class family , a young couple usually has two to four children and lives in a governmental or private house with mortgage .
In this harsh situation , the elderly parents who have no incomes and no savings become a big financial strain to the young .
When the young are exposed to both financial and emotional stresses , they can not concentrate on work .
Some people think that the government has obligation to help the elderly by providing financial aid .
It seems that the young can shift the liability and solve the financial problem , but these excessive government subsidies will result in draining the public purse quickly .
On the contrary , the government should compel people to save a certain portion of their incomes into special retirement accounts before they reach retirement age and allow the owners to withdraw the money when they retire .
Singaporean government has been doing well in this respect .
All Singaporean must save 5 percent of their total incomes and their employers contribute additional 20 percent into a government retirement account .
There are two reasons that the Singaporean government to do so .
Aging population is a social problem as well as an individual problem .
The government has responsibility to help and guide the public to plan their retirement life .
Providing retirement fund in advance is a long term project and this can only be achieved by raising public consciousness .
Public spending should be limited to a certain degree so that budget would be diverted to different areas such as education , research and development , tourism industry and transportation system of the country .
In most countries , education is considered to be one of the fundamental sector that the country 's government can develop and improve on .
For that reason , the process of education is considered to be essential for the development our society such that every child has to go through a minimum ten years of basic education .
It is crucial that the country have a good education system for a better future economic development .
However , on the other hand , though should be limited , adequate percentage of public spending for the aged should be allocated fairly .
So , does this means that they are to die ?
This problem would continue to get worst every year if there is an inadequate attention paid .
Though it is important to solve the problem of the graying society , we should limit our public spending in this sector so that we can allow more budget on the other aspects of a country 's development , such as the transportation infrastructure .
In conclusion , public spending on the aged should be limited to the certain percentage that is adequate for the welfare of the aged .
By putting a limit for the spending on the aged , we can create more budgets to spend on the education , research and development , tourism industry and transportation system as they are equally important to our nation .
Current researches and development/polices have indeed ease the aging process but only to a small extent .
The aging issues that today 's elderly faces include active life expectancy , diet/nutrition , disease prevention , health behaviors and beliefs , health service utilization , mental health , long term care and etc .
This is necessary to help ease aging process .
These treatments will be helpful because people get increasingly susceptible to chronic illness .
In context of Singapore , to address this issue , various financial health care schemes like Medisave and Medishield are implemented to help lessen the financial burden for the elderly .
Technology and its advancements have given medical science the forefront to ease aging process .
Research has found out that by taking nutritional supplements on a daily basis can provide significantly health benefits for the elderly , reducing the possibilities of them falling sick .
There are current on-going researches on the different types of dietary supplements that can reverse disease , improve the overall health of the elderly and help them to live a longer , happier life .
This in term slow down the ageing process and promoting a healthy lifestyle .
Preventive measures can be taken by referencing medical brochures/guides , or consulting the doctor on the suitable type of supplements to consume if one has medical history .
Such well-tested medical products have help to ease the aging process .
When people grow older , they have to cope with the physical , mental and emotional stresses of being ? old ? .
These stresses will cause negative influences on health as it affects our body functions .
However , social policy can address such issue to make aging process less painful for the elderly .
By exercising , elderly improves their overall health and helps to prevent chronic diseases .
Social networking helps elderly battle against loneliness and makes new friends .
However , social policy has to be revised timely to address the changing needs of the elderly .
However , the easing of aging process does not only depend on the above factors .
So what type of foods should elderly consume ?
According to Neilmark ( 2008 ) , ? The foods that decrease inflammation in the body are called " anti-inflammatory foods .
According to Neilmark ( 2008 ) , he defined it as ? Eat fewer calories .
In conclusion , current research and development/polices has helped to ease aging process but only to a small extent .
Technology can be used as a solution to cope the current healthcare challenges we are faced with .
While the advancement in healthcare industry can help prevent diseases and other consequences of aging , medicine along is inadequate .
Ageing population is currently a global phenomenon that occurs in many parts of the world .
In Singapore , where there is a reasonably low birth rate and top-notch health care which helps prolong people 's lives , population aging is inevitable , hence being prospective-looking , the strategy that is feasible would be to reallocate of funds and attention on other areas , in particular , Education and Tourism .
This will indirectly help to solve some of the problems posed by ageing population , as it will help to reduce elderly dependency and changing Singapore into an independent society where elderly will be less reliant on the government .
Therefore , by reallocating more funds and attention to this industry , it will bring about a positive change in the Singapore tourism industry and economic as a whole .
This win-win situation will allow Singapore to embrace itself for the future challenges and reduce elderly dependency .
Nonetheless , the decision to divert funds to other area 's for development such as education and tourism will be the most viable one , solely because of the fact that not only does it help with Singapore 's development , but also coping with challenges that arises with a ageing population indirectly with time to come .
This is the time when the psychological practitioners and the government have to step in to help easing the aging process of the elderly .
They have problems getting promoted or hired because of their age , and also afraid of being asked to retire earlier , causing them to have work pressure .
It is this kind of misconception they possess which causes their mental illness worsen .
A professional person , in this case , the psychologists , can offer help by counselling the elderly and giving them useful advices to encourage them that they are not the group of people who always require special help from the others , and also to let them feel that they are accepted by the society .
Government can help easing the aging process of the elderly through implementation of social policies which encourage later retirement , longer working life and lower barrier for the employment of the elderly ( Peterson , 2001 ) .
The aging workforce will then decrease the work productivity and lower nation 's economic development .
There are still a portion of elderly persons who aged successfully .
The working experiences of some elderly individuals can be made good assets to the development of the society .
Although it has become an arising issue that the aging population will bring a great impact to the society and also the economic growth of the country , more emphasis should be given to the older generation , as they are important assets to the nation .
There are three broad aspects of problems associated with aging process , namely the physical , emotional and financial aspect .
First , elderly have weaker health and are more susceptible to chronic illnesses .
Last , elderly loss income on retirement , therefore , they have to depend on their savings or children for their expenses .
In cases where elderly can not support themselves financially and their children refuse to take care of them , Maintenance of Parents Act had been implemented in 1996 .
On the contrary , " elderly will use between three and five times more health-care services compared to younger generation " ( Straits Times , 2007 ) , thus Medisave would be still inadequate to assist most of the elderly in their course of aging .
These statistics have proven that population aging is enduring and this mean that tackling the challenges that come along with it is a long term process for the government and government spending on the aged will continue to increase .
Therefore , it is important for the government to develop policies like the Central Provident Fund Scheme that help the government to limit spending and assist the elderly to be self sufficient at the same time .
In order to have a well-trained workforce to cope with the knowledge-base driven economy of the 21st century , the government has to pump in more funds to ensure that the people are receiving a more all-rounded education through introducing more extensively planned academic programs , building more educational institutions and hiring and training more educators .
In order to become a world-class city , the government has to pump in funds to rejuvenate and upgrade existing areas for living and working , creating more recreational spaces and continue to develop the commercial and industrial sectors .
With a demand of higher standard of living , the government may have to divert more public spending to look after the increasing needs of the aged .
Everyone has a responsibility to assist seniors living among us and people need to change their mindset that the elderly are a burden to the society where in actual fact , the elderly are the knowledgeable and experienced resources of the society .
According to UN ( United Nations ) the number of elderly people has tripled in the past 50 years and will continue to rise in the near future .
Thus , their only solution is to turn to government for assistance .
With such high volume of tourists , more hotel rooms are required to accommodate them .
With no natural attractions and little resources , Singapore has no choice but to create man-made attractions such as resorts and casinos , or coming up with attractions that is only attractive to foreigners .
In order to achieve such goals , more resources should be pumped into the education system , such as providing additional funds to needy students , which allows them to break out of their poverty cycle ; improving the infrastructures of schools and universities ; and recruiting more teachers .
With a better education system , it allows Singaporeans to enter the workforce with better skills and increases their employability , thus preventing the problems that current elderly are facing now .
To cope with the increasing population , more high-rise residential buildings known as HDB flats are built .
Without limiting , it will cause over dependence on the government , worsening the current situation in the near future .
If public spending is allocated on areas such as housing , education and tourism , the new generation will be more financially secure than their parents .
It will also help Singaporeans to stay ahead and be competitive in terms of employability and marketability , furthermore contributing to the country 's GDP growth which helps in the overall country development in the long term .
In 2007 , one of Financial Times 's reporters once mentioned that with the low fertility rate and an increased in life expectancy , Singapore would soon have only 2.2 workers to support each elderly person [ i ] .
With such a low number of working adults to support the elderly , there would be a need for the government to at least remain at its current expenditure on the aged .
Though public spending should be used fully on the aged , there are other areas of concern that the government money should divert to , such as the healthcare system .
Recently , Singapore Prime Minister , Mr Lee Hsein Loong , had stressed the need for step down care system [ ii ] during his National Day Rally Speech for the nation 's 44th birthday .
The step-down care system requires Singapore acute hospital to link with community hospitals [ iii ] , this , in turn , will enable long term illness patient to enjoy a suitable care while saving money on hospital fees .
However , Singapore should not make use of budget for the aged to improvise other areas .
This is because Singapore will be suffering from aging population by the time it reaches year 2030 .
Though government had encouraged children in fulfilling filial obligations of taking care of their parents , with their own family to take care of , children of these elderly would not be able to bare the financial burden .
For the past decades , Singapore government had been emphasizing the value of self reliance on its citizen despite the economic ups and downs .
Policies , such as the Central Provident Fund ( CPF ) , had been implemented to ensure that Singaporeans are able to support themselves after retirement .
An extreme example would be the grandfather uses and depletes the CPF account of the parents , and when the children grow and their parents suffer from long term illness , such as diabetes , they may use their CPF account if they do not have sufficient cash on-hand .
In the above paragraph , the vicious cycle occurs when the elderly depends on her children but what will happen to the elderly if the children refuse to fulfil their filial obligations .
However , for most cases , welfare organisations can only help to the extent of getting daily necessities for them .
This is because donations from publics are used to support the basic daily operations of these organizations , thus leaving little or nothing to help these old folks financially .
This , therefore , requires a further assistance from their next supporting pillar : the government .
Though decades of self-reliance had taught Singaporeans to stand firm and learnt to support themselves and their family solely , now they can no longer do so .
With the rising cost of medical facilities , elderly with the supports of their children could longer rely on their own CPF accounts and their children income to pay the fees .
If such scenarios are already occurring to those elderly with family , the situation would be worse for old folks who have no one to turn to except for the government .
If the government refuses to help these people who had once contributed to the country , who can they rely ?
Moreover , one will become physically weak as one aged and this will lead a higher tendency to cause a lesion in oneself .
Thus , accessibility in the built environment is especially crucial as the number of people with mobility difficulties will increase significantly over the next 25 years in Singapore ( BCA , 2009 & An Ageing Population Calls for Restructure of Healthcare System , 2007 ) .
Consequently , the government has implemented several policies to lessen the burden of ageing process while researchers have come up with brilliant inventions to increase the convenience and comfort level for the majority .
However , the alleviation of ageing process is putting a strain on users ' pockets financially even though the introduction of the facilities benefits them in term of comfort and convenience .
Although the residents have to pay to enjoy the benefits of convenience , the amount of benefits enjoyed by the residents are definitely more than the value that they have to fork out , in terms of long-term usage .
Thus , there will be no need for them to climb the staircase which they might have the tendency to fall when using it .
On the contrary , with the alteration made to the flats , the elders might rely too much on the lifts rather than using the staircase which could be the only form of exercises for them .
Thus , the convenience might unintentionally exacerbate the health of one being due to the lack of exercises .
Besides that , other countries such as Japan that is facing ageing population problems have spent hefty amount on researching and testing on technologies to create healthy lifestyle products and medical equipment .
Technologies invention has played another imperative role to ease the process of ageing .
Numerous innovations have been revolving to ease the problems faced by everyone .
In addition , there is a robotic suit that reads brain signals and helps people with mobility problem ( The " NursingTimes " , Robotic Suit Aims to Aid Mobility in the Elderly , 2009 ) launching in Japan, .
( The " NursingTimes " , Robotic Suit Aims to Aid Mobility in the Elderly , 2009 ) .
To sum up , the current researches have done a marvelous job on inventing new technologies that have helped to ease the ageing process of elders and disabled .
The advanced technologies have proven to enhance the comfort zone with the sophisticated medical equipment and lifestyle electronic products .
Over the past few decades the pace of evolution of technological advances has increased significantly .
The average life expectancy has also increased , meaning that the elderly population will form a majority of the population mix .
Thanks to modern research and development , the aging process has been made lesser painful not only to the elderly , but to the societies as well .
As a person age , physical changes in one 's body occurs and their functions degrade with time .
It was observed that more than one third of the elderly falls each year , and the chances of falling increases proportionately with age , and that three quarters of elderly falls were caused by " non-elderly friendly " design flaws of buildings .
Therefore , a prevention measure , in the form of upgrading public facilities is implemented to prevent this from happening .
This can be achieved through introduction of inventions such as steps-free buses , which helped ease the difficulty of elderly climbing up the steps of the bus .
Architectural design with elderly friendly considerations will be crucial so that the chances of an injury in their homes will be kept to a minimal .
There were also observed increase in usage of slip free tiles in wet markets , a place frequented by the elderly .
Furthermore , people , being a country 's most valuable asset who has once contributed to the economy during their prime , should be entitled to all these inventions which will make their age transition less painful .
The government faces great challenges as the increased in the proportion of elderly aged 65 years and above grew from 7.4 percent in the year 2003 to 8.5 percent in the year 2007 [ Singapore Resident Population , 2003-2007 .
As the world develops , progresses in medical science as well as other fields have enabled the human race to make suitable changes .
The Family Court of Singapore has established laws to ensure that an adult child has put forth effort to support their own parents through informal and familial channels , for example : Parents Maintenance Act .
Thus , this gives an impression to the old aged that they are redundant and useless in the society .
Low self-esteem grew in the hearts of the elderly can cause psychological instability , especially when they were the head of the family in the past .
This drastic change has caused the elderly to be unable to keep up with the pace of the society .
This sharp reduction in labour growth is expected to cause average GDP expansion to slow to 3.9 per cent between 2006 and 2030 , down from 6.9 per cent from 1981 to 2005 .
Defence which the government has spent quite a huge sum on aims to protect the nation from increased threats of other countries and education that is important in grooming the future leaders of society are just some examples of other areas of the government 's expenditure .
These unhappy events will involve the deterioration of the health as well as the occurrence of mental and physical disturbance .
But of course , it is not responsible for anyone to say that the older generations should be taking care of themselves and not bother others is n't it ?
Therefore , the combination of both sides has helped ageing process to be at ease .
Nowadays , in the Singapore context , we have special entrance and places for the disabled older generations in MRT .
All these infrastructure allows the older generation to have more freedom in their action and do not need to compete with the younger generations .
Thirdly , the search for foreign talents is often considered as higher priority compared to the employment of older generations when it comes to country development .
This results in the lack of employment by the older generation and thus they will have financial issues to support themselves .
Although incentives are given to companies who hire local older generation workers , the upgrading of skills of the older generation has been done as well in order for them to be more competitive in the job market .
Imagine , how would life be for the older generation now if we are still using methods from a few decades ago ?
As the baby boomers are now approaching their senior years , there is an obsession for youth of beauty .
The negative effects of aging are major problems which the aging population is facing As people get older , it becomes more difficult for them to complete their daily task due to the loss of muscles and strength and health problems such as diabetes , cancer and dementia are commonly found .
Christiaan Leeuwenburgh , Ph.D. , an associate professor of aging and geriatric research at the UF College of Medicine stated that with lower calorie intake and moderate exercise program , significant signs of dysfunction in the aging process are found in key organ such as the liver ( Christiaan Leeuwenburgh , 2006 ) .
It is amazing to see a sixty year old woman exercising at a gym and dressing like a fourty year old working adult .
However , if the person maintains a positive attitude and live a healthy lifestyle , the aging process could be slowed down .
Therefore , this shows that research and development and policies are not the only factors that reduce the aging process , the mindset and attitude of a person is also a contributing factor which delays the aging process .
According to John Kressaty ( 2008 ) , the head chemist at 3Lab,Inc who was in charge of the product h " Serum , an age defying booster , supported that clinical studies has shown with the use of this technology , there was a fifty percent reduction in the depth of the wrinkles after using the product for four weeks .
A declining rate of population and a longer life expectancy results in an aging population , causing a high dependency ratio in some countries .
However , it should be noted that the limitation should not be too much till the extent that the aged are neglected and are not being provided with the basic needs of living .
The general perception is that over public spending on the aged would lead to over-dependency of them on the government .
In Singapore , the government pumped in huge sums of money to build the two Integrated Resorts and host the Grand Prix Formula One night race to promote tourism and investments , leading to an increase in revenue .
This is so as the wealth may not be distributed appropriately and furthermore , there is always uncertainty in investments and returns are not guaranteed .
New cures of diseases may also be invented , like the Alzheimer 's disease , which is a common illness among the elderly and it does not have an exact cure at present .
This would thus benefits the elderly who would require an increasing need for healthcare services .
It is thus necessary for the government to subsidy healthcare costs in ensuring the availability and affordability of these services .
However , we should also keep in mind that infrastructure developments do not only apply to improve the economy , but also to improve and bring convenience to the lives to the people , especially the aged .
Some money should be set aside to provide the basic housing and transport elder- friendly facilities in our society , for example to build lifts with grab- bars and lower the platform of the buses .
Although the government 's spending on the aged may be minimised to develop a country 's infrastructure for greater economic benefits , there should be at least some effort by the government to satisfy the social needs of the older citizens by building an elder-friendly place , making a comfortable place for them to live in .
In conclusion , public spending on the aged should be limited as over- provision would cause over-reliance of the elderly and leads to an inefficient and low productive workforce and population .
The money could have been put into better uses by diverting to other productive developments to improve the country 's economy and overall standard of living .
Today , with constant breakthrough in medical research and development as well as reassessment in the social policies , the aging process has been eased for many .
This is extremely helpful to the aging population and especially for women who are known to be more concern about their outward appearance .
The improvements in appearance may relief the emotional stress of aging and gain further access to many opportunities .
Nonetheless as time pass , new technologies are constantly being introduced and the prices of relatively older aesthetic procedures will eventually become more affordable to the majority of the aging population .
In Singapore , the government has reassessed the ElderShield policy in year 2007 .
According to Singapore 's Ministry of Health , the policy is an affordable severe disability insurance scheme which provides basic financial to those who require long-term care during old age .
As the population age , it is more difficult for them to work as efficiently as before and their market value also falls .
Despite the introduction of these policies , there are still some elderly who are excluded in these schemes .
Although the current social policies can help to build up the financial capability of the aging population and make their aging process easier , there remain a group unprotected .
Therefore , the different social policies are introduced to complement one another so as to ensure the entire aging population receives a form of financial support when they are in need .
The policies intends to cater to benefit as many aged as possible and thus it is possibly true to say that the technologies and the policies have helped the majority of aging population to cope with their problems more effectively today .
The advance of technology and science has brought both opportunities and challenges to our society .
One of the difficulties is the increasing life expectancy , the result of considerable life quality 's improvement , which leads to the growing burden on economics in developed countries over the years .
Based on Singapore context , veterans ' retirement saving scheme is a feasible solution to ease the aging issue but there are still some troubles needed to be carefully analysed .
The Central Provident Fund ( CPF ) in Singapore is inclusive social saving plan that require savings from the labour force in order to prepare better for aging population in retirement , health care , home ownership and family protection in the future .
The fact that it may cause serious troubles for financial resources and caring from young generation when the aging population changes rapidly urges people to alter the way they support themselves .
( Singapore CPF Board , 2009 ) In addition , Singapore 's aging population might decrease 3 percentage segment of long-term economic growth and the elderly support programme from Government could cost more than 7 % of GDP according to the recent national report .
Having the fastest demographic change , but by applying the sensible planning and policies , currently , Singapore 's CPF achieves the highest exposure than any other retirement plan in Asia and adds from 16.3 to 30.4 % to Gross National savings rate .
( Asher , 1995 ) Alleviating the aging structure , the contributions to these savings are deductible in Singapore as the Governments aim to basic needs and medical expenses security and stability for aging population .
However , more effort need to be put into strategic planning for bridging the retirement saving gaps as this , basically , is a method of short-term saving on one generation perspective only .
The debates on this national strategy also lie on the ownership of the money raised in this government programme and the incorporation from a part of employees and employers .
All in all , the result of retirement saving scheme is acceptable in the society as a whole and it is an undeniably necessary step we need to make to cope up with the burden from speedily aging population .
Singapore has a low population and a transparent administration in compared to other Asian countries to attain high workability from this programme and hopefully , it can reach the higher level of living condition when the health care and employability policies are implemented .
Therefore , we emphasize that public spending on the elderly is not totally absent but limited .
Also , this increased integration would also mean people are able to travel between countries more easily , bringing about tourism which is a highly profitable and marketable economy sector , therefore the need for public spending on hotels , recreational facilities , and etc .
Being a country highly dependent on the foreign market and MNCs , Singapore has a need for better skilled workers in the future as competition is bound to reach more advanced levels .
Hence , there is a need for public spending on it in terms of better training for teachers , better school facilities such as advanced technological equipments and schemes for an all rounded curriculum .
All children born on or after 17 August 2008 will also enjoy government contributions in the form of a dollar-for-dollar matching for the amount of savings contribute to the child 's Children Development Account ( CDA ) " .
For example , Singapore has a well connected system of foster homes and hospices providing elderly with a comfortable environment in preparing them for the afterlife .
What is therefore needed is a wise planning for limited yet sufficient public spending on the aged so that money can be diverted to other areas of the country 's development .
On top of that , the government has implemented mandatory schemes like Central Provident Funds to ensure that all Singaporeans have sufficient amount of money for the later parts of their lives .
Human aging is known to be a continuous , complex and dynamic process where it will start with birth and end with death .
Everyone will eventually grow old and experience the effect of the aging process .
Even though it is a natural process , which every individual know that he or she will have to undergo , many still fear the process of aging and dying .
The development of anti-aging medicine such as anti-aging injections , special mineral waters and other products and services like hormones replacement has helped to slow down the fundamental process of human aging and prolong human life .
Anti-aging injections such as Botox is one of the anti-aging medicines that many elderly especially the older women are depending on as a solution for youth .
For most majorities , physical appearances are usually the first sign of aging ; hence , look-conscious individuals turn to Botox when they want to retain their look or to look even better when they aged .
Hence , only when they look physically good , they will feel good emotionally as well .
Therefore , they might turn to counterfeit product that may even cause more harm to their body .
This will not pose as a threat as it can be overcome with strict regulation by the authorities on anti-aging medicines .
Besides the complexity amount of anti-aging medicine available in the market , the advanced technology has also helped to ease a generation into old age despite the fact that some elderly might not be able to accept these complex technologies .
From simple gadgets to complex computer system , marketers are developing almost everything to ensure that elderly do not face any difficulties in the transiting process .
For example , some luxury car company such as Lincoln offers night vision that projects an infrared image of the road within the car .
With such invention , failing eyesight will not be the reason to stop them from driving ; therefore , they will not feel emotionally affected by inability to drive .
Elderly often perceive that old age is a barrier for them to continue doing things that they like because there is a big difference in them , physically .
However , this is not always true because technology can overcome some obstacles that they faced during the aging process .
For instances , at the Institute of Technology 's AgeLab in Massachusetts , they invented shoes with battery-powered vibrating soles that will stimulate nerve to improve balance for the elderly .
As there are many other complications if an elderly were to fall down , such invention helps to prevent elderly from falling down .
According to Stansfeld ( 1998 ) , loneliness , lack of social support and isolation are identifies as major risk factors that combined increase the risk of stressful life events in old age .
Therefore , policymakers need to implement new policies to ensure that elderly enjoy a happy yet productive life even when they age .
Indeed , current research and development in areas like medicine and technology and the implementation of new social policies have helped to lessen the discomfort that the aging process will cause among the elderly to only a large extent .
Moreover , they need to adopt an attitude that refuses to succumb to the traditional stereotypes of them as the process of aging is controlled by one 's belief thinking and system .
In additional , individual 's effort like getting sufficient sleep and nutrition have to be put in to slow down the aging process physically and mentally .
In conclusion , the actual age does not inhibit one 's ability to living life to the fullest .
With the right mind and attitude , one can easily and comfortably overcome the aging process especially with the aid of the latest medicine and technology available in the market as they played an important role in helping to ease the aging process .
Remember the old adage , " Take The Bull By The Horns " ?
This saying used in the ageing process implies that we must do everything in our power to look into the difficulties faced as we aged and grapple it .
This has been a vital issue globally because slowing down and easing the aging process can extend our life expectancy and live life at a more comfortable level .
To deal with such challenges , research and development as well as implementation of policies have come into the picture .
Architectural aspect is one of the fields in research and development that plays an essential part for the aged .
In additional , social policies have also played a major part in solving the ageing process .
National policy implemented which provides special attention to the elderly has been ameliorating over time for the beneficial of the older people .
Ageing process ( Wikipedia ) refers to the multidimensional process of physical , psychological and social change .
Therefore , the process of ageing could eventually , pose problems especially in physical aspect such as arthritis , rheumatism , and various types of impairment .
Implementation of both , research and development and policies could help to solve these issues , but it does not alleviate it entirely .
As the policy changes and the need for technologies increases , the elderly becomes increasingly reliant .
For instance , Central Providence Fund is a policy which helps people in saving for their retirement .
As a result , the elderly , who depends on the fund , would have the mindset of not saving up for emergency or the thought of having longer working period .
Thus , those elderly who have subsequently used up their funds will then seek for financial help .
Moreover , the policies or welfare schemes are only provided when necessary for cases which require specific attention .
In this case , not all elderly will be eased of their ageing process .
This in turn , creates a less active lifestyle for them such as exercising and interacting with their neighbors , friends or family .
Even though research and development or policies in architecture aspects can cause unconstructive impacts , it still has its positive impacts in aiding the ageing process .
In countries like Japan , United States and Singapore , research and development has come up with technologies for the welfare of the aged .
Hence , there are other various devices developed that have helped to relieve the accessibility of the aged as they move from one place to another in the building .
In this program , the government has set aside $ 40 million into the Accessibility fund so as to encourage owners of the buildings to provide accessibility features in the existing or new buildings .
( BCA , 2002 ) Therefore , by having accessibility features like ramps and accessible toilets help to minimize the problems faced by the aged .
Likewise , National policy has also help to improve the lives of the elderly .
The government has considered the various aspects of policy such as employment , financial security , health and recreational needs , social services and institutional care , and family relations .
As reported , " most of the elderly are in favor of rising the retirement age due to financial security " .
( Ministry of Social Affairs , 1983 ) As they grow older , the need for adequate income is essential to sustain in the high cost of living in Singapore .
Thus , in order to ease this issue faced by the aged , the government raises the retirement age beyond 62 and introduces various schemes .
Scheme ( WDA , 2007 ) and SME Manpower Scheme aims to encourage and allow the employers to employ older workers .
Other than the employment policies , the government has also implemented policy to aid in health care of the elderly .
The health care policy provides supports such as financial assistance , manpower assistance and allocation of premises to the non-governmental organizations which is also known as , the Voluntary Welfare organization ( VWO ) .
The services provided by the VWOs are day care centres , hospice , nursing homes and many more .
Henceforth , the policies have given consideration on the matter related to the aged group .
Solutions , for instance , decision making to the policies and development of technologies through researches can definitely influence the aged .
Certainly , there are boons and cons of the latter situation .
Nevertheless , the boons have offset the cons as shown previously .
It is encouraged that more policies have to be considered and technologies to be developed over time in order to improve the life of the elderly .
Other than that , the elderly must also play their part by creating more awareness to the society and participating actively in the policies or devices produce for them .
I agree to a certain extent that current public spending on the aged should be limited so that this excess money could be used in other areas of the country 's development .
The problem of an aging population has been a rising issue for most of the developed countries .
Judging from the statistics , it shows that the elderly will form a relatively big portion of the country 's population structure in the near future .
This implies that the impacts of the aging society will increase with time .
Therefore , it is important for these countries to tackle the situation before it reaches its peak .
But nonetheless , countries that are already dealing with the problem of aging population had identified the limitations of the policies that are implemented .
This indicates that perhaps the emphasis towards the investment of the country 's revenue should be diverted to other area such as economy investments and improving the education system to further boost the rate of advancement of a country .
But in additional , a pool of reserve funds should be available to cope with the rising aging population as well .
This is because the problem of an aging population affects the rate of development of a country on a long run .
And if this problem persists , it will gradually become a roadblock for the future advancement of a society .
The approaches that countries usually adopt to solve the aging issue include the prolonging of working lives of the elderly and the provision of an array of welfare pension schemes for them .
But the controversy of the elderly abilities to generate more wealth in comparison to the remunerative younger working adults had deterred many private companies .
In consequence , the government have to provide funding for these companies to encourage them to retain their elderly workers .
But this move is viable as the vast knowledge and experiences that these elderly had gained over the years of working in the company serves as excellent mentors for the younger generations .
This will in turn generate more economical benefits for the companies .
This two tier solution would definitely help in the progress of a country .
It provides a sense of financial security for the elderly as high medical cost would be highly subsidised .
As a result , it helps to reduce the reliance on the public welfare schemes , allowing a more generative used of the funds in other aspects of the country .
But on the other hand , there are also other important areas that that public spending could be used upon to facilitate the country 's development .
This will allow additional financial inputs for the country to tap upon to provide greater welfare benefits for its citizens .
Besides , focus could also be placed upon the education for the younger generation .
Equipping the students with the essential technical skills would require a considerable amount of funds .
However , considering the future financial inputs that these well-equipped workforces would generate , it would prove that it is a worthwhile investment for the country .
Finally , all in all a country should deal closely with the issues of an aging population .
Being flexible to the limitations of funds and not rigidly capping the maximum spending , will allow more room for greater variations of solutions to be carried out .
And in addition , there is not a need to neglect the developments of other areas of investments as the dual approach of slowing down the process of aging population and the improvements in other areas of the society will bring about a quantum leap to the country 's development .
Since aging process has given the country 's economy much burden on developing , which comes from elders ' limit of working age , medical science has made some anti-aging researches on increasing people 's strength and reducing old age 's coming due to the hope of increasing people 's working capacity .
The scientists invent methods , compound medicine and also introduce a nature solution for aging process .
Medical scientists create many treatments which are able to prolonging humans ' longevity .
For example , stem cells recently have been an effective way to make humans ' dream come true .
In medical science , there has been a promising break-through research in finding the application of stem cells in anti-aging issue .
Stem cells , coming from the umbilical cord of a mammal , can successfully regenerate tissues destroyed by diseases such as old age detrimental ones .
Its options are limitless as to regenerate skin , muscle tissue , lost eye etc and also to help delay organ breakdown , if successful .
Nowadays , with medical treatments , people can be " young " for a longer time bringing about better health when they reach their old age .
That 's why when they are able to live in their physical condition of 30-year-old even if they are over 70 , they will work longer and will be able to accumulate more wealth which they could use to support themselves in their old age .
Secondly , medical science has also come up with many types of anti-aging compact things called anti-aging drugs such as Deprenyl , one of the best anti-aging drugs currently available .
Anyway , not all the drugs are good and cheap though so finding a suitable drug is a tough task to do .
Furthermore , the nutrition industry has also jumped in this battle against aging problem with milk and other products like quintessence that can help the aged from the depression of bone strength and the cells of the heart from damage like that benefit of milk thistle and many more .
It would not only help the government to reduce the amount of money they have to spend on the welfare program for the elderly , but also provide the elder a chance to have a rich old-life .
Therefore , they may get even more money for their own than receiving from the government 's welfare .
Those natural solutions to anti aging process include fruits and vegetables .
Fruits like apples , strawberries , etc contain ellagic acid that has the capacity to hinder the growth of tumors within the body and those such as cantaloupe , peaches , etc contain lycopene guarding body 's cells and organs like heart , bladder from damage caused by free radicals .
Vegetables would also demonstrate the same benefits in antioxidant capabilities , for example , Genistein in soybeans works as cancer genes ' enzymes ' inhibitor .
Besides , people who usually do gymnastic will live longer and healthier than those do not .
Some may argue that fruit and gymnastic do not play any part in easing the aging process .
In facts , by doing physical exercise , their immunity increases , make them immunize with lots of bacteria and viruses .
A healthy diet along with gymnastic will prevent some disease to germ .
To countries with old population , medical science needs to be considered , and invested more in so that we will have more and better ways of easing the aging process .
Furthermore , medical science is one of the effective solutions for aging process , which help ease the economic burden for the country by reducing the money for elder 's welfare , diverting it to other areas of the country 's development .
This is expected to reach 20 % in 2030 ( Statement by Ms. Audrey Seah , 2007 ) .
Thus , measures for aiding the increasing aging population in terms of healthcare subsidies and daily expenditures are to be proactively prepared .
Firstly , greater productivity should be encouraged with the younger generation to be cost-efficient and productive .
Lastly , people could be encouraged to have proactive savings when they are secured with a job to save up for the rainy days ( Peter G. Peterson , 2001 ) .
Therefore , the aging population is not an insurmountable problem , funds could be sub-divided for the expenditure in other sectors such as education , tourism and Research and Development ( R&D ) .
Firstly , education is one of the most important aspects in Singapore as it secures the future of the younger generation .
At tertiary level , locally leading universities are such as the National University of Singapore ( NUS ) , and the Nanyang Technological University ( NTU ) .
Funds are constantly pumped into the education system for the financing of students and also for constant improvements of the education system .
For example , the Tuition Grant Scheme is provided for the subsiding of high school fees .
Hence , funds have to be constantly injected for new tourist attractions and contingency plans in the case of an economy crisis .
For example , in February 2009 , the Singapore Tourism Board announced that an incentive of $ 90 million has been provided for the BOOST ( Building On Opportunities to Strengthen Tourism ) which is targeted at aiding the tourism sector in times of challenges ( Singapore Tourism Board , 2009 ) .
Lastly , R&D is extensively utilized with various purposes such as major institution projects , innovation and creativity in new developments and for environmental concerns .
For example , R&D is supported with the National Research Foundation which focuses into areas such as the Environmental and Water Technologies and the Interactive and Digital Media .
In addition , R&D discovered the NEWater and ensured the consistent high quality for the past few years ( Channel News Asia , 2009 ) .
Due to globalization , the aged has become richer and of better health .
However , a portion of the population could still need financial help such as those of lower incomes .
Hence , funds spent on the aged should be limited in order to accommodate for the high expenses in the three sectors that contribute a large proportion of revenue to the economy .
On the whole , the aging population is not insurmountable problem .
Hence , public spending on the aged should be limited in order for funds to be sub-divided among the education , tourism and the R&D sectors which are the main sources of revenue .
In turn , with more revenue being generated , more benefits and financial aids could be provided to the aged which benefits the country as a whole .
Aging population is a global issue nowadays , especially in the developed countries .
This will soon affect the Asian countries with more serious impacts .
Due to the increasing aging population size , public spending on the aged has been rising .
Hence , this has exerted more pressure on the society , which could lead to problems such as low social security , economic depression and inadequate education .
Hence , it is essential to limit the public spending on the elderly , so more money can be diverted to other areas of the country 's development .
The most essential thing to do is to set spending limits on healthcare .
As healthcare services gradually increase , the public spending on the aged would also increase .
In 2026-2027 , seniors will represent 22 percent of the population and will be responsible for close to 60 percent of total health care spending ( as cited in Population Aging , Health Care Spending and Sustainability : Do we really have a crisis ? ) .
An aging population has placed the federal budget on an " imprudent and unsustainable path " and that " passage of time only serves to worsen this situation , " Congress Daily reports .
To maintain the healthcare system for the elderly , a significant amount of money will have to be spent on , which leads to serious consequences on the society .
Therefore , the government should adjust the spending on healthcare to an appropriate level .
Setting limits on the spending on the aged would raise indignation among the elderly , especially people without a savings , poor single women , and the illiterate .
Some may say it is inhumane when limiting the spending on the aged .
However , policy makers should always look at the interest of the whole country rather than just focusing on particular one area .
In conclusion , it is applicable to make the spending on the aged limited .
The reduced spending on the aged can then be invested in other areas for instance education .
When the education is enhanced , graduates would have a higher chance of getting a job and hence contributing to the economic development of the country .
In addition , together with the development of economy , the young adults would be capable to support their parents .
Furthermore , they could enjoy a high living standard and security in life .
Generally , the government would have enough budgets to empower the stable development of the country , and to maintain the welfare and pension system at an acceptable level .
To illustrate these are only some out of many benefits which public can be achieved from the reduced of the aged spending .
To conclude , it is vital for the government to limit the spending on the aged to a reasonable level , and which money can be invested in different aspects of the country 's development .
In the short run , the country may face difficulties , but in the long run it will be beneficial to the society .
For the past decades , lifespan of human beings has been rising rapidly .
Several advanced research and developments in every aspect of life make the word " old " be completely re-defined .
Aging process refers to changes of biological , physical and social conditions of an individual as time goes by .
People used to think that it was naturally driven and that there was no way to impinge on it .
However , it is proved eventually that what we used to think is not necessarily right .
Medicine nowadays gives us strong belief that aging process is something we can alter .
Results of many research have revealed that there are certain components which help to maintain a healthy cell like antioxidants , enzymes , hormones or " no cellular waste " ( Dr. Grey , " Strategies for Engineered Negligible Senescence " , 2005 ) ... .
Together with cell collapse , diseases like heart disease or cancer , at the same time , speed up the process .
Luckily , modern medicine can provide us with procedures to cure our serious diseases and to prevent aging .
For example , doctors nowadays can be able to build a complete plan to slow down the aging process ; such plan includes individualized nutritional , hormonal , dietary and exercise program .
After six months joining the program , biological age of a man can decrease by 20 years .
Development in technological inventions has been having a lot impacts on detecting and curing aging diseases .
Human beings have increased understanding of biological system of their own body much more than ever .
Once knowing the reasons , researchers can come up with ideas of how to slow down or even reverse the aging .
Besides , there are many other types of equipments which help in the treatment of anti-aging .
Although almost everyone agrees that economics is the vital component in the world 's life , not many people realize that it also play an important part in easing the aging process .
The effects caused by global economy indirectly control the speed of aging .
In developed countries with strong economies , health issues and other social services are sure to be cared much more than in undeveloped ones .
With a simple comparison between Western societies with those from Africa , we can see significant difference in life expectancy and actual lifespan .
While Western people tend to live long happy lives with small number of serious diseases , people from African countries usually have much shorter life expectancy .
However , economic problems may cause very bad impacts on the efforts of slowing down aging process .
This will reflect in their bad habits like over-working and also harm their mental health , which will shorten their lifespan .
After several researches , it is not surprising to know the fact that , usually , the richest man is not the happiest man .
But again , these are individual 's lifestyle so a person should be able to change it easily by himself putting some understanding and efforts .
Human beings , with their intelligence , can find out ways to ease the aging process .
The only problem left is that with a longer life , what will a person do to contribute back to the society and next generations ?
Aging population and longer life expectancy will inevitably lead to rapidly increasing elder residents .
Housing , which is one the basic needs of elderly people , is significant because elderly need a safe , pleasing and interactive environment for their old age .
Policymakers have implemented various strategies to ensure older people own a home while enjoy sufficient retirement income for old age dependency .
Elderly will face more specific needs such as the needs for social and healthcare supports .
Hence , a residential environment that specially planned to meet their physical , social and recreational requirements is a must ( { Novak } [ HYPERLINK : http : //libencore.nus.edu.sg/iii/encore/search/C % 7CSNovak % 2C + Mark. % 7COrightresult ? lang = eng&suite = def ] , 2009 ) .
Nowadays , various kinds of retirement housings are being developed in many countries like United States , Japan and Singapore .
In Australia , the Granny Flats , which are integrated with elder-friendly fixtures and fittings , are developed to facilitate independent living of elderly .
Besides , housing developers nowadays are focusing on creating a barrier free housing estate in order to enhance the adaptability of elderly .
A barrier free environment allows elderly to have a safe and easy access to the social facilities and amenities within their neighborhood .
For example , Singapore government has committed lots of funds to improve the mobility of elderly by retrofiting lifts to stop on every floor in public housing .
However , a safety and accessibility environment for elderly is vital .
It can lead to a healthy , increased well-being and inclusive aging society .
Therefore , we can anticipate more elderly-friendly features will be set up in our neighborhood in future .
Most countries have provided various housing schemes to ensure adequate supply of affordable accommodation for aging population .
Under these schemes , housing developers are subsidized with lower land costs to build up retirement housings , while needy elderly are given priority to access to public housing .
It may be objected that there are a number of elderly people are " asset-rich , cash-poor " .
They own a house but do not have sufficient fund to meet their basic needs in old age ( Ministry , 2006 ) .
Nevertheless , there are policies that allow elderly to monetize their housing assets .
In Singapore , the Lease Buyback Scheme helps the elderly in smaller flats to monetize flat value whilst continue to stay in the same flat .
Hence , we can notice that the housing needs as well as the financial needs of elderly have been effectively tackled by various public policies .
On the other hand , senior activity centres are also developed in housing estate to encourage elderly remain integrated in society .
Indeed , these strategies have effectively enabled elderly people to lead a fruitful andmeaningful social life .
Clearly , the quality of life of elderly people has been more contented and enjoyable through various housing developments , policies and improvement programmes .
These efforts have successfully eased the issues in aging population .
We can look forward to a blending of housing schemes and developments in future that help the older people to live as independent as possible .
One cause for this is attributed to the era of baby boomers , who are now mostly in their late fifties or early sixties .
In Singapore , this constitutes to 31 % of Singapore 's population and approximately half the workforce .
Being born from 1946 to 1964 , they are fast approaching the national retirement age of 63 .
In other words , in 10 years time , half of the current employed citizens at work would have retired .
Among some other issues that the elderly face are those of deteriorating physical condition and old-age sickness , which might cause a strain on the local healthcare system , and financial needs , which will threaten to drain the government 's coffers .
In anticipation of this , governments have set in place policies as well as encouraged initiatives to ease the ageing process for both the individual and society .
In the context of Singapore , some of these include mandatory personal retirement funds , development of the health sector to better manage an ageing population as well as encouraging longer working lives .
CPF is a mandatory savings plan for an individual , where a portion of their income is set aside in this fund , and will be made available to them once they have retired .
This policy provides for financial security for the elderly as they are financially dependent , and need not rely on public initiatives or their children for money in their golden years .
With this policy , the government is then able to redirect these resources to more vital sectors .
Critics of this position point out their concerns over the misuse of the funds once it is made available .
Participants of this new , compulsory scheme , named Lifelong Income for The Elderly ( LIFE ) will receive lifelong monthly payouts from their CPF accounts .
Instead of being granted with a lump sum of money upon retirement , this ensures that the elderly do not exhaust their retirement funds too quickly , easing reliance on public funds .
Another policy introduced by the Singaporean government is to encourage citizens to work longer .
This may be introduced by implementing tax rebates or financial incentives for companies that are proactive in the employment of older workers .
There is also evidence that the government is encouraging this , from the proposed increase in retirement age from 63 to 65 years of age by 2012 .
A longer working life would alleviate the manpower shortage in the next decade , when a majority of these baby boomers are set to retire .
At the same time , with more social interaction at work , the elderly will not feel as lonely .
This allows the elderly know that they are still being appreciated , and on top of that , it is beneficial for them , where a study ( Robert , 2007 ) have shown that elderly who feel less lonely have a lower risk of getting Alzheimer 's disease .
This might redirect potential foreign investments that were initially attracted by the efficiency of Singapore 's workforce .
However , implementation of this policy correctly will help to solve this problem .
Acknowledging that the elderly are slightly slower than their younger counterparts , companies can arrange for more suitable jobs for them .
Equipped with their valuable experience , the elderly are the best group to offer their advice , and to groom individuals .
Also with this job they are financially independent .
For example , advances in surgery have helped developed a non-invasive surgery technique for glaucoma , one of the main leading causes of blindness , in which the elderly are at a higher risk of contracting .
One impending problem with such rapid technological advances in medicine would be the rising costs of healthcare , brought about by the intensive research processes to develop new cures and treatments .
With most of the elderly retired and no source of income , they might be unable to fund their medical expenses should the need arise .
Introduced by the Ministry of Health in 1984 , Medisave would set aside a portion of an individual 's income to their account , which will be available to fund medical expenses should the need arise .
With this fund , most Singaporeans will go into retirement with a sum of money collected from their working life which can be used to pay for medical expenses .
This reduces the possible reliance of public funds for funding of medical expenses for the elderly , which might result in taxpayers shouldering a larger burden of the alderfly 's medical expenses .
In conclusion , this article has illustrated that the current policies in Singapore have helped ease the ageing process to a large extent .
As shown , policies such as CPF , raising the retirement age and the development of healthcare policies have helped to ease the ageing process in the society , thereby reducing the societal effects of an ageing population .
The issue of ageing population is a great challenge faced by many developed countries in the 21st century .
The great advances in medical technology over the years resulted in the improvements in the health conditions of individuals , and hence the reduced likelihood of them contracting life-threatening diseases .
The life expectancy of individuals has increased due to better accessibility to healthcare services and facilities than before .
As such , this has increase the need for public spending on the aged in order to fund for the needs of the elderly , such as the construction of the elderly facilities and healthcare subsidies .
It could be argued that public spending on the aged is carried out at the expense of a country 's development in other areas , such as education which will increase the productivity of a country , and also infrastructure and transport facilities which serve as attractions for foreign direct investments .
However , Jenson ( 2007 ) reported that it is inevitable that individuals have a higher tendency to consume more healthcare services as they age despite the reduced susceptibility to diseases .
Thus , it is not practical to limit the public spending on the aged such that the money can be used alternatively for a country 's developments .
As such , it will be even tougher for the government to cater to the growing needs of the elderly due to a budget constraint , and this problem will most likely pertain to countries in face of a persisting ageing population , such as Japan .
Opponents of this position argued that there is no need to divert too many resources to the elderly because they no longer contribute to the society upon their retirement .
For instance , the investing of funds for research and development will raise the productive capacity of the country , thereby attracting more foreign direct investments .
However , it is wrong to regard the aged as a burden , because the aged is a national asset who should not be neglected by the society .
Even after they have retired , they still do contribute the society but it is just done by a different mean , such as taking care of their grandchildren on behalf of their children who are out at work .
In this way , they help to coordinate the work life and family life of the working adults .
( Conference of European Churches 2007 ) Consequently , the aged , as well as their insights and experiences , is a valuable asset to the society and thus the public spending on the aged should not be limited .
Additionally , the limit of public spending on the elderly might increase the financial burden of the future generations .
This setback is particularly pertinent in countries challenged by an ageing population with low fertility rate and low retired to working population .
This could be due to factors such as the increased women participation rate in the workforce , later marriages , and the increase financial costs of having children .
In the future to come , the ageing population might worsen if low fertility rate persists .
Inter-Ministerial Committee on Aging Report ( 1999 ) states that in 1999 , 7.3 % of the population comprises of older Singaporeans aged 65 and above , and it is expected that they will make up 19 % of the population by 2030 .
They perceived public spending on the aged as a form of liability to a country because such spending brings no future benefits to the country , and cause the country to neglect its development in essential areas , such as infrastructure and transport facilities , which serve as a pulling force for foreign direct investments .
Thus , if the limit is not imposed , the economy of a country will be adversely affected in the long run .
However , instead of limiting fiscal spending on the aged , there are alternatives that can similarly improve the productivity of a country .
For instance , when older workers are retrained , they can be as productive as a young worker prior to their experience , and this also increases their employability .
Alternatively , there should be adjustments on fiscal spending on the aged based on their percentage in the country 's population .
This is faced by the elderly who are either single or have no children , and it is made worse for elderly who have low educational level .
When they fall ill , the high costs of medical fees discouraged them from seeking medical care , and as a result , their health conditions deteriorated over time .
As they aged , they became more susceptible to diseases , such as osteoporosis .
It will come to the time when they are left with no choice but to seek medical care for their illnesses , but since they are left with little savings , they are unlikely able to pay for the medical expenses .
It may be objected that it is one 's social responsibility to be healthy , and to be accountable for his own medical expenses should he seek healthcare services , instead of relying on the government for subsidy to lower their financial burden for such expenses .
However , the presence of a fiscal crisis might not necessarily be attributed by the fiscal spending on the aged .
The facilities built for the elderly should not be seen as a negative asset because these facilities are not built just for one time usage , but instead they provide long-term benefits to every individual of the country because ageing is an unavoidable process .
This applies similarly for the healthcare subsidies , as one will hope that he can be entitled to such privileges when he has limited savings , regardless of his age .
In conclusion , instead of placing a limit on the public spending on the aged , the government can look into the few alternatives proposed to ensure that as the country is in pursue of its developments , the elderly will not be neglected and will be given sufficient attention .
With an increasing number of Singaporeans belonging to the golden age group of sixty-five years old and above , and an expanding grey population , Singapore needs to deal with the financial challenges of an aging population .
Aging population , an end result of the decreasing fertility rate and the longer life expectancy of baby boomers , will certainly affect Singapore 's economy .
Although the net impact on the Singapore government 's financial position is unsure , public spending on the aged should not be limited in Singapore and should vary accordingly to the situations that Singapore faced as it is clear that expenditures in some areas will increase with aging .
Population in Singapore is increasing yearly and aging rapidly ( Singapore Department of Statistics , 2008 ) .
Public spending on the aged should fluctuate according to the composition of the old-aged citizens within the population of Singapore .
The public spending on the old-aged should not be limited such that the limitation is based on the of old-age population five to ten years back .
The public spending should reflect the current composition of the old-aged citizens within the Singapore population .
Conversely , others might argue that by not limiting the public spending on aged means that lesser budget will be allocated to other areas of Singapore 's development such as education , defence and health sectors .
This would cripple the economy of Singapore , which already affected by the aging population as well as shrinking workforce , further as more money will be spent on the aged at the expense of the other developments of Singapore .
However , by spending more on the aged do not necessary denote that budget spend on the development of Singapore will be affected .
This is because the public spending could come from the surpluses Singapore has or accumulated over the years .
Old-aged citizens will bring along different illnesses and diseases where spending will be required for basic healthcare and treatment .
According to the National Institute of Aging ( 2007 ) , experts predicted that there will be a huge raise in disability resulted from increases in age-related chronic disease in all regions of the world .
This implies that public spending should not be limited as it will be required to subsidise the costly healthcare expenses .
This is because the old-age population will not be able to afford the financial burden for the recurrent treatment of their illnesses .
Truly , old-aged citizens accounted for greater than 40 % of the total hospitalisation days in the public sector hospitals in 2006 ( Ministry of Heath , 2007 ) .
On the other hand , it is fortunate that the Singapore Central Provident Fund ( CPF ) , which is the fundamental pillar of our social security framework for the old-aged , lend itself readily to provide citizens for the needs of aging population .
Each citizen CPF account consists of medisave , medishield and medifund , which helps individuals to put aside portion of their income to meet their medical expenses especially when they are old .
The medisave accounts assist older Singaporeans pay for or subsidise part of their expensive medical bills .
Public spending will keep increasing and should not be limited as the aging population in Singapore continues .
In addition , elderly are having higher life expectancies rate and living longer due to the advancement of medical healthcares and technologies .
This would imply that lots of public spending would be required to build an environment with suitable facilities for the elderly as more elderly will be living either alone or with their families around estates in Singapore .
Public spending will be required and should not be limited for modifications works such as lift upgrading projects that enable the lift to stop at every level of a flat .
Besides , lots public spending will be required for modifications works in neighbourhood estates such as building more railings and slopes with anti-slipped layer ( Tong , 2007 ) .
On the contrary , a neighbourhood could be specially developed with slopes , railings and lifts that cater to every floor of the flat .
This would help to limit the public spending on the elderly as the elderly can be grouped together and special needs will be cater for them in that neighbourhood .
More budgets could then be spent on other areas of Singapore 's development .
However , this would create an impression that the elderly are unwanted and left alone .
It also means that the government is encouraging elderly not to stay with their families .
Furthermore , modifying facilities such as lift to every floor of the flat , railing and slopes with anti-slipped feature not only benefits the elderly but also the handicapped and residents living in the estates .
It allows heavy and bulky items to be unloaded from a vehicle and deliver to our house using slopes and lift without much carrying activities need to be done .
People should see these modifications as assets to the neighbourhood estates rather than expenses spend on the elderly .
Therefore public spending should not be limited as old-aged elderly will eventually be spread out across Singapore due to increasing aging population and eventually all flats will require a lift that serve every floors if not alternate floors and elderly-friendly facilities which can be beneficial to all .
In conclusion , fertility rates are declining while life expectancies are increasing around the globe .
Therefore the public spending on the aged should not be limited and should fluctuate according to changes such as impending demographic shift , population growth and healthcare expenses .
However , it is also important and responsible for Singaporeans to plan ahead so that they can depend on several sources of income to sustain their old-age livings and at the same time ease the burden of public spending on the aged .
Employers should also do a part in changing their traditional perceptions that old-aged employees are unproductive and potential burden to society ( Harper , 2001 ) .
Employers should try to retain and retrain older workers for them to be retained in the labour force , this will extend working life of citizens and they will be in a better economic position to sustain their own old-age livings .
Public spending is the amount of { money } [ HYPERLINK : http : //www.businessdictionary.com/definition/money.html ] expended by a { government } [ HYPERLINK : http : //www.businessdictionary.com/definition/government.html ] to { pay } [ HYPERLINK : http : //www.businessdictionary.com/definition/pay.html ] for defence , development projects , education , social security , { health } [ HYPERLINK : http : //www.businessdictionary.com/definition/health.html ] , { infrastructure } [ HYPERLINK : http : //www.businessdictionary.com/definition/infrastructure.html ] , { law and order } [ HYPERLINK : http : //www.businessdictionary.com/definition/law-and-order.html ] maintenance .
It represents a large share of Gross Domestic Product ( GDP ) and has a major impact on the productivity of the whole economy .
Elderly in a country are usually supported mainly by public spending .
It is argued that the government should provide more public assistants to the elderly and not to limit the amount of spending on them .
However , some people may not have realized that there are many countries which are already having high public spending .
Schuknecht and Tanzi ( 2005 ) stated that many countries had peaked at almost 52 % of Gross Domestic Product ( GDP ) over the past twenty years .
From these large amounts of public spending , most countries tend to spent more than half of them on social protection and health and are used mainly to help the aged .
Mahal and Berman ( 2006 ) mentioned that several studies have indicated that per person expenses of health and social protect on elderly are usually much greater than those non-elderly .
If countries are to increase their public spending on the aged further , it may cause the proportion of public spending to be spent on other important areas , such as infrastructure and education , to be even lesser .
Therefore , public spending on the elderly should be limited and controlled to prevent it from increasing further , which may cause the economy to slow down .
In viewing the aging population problem , some people argued that we should not limit but to provide more public and financial assistances for elderly due to the increasing number of elderly in an aging population .
However , the increase in public spending means that working people may need to have higher tax contributions , as public spending is supported mainly by taxation .
Straits Time ( 2009 ) mentioned that the huge increases in public spending could slow down countries ' economic growth .
In aging society , it is important to limit and have control over the increasing public spending on aged .
If not , there could be a drop on the GDP and eventually cause the percentage of public spending to be spent on aged to reduced too .
It should be the responsibility of the country to ensure that all aged , who have contributed to the society , to be properly assisted in their old age .
However , when public spending on the aged is not limited and allowed to be raised continuously , everyone in the country is going to suffer in long term .
There might be one day that the country 's work force can no longer support the extremely high amount of public spending .
It may then cause them to be not able to take good care of their elderly parents and neglect their needs .
Besides that , a country should try to divert a higher percentage of public spending to other areas that might contribute country 's growth and development , such as the infrastructure and development project .
By investing more money in these areas , a country may generate higher return and has higher GDP growth .
This may again increase the amount of public spending to be spent on the aged .
We have to ensure that it is efficient and effective in spending this large amount money and prevent it from rising too high .
Having to spend too large amount of public spending on the elderly will definitely be a burden to both the country and working people .
This can definitely benefit the aged people and without adding burden to the country 's economy , working people and next generation .
This alarming trend is stimulated by declines in fertility rate , medical advances , and better health care which have resulted in longer life expectancy .
Even though this trend would most likely affect Singapore negatively , the government must not only concern themselves with the increasing expenditures on the aged and try to divert the budget for the aged to other areas of development .
The limited public spending will increase financial burden for working population in Singapore .
Medical care tends to be expensive most of the times ; this will place a heavy financial burden on those who are caring for the elderly .
On top of the increasing cost of living , the younger generations have to bear this high expense of taking care of the elderly .
This situation might result in elderly being neglected by their children due to the excess pressure caused by the large amount of expenditures .
Critics of this position point out that actually elderly themselves impose financial hardship to the working population .
As the aging population increases , the active contributors have to bear an increase burden of more elderly by paying more taxes .
Although the aging population decrease Singapore 's economic competitiveness , their large demand for health care and special elderly- related goods such as hearing aids and walking sticks would boost the economic sectors that produces these goods and services .
Therefore , rather than hinder the development of Singapore , the elderly provide opportunity for these sectors of economy to develop .
In the past , the aged have been through the difficult years of struggling for Singapore 's development such as the racial riots of the 1960s .
Thus , they are full of incredible wealth of experience and wisdom .
As a result , the elderly are likely to be assets to our society , by providing invaluable sources of advice and knowledge .
For example , Minister Mentor Lee Kuan Yew plays an integral role in contributions to Singapore 's progress during his period .
Additionally , senior workers have immense experience that would help them serve as advisors to the companies they belong to .
At this point , one may wonder that the elderly pose a financial burden on the development of a country .
However , the adjustments to the Central Provident Fund ( CPF ) policies have reduced the burden of the country by providing some of the fund for the elderly in their golden years .
Additionally , the increasing retirement age of workers from 60 to 62 also reduced the burden of supporting the elderly .
In fact , some fast food restaurants have actively recruited the elderly because many are just as reliable and hardworking and sometimes more loyal as their younger counter-parts .
All of these show that the elderly could still contribute to the development of Singapore .
One of the issues if the public spending is limited is that it will impose financial hardship on the elderly , especially for elderly women .
This will make older women remain vulnerable financially .
This situation might result in the incapability to seek for medical assistance when the need arises .
However , the limited public spending also have some side effects to the country , such as the overall wealth of the country will be imbalanced .
Thus , instead of limiting the public spending on the aged , government should look for other possible solution .
Aging population could be a burden , but they are still a part of a county .
However , it is when people can prolong their life-span that governments need to pay attention to another difficulty - the social influences of the aging population .
There is a controversial issue that how much governments should invest in this matter .
Despite the fact that many people approve the idea of unlimited budget for the old , it would be better to set a term to governments ' expenses in this problem for some reasons .
With respect to the overall social benefits for a country , investing into dealing with the aged problem is not as profitable as into some other domains .
Apparently , it is not the elderly but the young generation that is the " future " of a country .
When getting older and older , generally , people can not contribute to the development of their countries as much as the young do and it is the younger generation that will assume responsibility of consolidating the country 's powers as well as enhancing the nation 's status in the world .
Therefore , instead of spending too much on the old , the government 's budget should focus on the collective who will decide the future of their states .
At this point , one may wonder that the old people did contribute to the improvements of their countries in the past , consequently , they deserve the government 's regard at their old age and if the governments ignore this problem , the next generations may not be willing to devote their ability to those who will make their contributions oblivious .
It should , however , be emphasized that the governments do pay attention to the aged population and what mentioned here is limiting the spending on this matter in a reasonable way .
The article Help the aged ( 2009 ) stressing that " the budget must not forget older people " even when governments are in difficult financial situation one more time provides evidence to confirm this argument .
In other words , governments highly appreciate the contribution of old people in the past and try to offer them more but the budget constraint calls for limiting in order to develop other aspects of society .
From the elder 's point of view , the more public expenses governments spend for them , the better the situation is .
For instance , people will find that there is no need to concern themselves with their old - age lives because the governments will ensure that , therefore they will completely live on public welfare at the old age .
As a result , the ever-growing of older people 's dependence on the governments may lead to unexpected problems thereafter such as overspending on this matter and lack of budget to invest in other fields to develop countries .
The Strategy for Older People ( Welsh Assembly Government , 2003 ) also approved that the spending for the old should be limited so that the budget can be balanced for many issues of a nation and it is considered as the strategy for long-term development of every country .
Certain objections must , of course , be considered that the expenses for old people need to expand according to the higher living standard as well as the increasing expenditure in modern society .
However , it should be aware that the problem lies on the definition of " limited " .
It is , however , maybe approached from another angle that a constant proportion of GDP of a country to support the old people is maintained .
In this case , when governments have budget to invest in other areas of the countries ' development , the economy operates well , the overall income of a country escalates ; the spending for old people will be put up as a result .
In conclusion , as for overall social influences , there should be a reasonable limitation in terms of spending for the old people so that the governments can balance their expenses for various problems of their countries .
The aged should also be aware of this situation , sympathetic with their governments and cooperate to deal with the relating difficulties .
With the great efforts of governments , individuals as well as an effective strategy for this problem , it is possible that the countries can achieve many targets at the same time : limited budget for old people , the approval of the aged and the development of their nations .
Korea needs to reform its national policies if it hopes to create a better and sustainable future society as there will be a lot of negative impacts to the country such as inevitable labor shortage , increase in public spending and healthcare problems if the ageing population continues to grow disproportionately with the country 's fertility rate .
This is supported by Jones ( 1995 ) , stating that the increasing in this population will have strong physical , psychological , social , cultural , economical and cultural implications .
Therefore , in view of this acute phase , current research and policies have been carried out by the Korean government and have helped to buffer the ageing process .
A government pension system , namely the National Pension ( NP ) which is financed in part by employee 's contributions and employer 's liability for general workers was introduced in 1988 for retirees over 60 ( " Silver jobs in lieu of golden years , 2009 ) .
It is the main- old- age pension program covering the majority of Korean workers .
Despite this progress , there still are not enough openings for the baby boomers .
So , local governments have established " silver jobs " fair like chaperons for children returning home from late- night cram schools , gas station attendants , opinion survey interviewers and wedding officiators to recruit elderly job seekers as part of a government effort to assist a rapidly growing population of older Koreans in a changing society .
It can be divided into two groups , consisting of the recreational programs and community programs .
Although many beneficial services has been provided to the elderly , this program still does not seem to be so effective as volunteers may or may not render their services whenever the elderly need them .
It is not a mandatory or binding issue for them to always lend a hand to the elderly .
Therefore , the government should think of a better way to tackle this problem so that the society will have a concept that their voluntary work is not an optional choice , but a domestic routine to serve the elderly who need their assistance .
Due to the low fertility rate and the growing of elderly in the society , there is a shortage of workforce in certain occupations .
This replacement migration in coping with the population in Korea has not only helped to ease the ageing process when the older Koreans started to retire which resulted in certain downfalls of manpower in certain specialization , it also has helped to buffer the current shortage of labor in the market .
Unfortunately , the idea did not seem to give only positive impacts , but also negative consequences when there are around 65 percent of the immigrants imported in 1999 are working illegally ( Bureau of Medium- Sized Industries , 1999 ) .
The large volumes of immigrants to fill up the labor shortage due to population aging also arouse fears of loss of national identity ( UN , 2000 ) .
Thus , even though the adoptions of the immigrant policy have helped to ease the ageing process , it might not be the best policy to conquer this matter .
Intyre ( 1977 ) once said that old age throughout this century has been seen as a 'social problem ' and this is true when the government started off with all kinds of policies to ease this matter .
With the demographic ageing in Korea 's population , priority on constructing a sustainable socioeconomics system at the beginning of the twenty- first century to cope with the rapid ageing of populations must be placed .
Peterson ( 2001 ) commented that in many developed countries , an ageing population will lead to a shrinking workforce , long- term stagnation and along with it a decline in real GDP .
Nevertheless , we agree with Frieden , who concluded : Ageing is not lost youth but a new stage of opportunity and strength .
Therefore , leaders of today must design a desirable socioeconomic structure under the pressure of an ageing population and environment constraints by identifying the necessary policy tools to attain stable and sustainable growth before taking any effective actions .
There will be 2 billion people , which constitute 22 % of the world 's population , with more than 60 years of age in the year 2050 , according to UN ( Nichols M. , 2007 ) .
Medical advancement allows people to live longer , and as a result , the number of elderly people has been on the increase .
Currently in many countries , the growing aging population has been putting a lot of pressure on social services .
However , we ca n't just simply cut public spending on the aged so that money can be diverted to other areas of the country 's development because of these 3 reasons : they have contributed to the society ; in short run , old people without any means to support themselves will be struggling to live on ; furthermore , in long run , we may have to pay twice the price for what we have done .
Firstly , the aged has contributed their youth to the advancement of the society .
More than half a century ago , they fought to restore peace to our country .
Then , they worked hard to rebuild and develop the war-torn country into what we are living in now .
We owe them for the peace which not all of us can acknowledge its value ; we have to thank them for creating and developing the country and the safe environment that we are living in .
Public pension , healthcare and all the services for the elderly are the least we can do to pay our debt of gratitude to what they have done for us .
Wo n't it make us inhumane if we make our benefactors struggling when they are near the end of their lives ?
And how do you feel if the younger generation does this to you ?
Secondly , limiting the public spending on the aged means leaving out in the cold these vulnerable sub-groups of elderly people : single women , the uneducated and those who can not save during their young days .
In the report " Demography is Not Destiny , Revisited " ( 2005 ) , R. B. Friedland and L. Summer point out that single women have particularly low average incomes .
Furthermore , it is not guaranteed that all people are able to save up money during their young days .
" However , what if they work hard but still can not afford to eat ?
Let us suppose that the government uses means-testing to limit spending on the elderly , the old people outside the vulnerable sub-groups will either have to continue to work , or rely on their savings or their children 's support to live on .
Moreover , old people are subject to illnesses which may wipe out all their accumulated savings .
Eventually , they will have to depend on their children 's support or ask for help from the government .
Their children who before only had to support themselves and their own children now also have to take care of their parents ' well-being .
With all the extra expenses , the children may not be able to save up for their own retirement .
This will result in an inescapable and cruel cycle of life which can only be resolved by reverting the policy back to the original one and at the same time , creating a shock on the economy from the abrupt change in budget distribution .
Another point is that , in a country with a growing aging population , the elderly make up a substantial part of the population , hence play a bigger role in decision-making on the country 's many issues .
The country 's social stability will inevitably be disrupted if such policy is applied forcibly without any consent from the elderly .
Another argument advocating the limitation on budget for the old is that it is better to increase the wealth of the country by investing on the younger generation , which will be the future workforce of the country , and temporarily spend less on the elderly , who left , or will sooner or later leave the workforce .
However , in times of difficulties , old people have no one but their families and relatives to rely on , and we are back in the situation we discussed above .
Furthermore , this strategy does not solve anything since the money diverted to other sectors , which may reduce the expenses of working people , indirectly becomes the money spent on the elderly , which is the new burden imposed on the people in the workforce .
In conclusion , we should not limit spending on the aged because it is our way to express our thanks to their contributions to the society , it is to allow the under-privileged old people to live on and it is to maintain the economic and social stability .
According to the United Nations report , the proportion of population aged 60 or above in the developed and less developed countries is projected to reach 33 % and 25 % respectively by 2050 ( United Nations , 2002 ) .
The change in the age structure of a country 's population will has a profound impact on the political , social and economical conditions of that country .
While this may be true , such measures are ineffective in reducing old-age poverty as many elderly have little understanding of how the system work and do not possess the necessary financial knowledge to manage their savings and allowance .
As such , government has to put more emphasis and effort to impart financial education and provide money advice and information to help the elderly better finance their savings and incomes .
In another separate study by ( Chu &Yuen , 2008 ) , it is stated that around 67 % of the respondent think that the compulsory saving in Hong Kong can not provide them with a happy retirement life as they do not understand about the benefits of Mandatory Provident Fund ( MPF ) scheme and hence do not care about it .
Despite the changes that are implemented , such measures are insufficient to help the aged as the root problems of rising cost and increasing inaccessibility are not addressed .
Many elderly are uninsured as they fail to realise that many of the illness that can be prevented or treated cheaply in the early stages very often worsen into critical conditions .
In addition , although there are health care system in place , there are still many who do not have access to them .
This is due to the confusing systems that access elderly base on ambiguous criteria that makes it harder for them to obtain the service and simply lack of information and advice ( Help The aged we will , 2007 ) .
Older workers are often viewed as less dynamic and less creative as compared to the younger workers , thus they are less preferred .
There was a 46 % increase in the number of unemployed people in the UK whereas the biggest increase is those aged 60 and above with an increase of 65 % ( Wallop , 2009 ) .
A possible solution for this is to scrap national default retirement age which often give the power to employers to retrench those above this retirement age .
Public spending is the amount of taxation collected by the government to provide services for its people such as education , health care and law and order maintenance .
The dominating population in countries that are experiencing growing aging population is the elderly citizens because the demographic trends change had led rapid increment of the seniors rather than the young ones .
If the number of elders continues to increase , pertinent problems will definitely escalate .
Therefore , government should spend more on the aged not only to ease their aging process but also to tackle problems arising from a growing population .
Despite the government consistent spending on the old , public spending on the aged should not be limited but should be used accordingly based on the circumstances .
They are the ones who have contributed to the development of the country in the first place .
They should at least be compensated for the efforts put in for the younger generations to live more comfortably .
If the government were to place a limit of its spending on the aged , the aged will have to go through more difficult aging process as there wo n't be sufficient provisions for the elders to live more comfortably especially when one country is experiencing a huge demographic change where there is more aged living in the society .
However , the elders constitute only a small portion of the whole aging population .
Supported by AARP report ( 2007 ) , most Singaporean opinion leaders consider population aging as an opportunity to create new roles for the elderly .
The government should therefore focus more on the older people by providing them more training and sufficient provisions .
In spite of the elders ' willingness to work , the employers may not want to take them in as supported from the statistics retrieved from the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development ( 2000 ) : the forecasted number of people being employed for every person in year 2030 is 2 in Japan and 2 in Canada .
This shows that employers will have to resort in employing the aged .
Thus , it will be prudent for the government commence its course of actions earlier before the situation become worse .
The aged are not able of depending on young adults .
Due to that , the government is advised to lend a hand in helping them and by limiting its spending does not assist the aged .
From a news in Japan ( Reuters , 2007 ) , an old man passed away in his apartment for 3 years and no one knew about I until the landlord was prompted to visit him .
In view of that , it 's known that the elderly ca n't really manage themselves especially when they are getting older , with worn-out body and frequent ailments visiting them .
If nothing 's to be done to protect them , the aged will continue suffer and the situation may even worsen in the next few decades .
I it will help reduce the burden on the younger generations as they do not have to worry of their parents ' well-beings when the government put more emphasis in favour of the aged .
Lee ( 2009 ) have provided suggestion of helping the elders to become more self-reliant through various implementations of policies such as providing the elders with better health care and jobs to support them financially .
By doing so , the younger ones will be more stress-free and it will be more conducive for them to concentrate on doing their jobs which will in turn help develop the country and probably even increase the birth rate .
What is recommended is the government should probably help only those elders whose children are not financially capable of supporting their parents .
To ensure effectiveness , the government may have to create a new policy stating that those children who have stable income of certain amount have to take care of their parents .
By doing so , the government is able to concentrate on those who really require the aiding .
In Singapore Country Report ( 2007 ) , it was shown with statistics that the most prominent problem economic challenges in the next 20 years are posted by an aging of the population which constitutes 69 % .
This proves that the future is dependent on how well the government incorporate policies to support the aged .
Furthermore , the Japanese are even resorting to the help of robots to support the aging population and cope with the declining labour force ( Reuters , 2007 ) .
The government is able to buffer the effects if the government place more attention on the aged .
Hence , the government should be advised to continue providing for the aged , trying to overcome the obstacles presented and thus increase the provision whenever needed .
There are always some controversies over the aging future which is one of the most concerning subjects nowadays .
Some people think about it as a burden to national economy which is to spend a lot on pension as well as health issues while other people of pessimistic opinion argue that old people have the right to enjoy public money .
From my point of view I strongly agree with the idea which encourages government to reduce the amount of money spent on the aged for some reasons .
The very first and most striking point to note is that the economy of world is suffering from many depression as well as recession and the most recent period occurred from 2008 to first 6 months of 2009 .
It means that it will be a burden for the government to keep financing the pension or taking care of all the olds expenditure such as in health issues and in accommodation .
And to be specific , I think there are also many different important fields that also need a lot of government aid such as education or children 's upbringing which will definitely have a considerable influence on the country 's future .
Secondly , there should be family 's responsibility in taking care of the old so that the government can have more time and money to spend on other fields .
For examples in some Asian countries such as Vietnam or Japan , their children are very willing to take care of their old parents till the end of their life to reciprocate , which is a kind of common moral principles in Asian culture .
Moreover nowadays there are many blue-collar jobs which are impliedly reserved for old people to earn a living .
For instance , by observing I can see that almost the blue-collar workers in Singapore are about over fifty .
Even though there are some people argue that old people have the right to use the government financial aid because they have paid tax , I personally think they as well as their children have also benefited from tax such as transportation , education , etc .
In short , I think not only government but also family will have the responsibility to take care of old people so that public budget will be spent on many different areas to develop country and we all can enjoy life with a higher living standard .
It is well known that our society is aging .
Our Government has played a huge role in implementing and improving our policies to maximize the aid for the elderly .
However , there will always be persisting problems that the government will face such as National budget and economies coming under pressure , rising cost in the medical field and providing safety aids and measures in public areas .
Thus , current research and development in these areas are required to further ease the problems .
National budget and the economy have come under pressure as government provides heavy subsidies to the elderly in medical , transportation and even social activities .
Some might think that rather having to research and develop better economic policies , the government should just allocate this money for elderly benefits .
However , we should not just blindly put these money into subsidies , instead , we can use it to research for better policies or systems that will maximize the utility of the budget .
Having better policies , the government will be able to increase the productivity of the work force .
There will be more money generated and fewer people in need .
One example would be that the government implemented the " Foreign Talent Policy " , which opened our market to foreign talents and thus increasing the productivity of the workforce .
Besides having greater productivity , the government introduced a scheme that allows people to provide in advance for their old age dependency .
They are encouraged to save a portion of their salary into a special account when they are most active in the workforce .
Therefore , current research in development and policies in the economy sector do help in easing the aging process .
In the medical aspect , it may be objected that no medicine in the world can cure aging illnesses such as Dementia and Arthritis .
Even though that is a fact , advancement in the medical field has proven to pro-long and even cure some old age diseases like Cataracts .
Thus , all these research in medical field has aided the aging process tremendously .
At this point , one may wonder that it is a waste of resources to invest in architectural aids because these structures are costly and does n't serve as much purpose compared to the other sectors such as medical .
However , these aids have proven to be essential despite the costly structures .
In populated elderly areas such as Redhill or Tiong Bahru , railings have been installed not only on pavements but in public toilets as well .
Tiles or pavements with better friction have been placed in toilets to prevent elderly from slipping .
In addition , one of the major projects that Singapore 's Ministry of Transport has developed was to install lifts in almost every MRT stations , creating a barrier free route .
All these developments do not only help the elderly but also the disabled and pregnant women as well , thus developments in these area is definitely worthwhile .
In conclusion , all the research and developments and policies the government has invested in have made aging a more joyous and less terrifying journey .
Thus , there are an increasing number of concerns as to how to solve the problems of an aging population .
Critics argue that by limiting the government spending on the aged , it would increase the consequences of an aging population .
From August 2008 to July 2009 , Popatal ( 2009 ) found that there were 172 people who filed applications at the Tribunal for Maintenance of Parents .
This was much higher than the average of 100 in previous years .
They will not create a habit of relying too much on the government .
This means that they are capable of finding a job to support themselves and not depending on others .
There are other sectors that needed the government 's help .
If the government spending on the aged is not limited , the other sectors will be neglected .
The education sector will be an example .
The government helps them by issuing bursaries scholarships to encourage students to study hard and help those who are poor but are eager to go to school .
Taxes may have to increase and takes a bigger toil on the people .
Hence , it is important to limit the public spending on the aged so as to divert it to other areas in the country 's development .
They should also be aware that the elderly are now healthier and so are capable of supporting themselves .
A country does not only consist of the aged and spending too much government funds on the aged will cause a negative impact on the economy and is unnecessary .
Population in the world is aging rapidly and the number of persons aged 60 or over is expected almost to triple , increasing from 737 million in 2009 to 2 billion by 2050 globally .
( United Nations , 2009 ) This signals the need to deal with this pressing issue Aging Population .
In Singapore context , she has many different approaches in place and the few main ones include the implementation of Central Provident Fund ( CPF ) , development and improvement made to the existing healthcare system and elder-friendly infrastructure and the implementation of Tax Relief Scheme .
All these have indeed helped to alleviate the aging process and allow the elderly to enjoy their sunset years to the fullest .
CPF in Singapore has played a crucial role in helping to reduce the fiscal cost of elder dependency as it compels citizens to save in advance for their old age .
( Central Provident Fund [ CPF ] Board , 2009 ) Critics of this plan have debated that it is unsuitable as high costs of living makes it difficult for people to save more of their earnings for their pensions .
However , this may not be true as with judicious planning on their spending , it is not impossible for them to save more while they are still active in the work force and be financial independence in old age .
Also , other social issues associated with aging population like declining birth rate and people living longer have indicated that there will be fewer working adults available to contribute to the society and to support the aged .
Therefore , this has increased the significance of CPF as it compels people to save in advance lest they are unable or have no one to support them during their old age .
Furthermore , CPF has helped to rule out the possibilities of younger generations neglecting about the importance of saving for their old age and preparing inadequately for their pensions .
Hence , CPF has indeed helped to ease the aging process and the financial burden of the elderly as it requires people to save in advance and also informs citizens on how much they should save in order to be self- sufficient for their old age .
This instils people with a sense of security in the sunset years as they are now more able to enjoy without much financial burden .
Apart from CPF , development and improvement made to the existing healthcare system and elder-friendly infrastructure have also eased the problem of disabilities and old-age illnesses .
It may be objected that these actions are superficial and inadequate as they do not directly deal with the problems related to old age ; therefore are unable to ease the aging process .
However , this may not be the case as with improved healthcare system , it does help to benefit the elderly and their healthcare needs will be better taken care of .
Besides , with the development of more elder-friendly infrastructure within the community , this implies that the community will become barrier-free , safer and more conducive for the elderly .
One of such project is the lift upgrading programme .
( Lee , 2009 ) The improved lifts will stop on every floor and this will be able to better cater to the needs of the elderly .
Additionally , to allow the aged to move about conveniently , many places including public transportations have been made wheel-chair accessible .
Hence , with a safer environment and with the provision of elder-friendly infrastructure and unhindered access to the public facilities , these have allowed the elderly to move about freely and enjoy their old age , thereby easing the aging process .
Implementation of Tax Relief Scheme such as Aged Parent Relief is also an important step to improve the retirement security as they encourage children to take care of their parents , thereby easing the aging process .
( CPF , 2009 ) At this point , one may take advantage of this scheme to claim the tax reliefs for own use as it is nearly impossible for the government to keep track of where the money is spend on .
For instance , the government has passed the Maintenance of Parents Act to allow elderly parents to file lawsuit against their children who have failed to carry out filial obligations .
( Khalik , 2009 ) Hence , this act has helped to deter the children from making use of the tax relief scheme inappropriately and has also sustained the main objective of the scheme promote filial piety .
All these helped to encourage children to look after their parents and at the same time , ensure that the elderly parents will be at the receiving end .
Hence , these approaches have increased the seniors ' confidence and security towards their sunset years .
Overall , the different strategies such as the introduction of CPF , the development and improvement of the elder-friendly infrastructure and healthcare system and the implementation of tax relief scheme have indeed helped to ease the aging process to a large extent .
These strategies have helped to ensure that the elderly are self-sufficient during their old age and also allow them to live in a more conducive and barrier-free environment .
Although there is still room for improvement , current strategies have already done a pretty great job in ensuring that the individuals have saved enough for their old age and thereby increasing their sense of retirement security .
All these have indeed made the process towards aging a more enjoyable and fulfilling one and it allowed the aged to truly enjoy their well-prepared sunset years .
Expenditure on the elderly is taking up more of the government budget due to the aging population .
Money that can be otherwise spent on the country 's development has to be used on settling the problem of nations on the long list of greying nations in the world .
These countries are spending more and more money on health care , infrastructure and transportation especially accustomed to the needs of the elderly .
Due to this , the country 's development in other areas has to take a step back , thus resulting in the inability to attain her potential .
In the following essay , I shall discuss the problems that are brought about by the increase in public spending on the aged and the areas that could have been benefited if the fund is used on them instead .
When a country like the United Sates ' elderly population increased eleven-fold between 1900 and 1994 and it is evident that this will bring about an increase in personal assistance for the aged .
( Hobbs , 1993 , 25-1104 ) This will translate into the rising funding so as to provide care for this group of people .
On top of the money put aside into health care especially for the aged , barrier-free access like wheel-chair friendly roads and transportation system have to be set to accommodate to them .
To deal with these global aging problems , governments around the world have to reserve a large proportion of the already limited public spending for elderly .
This result in reduction of the government budget for the country 's development in both economically and socially .
The fund used on the elderly could otherwise be spent on allowing the country to have better economic growth by building better infrastructure for the commerce , industries and an improved education system .
In this way , the general population will be able to benefit from the increased in income as a result of the economic growth .
On the other hand , it is not morally right to leave the aged to fend for themselves especially they had contributed in one way or the other to the country 's development in their younger days , so they should rightfully enjoy the fruits of their labour .
It is true that the government should reward the aged for their contributions , but in order for the country to continue enjoying sustained growth , the public spending have to be diverted to other areas of the country 's development .
In addition , the responsibility of supporting the elderly does not only lay on the shoulders of the government , the elder themselves should plan for their retirement when they are still economic active .
This is done by implementing policies like the Medisave system , where Singaporeans have to put aside a certain percentage of their income into the Medisave account .
( Central Provident Fund ) This system is to ensure that the senior citizen will be able to live on their own savings in the Medisave account .
In cases , where the elderly are childless or physically ill due to aging , then it will be the government 's duty to take care of them .
However , in contrary to what common perspective of the elderly is , Pat Thane argued that , they are not inevitably unhealthy .
As the living conditions improve and technology advances , people are able to lead a healthier lifestyle and live longer as compared to the past .
Thane also cited that " evidence that many tasks can be performed as well by people in their seventies as by younger people , even when they involve quite heavy physical or intellectual demands .
" ( Thane,1991 ) As a result of the above mentioned arguments by Pat Thane , the Senior lecturer in Social Science and Administration at Goldsmiths College , London , and old age might not necessarily translate to being a burden to the society .
The elderly , especially the " young elderly " , can surely be able to earn a living on their own if they do not have the luxury of their children supporting them .
Therefore , an aging population might not posing problems as feared .
In summary , public spending on the aged should be limited because the fact that the elderly should have planned for their old age when they were young and they might still be able to support them if the need arises .
Concluding this , the country will be able to progress if their citizen do their part in planning for their retirement and , or their children supporting them .
Many countries are currently experiencing aging population which leads to a series of related economic and social problems .
For instance , workforce gets smaller as elder workers retire and working class have to pay more taxes due to the slower economic growth and the need to provide more healthcare services for the aged .
Even though the world is facing aging population , public spending should not only be spent on the aged as there are many other factors that need to be taken care of in the country 's future development .
Aging population is already an inevitable problem in many countries such as Japan and Singapore .
Therefore , public spending had been reviewed to address this problem and it helps to reduce the negative impact of aging problems to the society .
However , due to the practical reasons , a country has its limitations on supporting the aged .
Hence , countries should assess other important areas that public spending should be focused on as well .
As the aged are used to receiving allowances and subsidies , the lack of government aids might affect their well-being .
They would be unable to support themselves especially with the increasing level of healthcare costs .
According to the Singapore Department of Statistics , the Consumer Price Index for healthcare had an increase of 3.6 % from February 2008 to February 2009 .
This would translate to higher costs of living for the aged .
In conservative countries such as Singapore , children are expected to take care of their parents by providing them with allowance to meet their daily needs .
Children should remember how their parents have taken care of them when they are young and hence , should do their part in demonstrating the value of filial piety and take care of their aged parents , instead of relying on the country to help .
In order to ensure that the aged are properly taken care of by their children , government could introduce policies and enforce it on all .
This would help to enforce the emphasis government places on moral values and also directly reduce public spending , which could be diverted to other areas of development .
Other areas of development included addressing social issues such as the decrease in the birthrate and the increase in child abuse cases .
In Singapore , the Marriage and Parenthood package with the extension of the Baby Bonus only attained marginal success in increasing the birthrate of Singaporeans .
Median age of citizen mothers at first birth had increased over the years from 28.6 in 1998 to 29.4 in 2008 , thus causing the fertility rate for the prime childbearing age group of 20 to 34 to decline .
Hence , public spending could be used to introduce more programs and subsidies to encourage having larger families instead .
According Social Statistics 2009 conducted by Ministry of Community Development , Youth and Sports , the number of child abuse cases investigated in Singapore had increased from 154 in 2007 to 176 in 2008 .
In addition , it is essential to increase public awareness through campaigns and seminars to allow public to have a better understanding on child abuse .
In conclusion , public spending should be used on the aged but also not neglecting other problems arising which hinders the country 's development .
Too much of the nation 's budget is spent on aiding the elderly and the government should limit and channel these funds to other more important areas for country 's development .
The elderly receive subsidies in various areas such as housing and medical subsidies .
Children are obliged to take care of their parents and this will lessen the burden on the society to take responsibility for the well-being of the elderly .
Excess funds should then be channeled to other areas for country 's development .
Many may think that with the obligation to support their parents , the working family members will bear a heavier burden to provide for their parents .
However , providing for the parents is not an additional burden for the children as benefits are reaped when they take care of their parents .
For example , tax relief for adults who live with aged parents has been increased to $ 5000 and CPF Housing Grant Scheme to encourage young couples to stay near their parents ( " Round Up Speech " , 2007 ) .
Therefore , it is not true to say that the working adults bear a heavier burden from supporting their parents when government incentives are provided .
Elderly nowadays are able to support themselves .
Chan ( 1999 ) showed that elderly respondents with CPF accounts are significantly less likely to rely on children as their main source of financial support , evidence suggests that as CPF coverage widens , reliance on children will probably decrease .
Policies such as compulsory CPF and Medisave savings both require citizens to set aside part of their salary to meet their future retired needs .
Even if the elderly can support themselves , some may argue that they pay taxes and should be allowed to use these funds set aside for them .
Everyone should be responsible for their well-being .
The aged should still continue to work even beyond their retirement age when they are still capable of supporting themselves .
In recent years , the government have been promoting elder employment and raising the eligibility age for employment .
Others may think that the elderly have already contributed their share to the society and should now retire .
However , instead of letting them idle at home , the retired should be allowed back in the workforce and continue contributing to the economy .
Their contributions not only benefit themselves financially , they are also able to share their precious experiences with the apprentice .
With elderly returning to the workforce , they are less dependent on the government subsidies and thus , less funds should be set aside for the elderly .
Elderly will be supported in their retired days through various methods such as support by their working family members and support from government policies ( CPF savings , Medisave funds and Elderly bonuses ) .
All in all , funds should be limited and directed to other more important areas for country 's development so that the country will be able to remain competitive in the economy and achieve sustained economic growth .
Countries like Singapore and Japan have a social security system in place to help the aged , and at the same time , a substantial sum of public spending is put into their health and welfare .
( Takayama , 2005 ) However , public spending should also be allocated to other areas of the country 's development such as education , small medium enterprises ( SMEs ) and infrastructure sector that would benefit the public and are effective in tackling the aging issues in the long run .
Therefore , the public spending on the aged should be limited so that money can be diverted to other areas of the country 's development to strike a balance and tackle the aging issues .
One nation 's economy success depends on the quality of the workforce .
( Edwards , 2008 ) With highly educated future generations , they will tend to earn more incomes and more health conscious , thus less reliant on government for health and welfare .
( Friedland and Summer , 2005 ) Singapore owes its economic success to the good management in the education system and the demand for skills through training the workforce to meet and keep up with the economic changes .
( Lee , Goh and Fredriksen , 2008 ) Singapore 's social security system , which focuses on self-reliance and individual savings , is in line with the compulsory saving scheme , Central Provident Fund ( CPF ) .
The CPF Education Scheme allows people to use the ordinary account to pay for the tertiary education in the local institutions , and at the same time , encourages more people to further their education .
( Mehta , and Wee , 2004 ) Education can also be a channel for the nation to emphasize filial obligations in order to increase willingness of the future generations to take care of their parents when they are old .
( Peterson , 2001 ) As part of the Singapore 's education system , National Education aims to foster national cohesion , sense of belonging and good moral values .
( Ministry of Education , 2009 ) Nevertheless , educating the workforce , including the aged , on the importance of planning for retirement and continuous skills upgrading are also essential .
This allows the workforce to start accumulating their wealth until the retirement age and at the same time , especially for the aged to remain productive through skill upgrading .
( Peterson , 2001 )
The various schemes aim to help the SMEs increase their revenue and attract investors through upgrading the existing business operations and creating gateway and funding opportunities .
( Spring Singapore , 2009 ) In 2008 , the National Research Foundation ( NRF ) announced that 75 million Singapore dollars was set aside to support Proof-of Concept grants ( POC scheme ) for the SMEs to strengthen innovation and entrepreneurship as the sector contributes over 40 % of the GDP and half of the employment workforce .
( Loh , 2007 ) At the same time , the government also provides grants to support SMEs to recruit , retrain and retain their workers especially the older workers to ensure productivity .
Two examples of the grants are the Human Resource Capability Package developed by SPRING Singapore and the Singapore Workforce Development Agency ( WDA ) , which improves and strengthens SMEs ' human resource management capabilities and the ADVANTAGE !
Scheme , which motivates SMEs to recruit older workers .
( Ministry of Manpower , 2006 ) These will help to lower the barriers to elder employment , enabling them to work longer and accumulate more wealth for their retirement .
( Peterson , 2001 )
Enhancing and upgrading of common places such as sport facilities , schools , public housing estates , roads and parks are to satisfy the needs and convenience of the public .
In 2009 , Singapore Senior Minister of State for National Development announced that the government plans to spend between S $ 18 and S $ 20 billion on infrastructure projects and another S $ 15 to S $ 17 billion in 2010 and 2011 respectively .
Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong noted on the National Day Rally Speech 2009 that new general hospitals ( Khoo Teck Puat Hospital and Jurong General Hospital ) would be built in response to the healthcare needs in Singapore , on top of that , there is also a need to build step-down care .
Twinning the current general hospitals with the community hospitals , which are run by charitable organizations , will make healthcare affordable for all , especially the aged .
For example , a bridge would be built to link Tan Tock Seng General Hospital to Ren Ci Community Hospital that enables the patient from Tan Tock Seng General Hospital who is stabilized to be moved to Ren Ci Community Hospital for recovery and pay lesser for the cost of healthcare .
Singapore uses only one-fourth of its taxes , which is about only $ 381 per capita on health and individuals pay for the rest .
( Callick , 2008 ) This shows the importance of tackling the roots of the high cost of healthcare instead of using the public spending directly on the aged .
For all nations , wise planning on public spending and wise policy planning are very crucial as they influence one 's future .
( Friedland and Summer , 2005 ) Creating welfare dependency on the government only solves the issues temporarily .
Instead , it should be used on other areas of development to tackle the roots of the issues and improve the quality of life .
Public spending means expenditure by government , covering the military , health , education , infrastructure , development projects , and the cost of servicing ( paying off the interest on ) overseas borrowing .
Aging problem likely causes a substantial increase in public expenditure on health .
But the stable development of society as a whole needs the balance of public spending on all aspects .
Above all , many recent reports from developed countries have found that ageing will have only a small effect on the healthcare expenditure in future , thus spending on the aged can be limited within a certain small scope of the proportion of GDP .
For example , reports from the United Statesthe United Kingdom and Australia have reached similar conclusions .
Firstly , the older population is not spending a large proportion of the country 's GDP , and the fact is not simply that the relatively greater proportion of older people there is , the more spending is as a percentage of GDP .
For example , the Sweden and the Australia have similar health outcomes , as measured by life expectancy .
But in 2000 , 17.3 % of the Swedish population was aged 65 years or older ; it spent only 8.6 % of its GDP on health .
Secondly , many countries have adopt effective strategies to make the effect of population ageing on health expenditure to be small and manageable , Here is some of the strategies : ( 1 ) stratify the old by age and sex ; ( 2 ) give the limited coverage of the public pension system , new means-tested benefit for the elderly to reducing poverty ; ( 3 ) increase transparency about self-employed income to ensure fairness in the financing of social insurance systems , including the new long-term care insurance .
Here I just give three of them .
First , the factors that increase the financial expenditure has been over-emphasized , while the factors that make it less is likely to be ignored .
It is true that older people use more healthcare than younger people and that the proportion of older people in the population is increasing , but there are some another elements reduced the overall incidence of ill health .
Second , some group of people may , as the reasons for their positions or interests , require a significant increase in public spending on the aging population .
Compared to long-term economic development they may more concern about their own welfare .
Another is the government .
Because of an increasing number of elderly voters , in order to win majority support , politicians may provide excessive benefits to the elderly .
The other is private medical institution .
Third , some increasing fiscal spending due to other causes have been mistaken that it is caused by the aging population .
Firstly , the cost of pharmaceuticals and diagnostic tests increases .
The report published by the Australian federal governmentfound that in the growth in federal government health spending over the last decade .
Thirdly , normal doctor 's prescription prefers newer and more inclined to expensive , but not necessarily more effective drugs .
If the public spending on the issue of aging unrestricted , the coming wave of retiring Baby Boomers may wash away projected budget surpluses , erode existing spending priorities .
For example in American , it is already estimated that over half of federal domestic spending outside of interest goes to people 65 and older .
Other harm is that the burden of the government will increase as the richer old people will take hold of healthcare policies , offing money to the old that do not truly needs help .
For example , in the Korea , there is pressure for increased outlays on pensions , healthcare .
As a conclusion , the public spending on the aged should be limited , so that money can be diverted to other areas of the country 's development .
Many countries including Singapore are facing the issue of the aging population .
There are many implications to this issue and one of such implication is that the spending by the government on the aged has increased in order to deal with this issue .
This affects the amount of available funds to spend on other areas of the country 's development such as the economy , education and infrastructure .
Thus , in today 's society , much has been debated on whether public spending should be limited so more money can be diverted to other areas for the country 's development .
Furthermore , in Singapore where it is currently experiencing low birth rate , developing education aspect for the young is crucial to ensure there will be sufficient of local talents in the future .
This is to ensure that Singapore will be able to stay competitive with other countries in the future .
Hence , if the government does not limit the spending on the aged , smaller budget will be left for developing education .
This may affects the country in long run .
It can also be argued that there is a greater need to spend on infrastructure development as it is an important area for a country development .
Limit spending on the aged means that there will be a larger amount of funds available to spend on infrastructure development .
This fund allows the country to develop proper infrastructure such as roads , electricity and even water supply to attract more foreign investors in setting up firms in the country .
Superior infrastructure attracts foreign investors in setting up business in the country as it reduces production cost and also increases accessibility for their business .
Therefore , if government spending on the aged does not limit but increases due to aging population issue , the budget on infrastructure development will be lesser and this may affect the country 's economic development negatively .
Another reason to limit public spending on the aged is that there is a need to set aside larger amount of money for economic area especially currently when there is global economic downturn .
As economy is a key area of a country development , government should spend more money on economic development in order to sustain a healthy economic growth .
In addition , a prosperous economy will leads to the increase of affluences .
This means that the burden of supporting the aged by the society will be lessen .
Thus , spending in the economy will bring beneficial for both the country and the aged in long run .
On the flip side , spending on the aged is as equally as important in spending on any other area for country development .
Limit spending on the aged does not mean that government should not spend on them .
Moreover , this group of elderly had work hard for years when they were young and had contributed to the economy and society .
From this essay , I conclude that there is a need to limit public spending on the aged as there are other areas that require money for the country 's development .
There is a need for government to take a wider perspective of the different areas that need money as much as the aged when deciding on how much money to spend in each area .
Thorough the entire world , the national leaders of developed countries are anguishing about the crisis of aging population .
A country budget would be spent in a few key areas such as defense , healthcare , environment , transport , research and development , education .
Public spending on the aged is necessary but should be limited in order for money to be diverted to other areas of the country 's development .
If majority of spending is focus on the aged , it would limit the growth of the country which consequently lowers that standard of living for all .
Firstly with a shrinking workforce and increase in expenditure required in welfare , the country needs to focus on developing the further generation .
" All who have meditated on the art of governing mankind have been convinced that the fate of empires depends on the education of youth " a quote by Aristotle clearly state that education is the crucial factor to determine a country success and progress .
With proper education system the young will be more productive when they enter the workforce .
Hence a highly skilled workforce in turn boosts the country economy and sustains the additional demands of a graying population .
Therefore a portion of public spending should be place to align education structure which equips the young with right mind set and skills relevant to the needs of the workforce .
Secondly , a key area which requires funding is the research and development programs of a country .
With strong support on research , new breakthrough can be discovered to cure chronic illness or age related diseases .
The cost of health care could be lowered with advancement in science , medication which is more effective and lower the drug 's side effects .
Effective medication would translate into a shorter time spent in hospital .
Therefore it lower elderly burden on healthcare and improve or stabilizing the health of frail elderly .
It may be objected that the amount invested in research does not produce equal rewards .
However , without continuous trials and error then new innovation could not be made .
It is due to the persistent effort from researchers that many of today technology had been discovered .
A country would be considered extremely vulnerable to menacing country with its graying population ( less able-bodied individual ) and lack of improvements on weaponry .
Thus with adequate funding on the research and development , it will in turn place the country in a better position .
Thirdly , an emphasis should be place on the country healthcare system .
With a shrinking workforce and ever-increasing cost of living , the aged would even have difficulty coping with daily expenses , what more medical bills .
A critical illness could empty out elderly entire retirement fund and thus government should provide medical subsidy .
If the government does not provide any form of aid and shift the responsibility towards the family or society it will have catastrophic consequences .
Society could deem the government as unsympathetic ; it lowers the people 's morale .
Those who are more affluent might migrate causing a loss of investors and talent which affects the country development .
Statistic has also shown that there is an increase in spending on prescribed medicine expense ; from $ 535 in 1999 to $ 1410 in 2001 .
( Goulding , 2005 ) The family footing the medical bills will in turn have less capital for other expenses ; namely , children 's education , daily necessity .
Needy household might encourage their child to take up part time job to supplement the family finances .
Children might be grow up to be ineffective workers as their education had been disrupted .
This would negatively affect the society and the country economy on a whole .
A developed country with graying population bring about a shrinking workforce , if spending are focus on the aged it could cripple the country 's economy and halt developments .
With appropriate distributed spending on key areas such as education , research and development and healthcare it could allow the country to progress despite additional demand of aging population .
Leaders of the country should balance the benefits of individual , society and country with care to maximise the country potential for development .
Sectors like housing and consumers 'market had to be carefully taken care of .
The economy underwent a series of revolutionary changes due to the positive surge in population , hitting greater heights as the trend continued .
If no effort is put to limit the increasing healthcare and social security costs , expenditures on other priorities will soon come under pressure .
Although spending on the elderly is inevitable in the face of aging population , careful spending is necessary in diluting the effect of fiscal consequences .
Limiting elderly spending does not confine only within the present .
It is about coming out with a permanent solution which would curb the spending in the long run .
Therefore , the fiscal outcome may not turn out to be ideal , other expenses such as education and national defence will end up being squeezed .
Government should spend more money on creating healthcare awareness .
As the average life expectancy in the world increases , people are living longer and they become more vulnerable to contracting chronic illnesses at the old age .
It is important for the elderly to know how and where to seek for help once they contract an illness because they can tackle the illness at the earlier stage , thus reducing the hefty healthcare costs if it is treated at the irreversible stage .
Eventually the economy will be benefited when people become healthier and spend lesser on their healthcare .
After all , the benefits of this measure will definitely outweigh the expense , and is able to cut down the amount spent in the medical sector in the future .
However , in the future , bulk of the working population will have to come from the retiring baby boomers .
There are several limitations to the extent of how the productivity can be increased among these workers .
Firstly , for the more well-offs elderly , they are less willing to work as they want to enjoy their retirement .
Hence , in order to have a better economic growth , the process should be viewed with a more comprehensive perspective .
Government should provide a wider protection net for the elderly , such as implementing health insurances , promoting health campaigns , better welfare programs so as to reduce the mental and financial burden on the aged .
Although economic growth is important in providing care for the elderly , the limit standards on the elderly spending should be set carefully , so that they would not create any adverse effects on the economy .
As elderly will likely to form the core of the population in the future , they are becoming the major source of the economic growth .
Therefore , the government has to channel more resources to look after the welfare of the elderly , especially in the healthcare sector where additional hospitals , such as the Jurong Hospital , are being built in Singapore to meet the escalating demand for healthcare and to provide better services .
This then gives rise to the problem of the inability of the aged being self-sufficient and self-supporting in old age .
Moreover , employers often hesitate to employ them as the 21st society is rapidly immersing in technologies and there are many young professionals who , although may not have the work and management experience , but have the much sought after skills .
In addition , the elderly might be reluctant to work due to over reliance on the government .
Aside from providing financial support to the elderly , the government should try to help the elderly in other ways so as to reduce the dependency of the elderly on the government .
From young , the values of filial piety are taught in school and instilled in them .
The government came up with The Maintenance of Parents Act in the 1996 and has been studying to best use this legal pressure to ensure that the children will take care of their parents as filial obligations would reduce the reliance of the elderly on the government , therefore , the government 's budget on the elderly need not be as huge .
The government has highlighted to the public the importance and benefits of financial planning for their old age .
Advance financial planning allows the people to provide for themselves when they have retired or incapable of supporting themselves financially .
The CPF sets aside a sum from their monthly salary to prepare for the rainy days and one 's old age .
The various aspects of the benefits of CPF includes retirement , healthcare , home ownership , family protection and asset enhancement .
The government has a duty in taking care of the aging population .
However , they should limit the public spending on the aged .
The responsibility to look after the aged should be shared between the children as well .
In addition , the aged could prepare themselves for the old reducing the burden of others .
Limiting the public spending on the age reduces dependency of them on the government .
However , the government not only has to deal with reducing ageing population but to attend to the needs of the aged as well .
There is a need to subsidize the aged for their healthcare , transport , facilities and in other areas .
One may argue that public spending on the aged could be spent on country 's development .
Whether the country develops or not , public spending on the aged should not be limited .
The aged still deserves to receive the best welfare given by the country .
It is known that they had contributed to the country for during the prime time of their life .
Their contribution should be recognized .
By limiting public spending on the aged , it may signify that the government perceives that the country 's development more important than the welfare of the people .
Due to this , some of people would resent the government for regarding development more important than its people .
In the extreme cases , some of them would hold protests to vent their anger towards the government .
The people may view that the government sees the old aged as a burden , not wanting to taking care of them .
This could cause the people to be skeptical about their welfare for their old age in the future .
And the migration of the workforce would lead shortage of workers in the country .
Therefore , this causes economic development of the country to be reduced rather than growth .
On the other hand , limiting the amount of public spending spent on the aged could help the country to develop more effectively during crisis .
If the country is facing an economic downturn , its revenue is reduced .
Money should be spent more wisely on helping the country to get out of the economic downturn .
With the reduced revenue , the government should be more flexible by limiting the public spending on the aged .
By limiting the spending on the aged , it helps the government to have more funds available for getting the country out of the economic downturn .
More public spending could be allocated to skill upgrading for workers , education and building projects .
Despite the economic downturn , the government could use money from their reserve fund instead .
This could be a morale boost for the people because the spending on the aged by the government is not reduced despite the economic downturn .
The limit of public spending on the aged is important because it indirectly controls the funds which would be channeled into other areas of a country 's development .
This accounts for the dilemma in the amount of spending to be diverted towards the ageing society as many believe that money directed to boosting a country 's economic growth is more practical than spending it on an ageing population which offers no economic returns .
Hence , a country should decide on the level of limit of spending they want to commit on the ageing population as different levels would lead to different results .
For a country which places low limit on the public spending of the aged , the amount of investment being channeled into other areas of the country 's development would be lower than another with a higher limit on the public spending .
For example , Britain spends more on their ageing population as compared to America and their level of investment in research and development is lower than that of America .
However , this is not to say that the public spending on the aged is the sole factor for the cause of lower investments in other areas of a country 's development , it is only one of the many factors .
Nevertheless , it still affects the level of fund being diverted to a country 's development .
A low limitation limits the funds being diverted to other areas of the country 's development such as education , technology and economic investments .
This would then lead to an overall fall in the revenue of a country which will translates to a drop in the public spending on the aged ( Weil : 1997 ) .
Thus , it can be seen that negative results are being achieved with neither the aging population nor the country 's economy benefitting from it .
However , it may be argued that countries such as Britain are still progressing well in the global economy despite a high level of spending on the aged population showing that a low limitation on public spending does not equate to a halt in the progress of a country .
In addition , the low level of limitation would mean that quality healthcare are being catered to the elderly as sufficient money are being invested in them , this may lead to a healthier ageing population which may then contain the spread of elderly illnesses ( Dunnell : 1995 ) .
This containment could possibly lead to a fall in money being diverted to the aged population as they are healthier now , hence increasing the funds being diverted to other areas of a country 's development .
For instance , Singapore spend approximately 9 million on her ageing population , encouraging elderly independence instead thus she has a greater amount of money to be diverted to other areas .
With a lesser fund being channeled to the aged population more of it may then be focused onto areas that can spur the development of a country .
This may allow improvements in fields such as , infrastructures , research and development , education and technology .
Hence , it may attract more investments and that can generate more revenue of a country which can then increase the spending on the aged population ( Weil : 1997 ) .
This would then translate to a more serious problem as the country would then need to pump in even more money to increase the health standard of the elderly in the future ( Weil : 1997 ) .
Hence it can be seen that different levels of limitations on public spending produces different results which can be both good and bad as shown above .
These results may not be the same for all countries because each country has their own unique way of implementing different policies to deal with their ageing population .
But there is no doubt that public spending on the aged should be limited because it affects the level of fund being diverted to areas that aid the development of a country , however more importantly , it is the level of limitation that a country has to take note of .
Each country will have a different level of limitation because of the differences they have within their society .
In conclusion , each country should understand their society well and implement a limit which will best benefit their ageing population and economy .
This unprecedented demographical shift with the number of dependent adults surpass the number dependent children envisage serious negative impacts , from declining of work forces and real GDP to sharp increasing of elderly fiscal cost , that will impoverish and subsequently impede developmental growth .
Nonetheless , current research and development as well as policy have preeminently help to alleviate the dire consequences of aging process towards society .
Alzheimer 's or Alzheimer Disease is the most common form of dementia mostly diagnosed on people aged 65 and above .
For example , last year , Prana Biotechnology in Melbourne ( Reader 's Digest , Sept 2009 ) developed PBT2 that targets and reduce beta amyloid , a sticky protein hypothesized to be the cause of Alzheimer 's which form plaques that kills brain cells .
Other drugs such as Rember , are announced to delay progression of the disease up to 81 percent while Dimebon promised to power and halt the perishing of brain cells .
Researchers also hope to develop early detection methods which will help by prescribing preventive medication before the actual occurrence of the disease .
This implies that aging perhaps can be influenced with manipulation of certain cells .
The breakthrough took place with the discovery of Sirtuins , a group of anti-aging genes ( Dipp , Guarente , Westphal , 2007 ) with unique positive correlation in other words , affect age- related diseases including cancer , diabetes and neurodegenerative disorders .
The theory by a group of researchers from Harvard Medical School ( as cited in Reader Digest , Sept 2009 ) suggest that " with more Sirtuins , DNA repair would be more efficient " enabling the subject ( mouse ) to maintain a youthful or healthy gene pattern into old age , eliminate traits of aging and subsequently increase lifespan by 24 to 46 percent .
Critics have argued that though these researches are seemingly impressive and hopeful , there are simply no concrete empirical evidence on their practical significance or effectiveness .
Yet , one should be constantly aware and confident of the actualization of technology 's development for a promising future on account from the past .
Also , policies are implemented in attempt to dissolve current concerns .
Despite Scandinavian welfare state such as France , countries like Singapore who have long promulgate self-reliance do adopt certain policy framework for example the 3M 's , Medisave , Medishield and Medifund simultaneously with Eldershield to protect and support citizen on the skyrocket Healthcare cost .
Government subsidies on a wide range of intermediate and long-term care services such as community hospitals and dementia care centers are available for patients especially elderly who require continuing care after hospitalization .
Efforts and workshops in collaboration between the Oxford Institute of Ageing and the Singapore Council for Third Age ( C3A ) are launched to educate as well as promote active aging among Singaporeans .
In conclusion on the whole , society should now move toward a new paradigm that aging does not equate to burdensome on the economy or development of a country .
Although fertility rates fallen , longevity increased .
Improvement of technology has certainly at this moment transformed the definition and experience of aging .
An aging population has been an issue in recent years as the increment in social needs of the elderly , public spending and burden on younger generations have governments probe deeper into the situation .
Despite these significant consequences related to an aging population , " They ( Governments ) must realize that any further expansion of retirement benefits would only impoverish future generations and limit future public spending .
As concerns have been raised on the effectiveness of excessive money injected into financing social welfare policies to arrest short term issues , the improper use of public spending will likely create much burden for the next generation .
Therefore , public spending should be spent on other sectors of the economy beyond the minimum need for social funding .
There is little doubt that social welfare policies can alleviate difficult situations that the aging population is facing today .
For example , the public assistance program can provide the elderly a sense of security for food , shelter and daily necessities .
Some of the elderly have no dependents and they live by themselves while others are looking at hefty medical bills and healthcare costs as their health deteriorates .
As the aging population grows , these spending should increase proportionately with the size to ensure that the elderly are taken care of .
Excess public spending only adds to the comfort of the aging population and does not effectively benefit the economy .
As the elderly will not be encouraged to work , it will ultimately inhabit inactivity amongst the old aged when they take for granted that governments are providing everything for them .
For instance , if an old man , physically fit , is given monetary assistance beyond the minimum necessities , he will be compelled not to work even so if the benefit greatly make up a large part of his salary .
Another instance in Singapore can be the availability of funds allocated to town councils for social welfare services , if allocated too much , the money can be used not to provide necessities but only more comfort .
The economy will not effectively utilize tax payers ' money to the best of its ability .
As resources are poured into the different sectors in the economy , growth will increase along with public spending .
This is ensured by the motivation for personal gains in the economy as each sorts to benefit the most out of the stimulus that governments inject into the economies .
For instance , as more money is pumped into infrastructural development within a country , the industries benefit as lesser time for setting up plants , tax benefits and cheaper rental , drive costs of doing business down .
As these costs decline , businesses become more profitable when they effectively try to make use of the incentive from the government and ultimately translate to better salaries for consumerism .
Governments should weigh the costs and benefits associated with each dollar spent on social policies and the economy .
They must then determine where the necessary point is to effectively solve the issues an aging population is facing and then channel the remainder into the other sectors of the economy .
With proper policies for implementation , " Public budgetary resources would be used only to secure minimum standards and basic social services .
" CITATION Tan00 \ l 1033 ( Tanzi .
V. and Schuknecht , 2000 ) , only then can the economies as well as the aging population benefit healthily from the effective use of tax payers ' money .
Public spending on the aged should be limited as money should be spent in other areas such as defense and public infrastructure as they play a more important role in a country 's future development .
Currently , most developed nations such as Japan , Singapore and Australia are facing problems of their societies turning grey as numbers working to support the old are dwindling .
This causes social security problems which concern the ability of the young to support a larger number of people .
An aging society causes a smaller working force which results to lesser tax players which might cause in a decline in government fund .
It is not feasible for a country to spend more the elderly when funds have a possibility of decreasing in future years .
Money for the aged can be saved as people should take care of their own parents when they turn old .
In Singapore 's context , each child has to take a compulsory module of moral education in their early years of schooling .
With that value in placed , responsibility in taking care of the elderly should not be pushed to the government but the people themselves .
Singapore law has derived with maintenance of parents act to protect the future of the elderly , allowing the elderly to sue for monetary needs if their children refuse to provide .
The problem that the aging population is facing right now is the lack of human resource to provide for the total population .
We should now invest in creating and attracting talents , both local and foreigners to reduce the impact of the dwindling working force .
Taking Japan for example , by year 2050 , one in three Japanese will be past their retirement age as average birth rate is reported at 1.23 babies per woman .
One of the solutions is to do a " replacement migration " where the foreign talents are attracted to replace the lack of human resource in certain countries .
Either than talents , providing high level of security is essential .
There are currently growing fears of terrorism after the September 11 attacks on the twin towers .
Funds should be casted aside for security purposes , such as military technology to protect their people from external threats .
Only by living in a safe country then can one enjoy the benefits of living in a ripe old age .
Moreover , a dwindling population signifies lesser people to defend the country .
Therefore , technology is highly needed to replace the lost of manpower .
Especially during the wallstreet meltdown in 2008 , many have lost their jobs .
With huge families facing financial crisis , the government will have to stand him to provide for the elderly in need .
Not only that , single elderly that was being abandoned or do not have kids are in a disadvantage as there are no one to support them in anything happens in the future .
Therefore , retirement age should be extended and people should be educated to work longer and save more for their future livelihood .
Elderly should be more independent instead .
Some portion of the funds can be saved if people start to become responsible of themselves and their families .
In an aging society , due to lesser tax payers , government funds will eventually drop providing a huge cut in possible public expenditures needed to sustain a country .
This year , our government intends to spend $ 42.1 million on community- based and residential programmes for the elderly and the disabled .
( Singapore Budget , 2009 ) Let us just think about the money that is going to be spent on the elderly .
However , we need to realize that the older population we are talking about here refers to people who are not only old ; they also do face certain difficulties in supporting themselves and require the help to get on better .
As mentioned earlier , one reason why we should not limit the spending is that it may not be fair to the elderly when the public spending is limited as among the elderly , there may be people who are really in great need of the support from the government .
We do know that the older population has a higher chance of facing illness and inconvenience in their physical movements .
Furthermore , based on the Census 2000 data , in Singapore , we have 14 percent of the elderly who only live with their spouse and 12 percent of the elderly do not live with their immediate family .
( 2000 ) These elderly are facing problems in their lives .
In this case , they may not have the financial ability to take care of themselves without the help from the government .
Hence , it is the government 's duty to come in and render the help to them instead of limiting the help they can receive .
Another reason why we should not limit the public spending on the older population is because of the fact that the phenomenon of ageing population is expected to continue growing .
By limiting it , the amount may not be able to cater to all needs in the future as the limit is set on the basis of the population at a particular time .
Yet over the years , when this group of people increases , especially in rather high rate , the amount needed will be more than the amount put aside then .
Then again , there is always the opposite side to the issue .
Some people may critique that if we do not limit the amount we are spending on the elderly now , this amount will increase proportionately with the increasing number of the elderly in the future .
This will cause the proportion of the amount that will be left for developments in other areas to reduce in the future as well .
In an article in the Reuters , it is indeed believed that as the United States faces growing number of the older people , pension and healthcare services will be pushed up and thus , compelling major increases in public expenditure .
( Maggie , 2009 )
However , I see the argument in the other way .
That is , the amount of money that the government can use for developments of other areas may not increase even after limiting the spending on elderly .
If we limit the amount the government pays , the additional cost falls on the shoulders of the family members which will then be shifted back to the government by family in other means .
( Robert and Laura , 2005 ) Since no difference is expected , be it limiting the amount or not , we should try to reduce the pressure that will be felt by majorities in the future-having to pay for high expenses for the elderly at home .
Instead , keeping it flexible , to be increased in times of great need will be a better choice .
Madrid International Plan of Action on Ageing ( 2002 ) suggested , " since year 1950 , the average life expectancy has increased by 20 years and is expected to extend a further 10 years by 2050 " .
In fact , it calls into the question whether the elderly really benefits from the policy implemented in the aspect of financial security , employment and living arrangements for elderly .
In terms of economics , old age financial support is the government 's main concern and therefore mechanism that provides citizens with financial security in old age has been introduced .
For instance , Central Provident Fund ( CPF ) , a comprehensive financial savings plan for the workers has been implemented in Singapore .
Although CPF was aimed to secure the retired elderly by providing income to support their basic need in old age , nonetheless , it has been accused for its deficiency .
Shantakumar 1999 , Asher 1996 and 1998 , Lee 1999 and 2001a , have pointed out the lack of universal coverage and the lack of adequacy of funds for retirement security in this CPF scheme , especially for the low-income elderly ( as cited in David R. Phillips and Alfred C.M .
Meanwhile , in a study of Asia Times Online ( Megawati Wijaya , 2009 ) , it showed a recent survey found out less than 5 % of the current elderly population rely on CPF disbursements for their livelihood .
All of these prove the failure of CPF scheme in providing a secure future life for most of the elderly .
Apart from that , government 's initiative in raising the retirement age is also blamed to be not effective .
It is undeniable that by increasing the retirement age , the elderly will be able to accumulate wealth and eventually the strain on finances in their drought years will be ease .
However , people should take note that the problem now is not about the mandatory retirement age of the elderly , but indeed the employability problem faced by the senior citizens .
National Survey of Senior Citizens 2005 ( Ministry of Community Development , Youth and Sports , 2005 ) showed that among the current generation of elderly , only 28.2 % of them are employed .
Therefore , unless the employability problem has been resolved , the increasing in the retirement age might worth-nothing to most of the elderly that are now staying unemployed .
Besides that , attractive financial incentives for promoting co-residence with the parents introduced by the Singapore government have also been argued .
Inevitably , after the financial incentives such as tax reliefs and priority housing has been instituted , there are more adult children who live with , or nearby , their elderly parents .
However , increase in the co-residence with the parents does not imply increase in the willingness of the children in taking care of their parents .
No one can guarantee that children who live nearby their parents will eventually take good care of their parents .
There may have children who live nearby their parents just because of the attractive incentives .
As suggested in the Channel NewsAsia ( Asha Popatlal , 2009 ) , there are more elderly citizens apply for the Tribunal for Maintenance of Parents over the last 12 months .
" From August 2008 to July this year , 172 people filed applications , much higher than the average of 100 in previous years " .
This figure shows that by the time the rate of co-residence increase , there is an increase in the parents ' abuse cases also .
Therefore , it is sensible for people to remain dubious about the effectiveness of promoting co-residence in improving the quality of care of the elderly by the adult children .
As a conclusion , to a large extent , current policies implemented have not helped much to ease the aging process .
For the CPF scheme , there is lack of adequacy of funds for retirement security ; for the later retirement act , there is employability problem among the elderly that need to be resolved ; for the co-residence promoted , there is doubt on the quality of care of the older parents received from their children .
Therefore , current policies should be re-evaluated in their feasibility and should be amended in order to reach the ultimate goal- ease the aging process .
''Public spending on aged should be limited so that money can be diverted to other areas of the country 's development .
''I am fully agreed with this statement .
Nowadays , a lot of countries are having aging problem especially advanced counties like Japan , Sweden , Germany , Singapore and United State of America .
This global aging is also starting to intrude some developing nations such as Malaysia and Thailand .
According to the journals 'A Graying World ' and 'Doomsday Predications about Population Aging Are Exaggerated ' , population aged 65 and older is anticipated to more than double by year 2030 and furthermore median age in many first-world countries will reach between 52 to 54 by 2050.If the fertility rates do not rise again , the problem will worsen the society .
Demographic changes due to growing aging population will have a serious consequence on health issues .
Governments are forced to spend more money to overcome it .
For instance , Singapore needs to restructure the whole health care system due to the aging population as Singapore Prime Minister mentioned .
However , the funds have to be restricted wisely and diverted to other fields of the country 's development .
Firstly , governments have to continue push up the pension age in line with rising life expectancies .
Elder is encouraged to work longer to accumulate more wealth which could be used to support themselves .
Moreover , a tardy or zero fertility rates has increased the importance of elderly workforce in the market .
They could help to boost up economic growth by involving in different kind of sectors .
For some countries with little economic growth , society faces few choices on how to care for those who are least able to care for themselves .
On the other hand , with sufficient economic growth there are more choices and fewer persons in need ( Robert B. Friedland and Laura Summer,2005 ) .The more elderly workforce in the market , the least governments spending on medical expenditures as well as lower down their pressures on aging problem .
Secondly , money can be diverted to education field in order to educate people or youngsters .
These people are not only helping government to cut down expenditures on health care , but also helping countries to generate more income as well as stabilize economic stability .
That is why a lot of countries are spending in a large portion in education .
To illustrate , education expenditures always occupy in a larger segment in fiscal budget in Singapore and Malaysia .
Besides , public policies that encourage and facilitate education , basic research , and the application of promising technologies can enhance the well-being of current and future generations of older people ( Robert B. Friedland and Laura Summer,2005 ) .In other words , elites are able to invent more advanced technology in term of accelerate nation development .
All advanced nations are using high-tech in every field .
For example , Japan is one of the countries which using the most advanced technology in manufacturing .
Its car industry almost dominates the worldwide market and always is the top-selling cars in most of the countries such as Honda and Toyota are preferred by a lot of car users .
These companies are not only making cars , but also involve in technology exploitation to benefit people .
Japan government always gives subsidies to these companies to create something more innovative in solving people daily life problems .
In contrast , North Korea is still communist country and it is conservative .
Everything is under government controlled , civilians are not given any chance to involve in monopoly or private business .
Moreover , most of the funds are spent for nuclear research and relatively there are less spending on country people needs .
This is the fact to cause the majority of North Koreans living in poverty .
In addition , governments could give subsidies or incentives to encourage people increase fertility rates .
If governments subsidize to encourage couples to have more children , fertility rates might be changed .
For example , Singapore government gives different type of incentive and benefit to support parenthood to have and raise children .
The increase of fertility rates is very important to every country as it could generate more man power as well as reinforce country military strength .
Other fields of the country development are important too .
Therefore , governments may have to choose the most sustainable and efficient way to estimate their national budgets .
The Survey of Senior Citizens ( 1995 ) showed that although the health status among respondents aged 60 and older was generally good , more than 30 per cent received treatment for some chronic illness .
About 25 per cent males and 69 per cent females either never married , were widowed or divorced .
Another policy is to ensure Singaporeans are financially secure after retirement .
Currently , Singapore 's CPF has the highest coverage of any retirement plan in Asia ( Asher , 2006 ) .
This move will increase the period of time that individual savings can last during retirement .
The Government has introduced schemes to encourage Singaporeans to maintain their parents such as the legislation on filial piety , known as the Maintenance of Parents Act ( Vasoo , Ngiam , 2000 ) .
An aging population has been much talked about in recent years .
Hauner , Leigh , and Skaarup ( 2007 ) believed that countries with a high and rising old-age dependency ratio will expect their age-related spending to escalate by 4 percentage point of GPD over the next 45 years .
As a result , governments and policy makers around the world are ready to set aside a larger portion of their countries ' budget to cater for age-related spending , with healthcare for elderly as most of their top priority .
However , to avoid compromising the development of other sectors , it is essential for policy makers to limit this perpetually increasing spending on the elderly by looking into viable alternatives .
Majority of the elderly are not concerned with how much their children give them instead they are satisfied as long as their children are able to spend time with and show their love and concern for them .
Critics of this proposal have pointed out that the money set aside for this scheme will go to waste if they pass away even before they can utilize them .
However , governments of many countries have urged that such savings scheme offers protection as health can be unpredictable .
This way , it minimizes the chances of them not being able to afford their medical bills , and at the same time reduces the heavy burden on government subsidies .
The scheme does not only provide protection for its contributors .
In addition , a substantial payout from the medical insurance will be awarded if he or she is to encounter any mishap which results in death or any form of disability rendering the contributor unable to work .
Lee ( 2008 ) proposed the plan to limit social welfare spending of South Korea in order to invest in programs that will increase the country 's economic growth .
At this point , one might wonder if this move will compromise the welfare of the society with the elderly in particular .
For example , these funds can be used in the research and development of the cures for terminal illnesses like cancer .
Therefore , a boundary to the spending on elderly should be set in order to avoid increasing the burden on future generations and upsetting of the development of other key sectors as mentioned earlier .
However , this has changed because governments and policy makers in the developed world are now confronted with the unprecedented problem of a fast aging population " claims Peter G. Peterson ( Fall 2001 ) .
The aging population has become a major issue in many developed countries including the United States , Japan and Singapore .
Increasing population of the aged created many implications on the society .
As the problem of the aging population worsens , governments have been spending increasing amounts of money to counter the problem , at the expense of other areas of the country 's development .
It is important that governments take note of this and control their spending so as not to neglect these other more important areas such as the education and the economy .
According to the text , governments are stressing filial obligation and increasing the willingness of tomorrow 's grown children to support their own elderly parents .
However , such practices are not well performed .
It is crucial for the government to spend money on the aged as not doing so will lead to social problems .
The young no longer see filial piety as important .
Elderly who are unable to support themselves and are abandoned by their children will have nowhere to turn to if the government turns its back on them .
This will lead to increased crime rates , begging and vagrancy in the country , which is harmful for society .
As countries spend more money on public spending on the aged , other important sectors such as defense and education may get neglected and become under budgeted .
These sectors are as important as , if not more important than , spending on dealing with an aging population .
For example , facing an ever increasingly challenging global economy , it becomes increasingly important for countries to focus on education to maintain a skilled workforce .
An educated workforce increases productivity , which drives the economy leading to increased wealth .
By increasing public spending on an aging population , governments risk overlooking important areas of the country 's development at the expense of the country 's overall well being .
The introduction of new technologies and treatments for the aged are relatively expensive .
People may take advantage of government subsidies to pay for the expensive new technologies which are not necessary .
Limitation of the public spending will make sure government does not overspend on treatment that is not essential so that the money can be diverted to other areas .
It is hard to cure the illness of the aged .
Governments may be spending too much money on expensive medical infrastructure such as building new facilities to suit the elderly .
Medical facilities can only prolong their life which does not have any significant impact on the country 's economy .
Instead , the governments can distribute the money into other projects that are more beneficial to the country 's development .
For example , a new entertainment centre can attract tourists which will increase foreign spending , benefitting the tourism sector .
Governments should be cautious on their spending on expensive medical infrastructure which does not contribute to the country 's future development , focusing more on the nation 's areas of development that do .
With the growing population of the aged , public spending is increasing so rapidly that governments are losing control of their spending .
Governments should forecast from a wider perspective to ascertain whether the spending is necessary or should the money be diverted to other areas .
If the usage of public funds is not well balanced , it will not only affect the country 's development , it could put the country 's future into jeopardy .
Until these days , it is undeniable that aging population is still one of the current issues that are affecting our world nowadays .
It is predicted that the problem will be worst in the future , that is many of the first world country will reach the median age of 53 .
Much should be done to help ease the aging process to avoid social and economical problems in the future .
Of all the different aspect of development that has been done to ease the aging process , the most significant field is medicine .
The aging population has forced a restructure of the whole healthcare system .
In Singapore , to provide a better life for the old aged many new hospitals were built such as the Khoo Teck Puat Hospital in Yishun and the Jurong General Hospital .
With these new hospitals , the old aged patient gets better treatment in a way that they do not have to wait too long and travel too far to a particular hospital to seek the doctor .
More comfortable hospitals are up to provide appropriate service to the elderly .
With this , the elderly will be able to enjoy their stay in the hospital and do their medical check up regularly to maintain a healthy lifestyle .
Although more hospitals were being built but many old aged patients with financial problems ca n't afford themselves to these hospitals .
On the other hand , there are also researches done on sickness which most commonly affect the old aged .
Better solutions are hoped to be found in order to help the elderly on their health issues .
For instant , in the United Kingdom , researches on dementia are being done to find a better solution to cure the patients who are mostly the old aged .
To help ensure less elderly from suffering dementia in the future , researches are now being done by the UK .
Much investment had been put into this research to defeat this sickness which is currently and will continue to haunt the old aged .
Some may argue that these researches do not help to ease the aging process because most of the time money is wasted as the proper solutions is never found although much investment had been dumped to help the researchers .
Although such may argue this way but it is better to try rather than to leave the devastating sickness continue to haunt out older generations .
Besides researches and developments on the field of medicine , social policy also plays a main role in helping to ease the aging process .
Many countries had taken this step to enforced policy and scheme to everyone so that the burden of the elderly can be lighten .
In Japan , the government has imposed the " National Pension Scheme " to all the citizens of the country .
In this scheme , a basic old aged pension is provided to all citizens who are above 65 years of age and have contributed for 25 years or more to the country .
This scheme is helpful to ease the burden of the elderly as it secure the financial need of the elderly .
The old aged can then be independent and they do not need to rely on their children for money .
The old aged can live a comfortable life without worrying or without seeking for financial aid around .
But on the other hand , with these schemes , children need not do their duty to take care of their parents .
This may end up with social problem in a country .
Much younger generation will not be filial to their parents and will not bear the burden to take care of the older generation and will tend to push the burden on the government .
Although such thoughts may arise , but there are not other better ways to guarantee the better life of the old aged .
Clearly , all these researches , developments and policies had helped the aging population to get a better live .
This effort should be continued without fail as this would guarantee the living standard of the old aged .
Thus , having the living standard for the elderly guaranteed , the social problems can also be avoided in a country .
If the country were to spend entirely caring for the aged , then many would shove responsibilities and indirectly many would also not care for their own health , since the healthy , represented by the country , would care for them .
Since birth , parents would give the best to their children from clothing to education and this should be reciprocated .
Being able-bodied and in good health , children should not forget their parents ' deeds towards them .
They should assume this responsibility in providing for their parents .
On the other hand , a substantial amount could be saved if not spent in caring for the aged , therefore enabling more funds to be disseminated for the country 's development in many other areas .
To rely on ourselves would still be the best option rather than relying on others .
For a start , prior planning is crucial where from young , one should not only be active physically but also actively saving .
This would be proved beneficial in the short run , when facing emergencies , or in the long run , when facing retirement .
This is further enhanced with incentives being offered to companies who hire them .
Instead of grieving with regards having to work after reaching the retirement age , they could actually be optimistic and take this as an opportunity to be active in the society where they could sustain or even establish friendships through interactions at work .
Although it would be ideal if the government need not have to be 'burdened ' with expenses to care for the aged , it is not feasible .
In addition , it could also be dreadful where they are those who are not well equipped with education or skills to work and who really needs the country 's help .
Help given could be in many other forms instead of just monetary value .
Although help is given , it is not encouraged for the aged to continuously be reliant on that .
Instead , with the skills acquired , they should 'venture ' out and earn a living of their own which would in turn reap many returns in both monetary value and health .
It is also mentioned " work can help us stay physically active , mentally alert , socially connected and financially self-reliant " ( Yap , 2009 , p. 7 ) .
In fact , every single one of us has a responsibility and role to play be it directly or not , which if assumed , will go a long way in caring for them and the country .
When the country 's resources are not mainly focused in caring for the aged , it could be diverted to other areas of the country 's development such as economic and social developments .
Limiting the public spending in caring for the aged and diverting it to other areas of the country 's development would reap success in the long run which many would be able to enjoy economic and social prosperity then .
A country has to always be ready to meet any form of challenges .
One such challenge in recent times would be the ageing population .
To find a solution to that problem certain amount of the public spending has to be diverted to it .
According to Robert B.Friedland and Laura Summer ( 2001 ) the working population would be able to share a large proportion of the responsibility , with the government to take care of the aged .
This is one of the long term efforts that the government has decided to invest in so that their public spending on the aged would be reduced in years to come by , as the future working population starts to emerge .
An increase in the working population will then allow more resources to be channelled out to other areas which demand such funds .
Thus proving to be a better solution to the problem , allowing the government to limit the public spending and allow fellow citizens to take responsibility .
It is necessary that the country allocates sufficient funds required for its growth and maintenance of its competitive edge therefore being necessary for the country to limit its public spending on aged .
Likewise Singapore has decided to increase its public spending in the area of research and development ( R&D ) to $ 7.5 billion ( Singapore Budget highlights , 2009 ) .
Though Singapore sees an aging population as a potential risk it channels sufficient funds to the aged but at the same time focusing on other areas of development as well .
Through R&D Singapore aims to reach greater heights in research fields which would then yield substantial profits to the nation , without which the growth of the nation would be stagnant .
A government should cater to the various groups of the population without any form of discrimination as such the spending on the aged population should not be limited .
4.68 % of the America 's Federal spending constitutes under the other assistance category in which 4 out of 5 top assistant recipients belong to the health sector ( USA spending , 2009 ) .
Health sector would be one of the areas where help is needed for the aged due to the rising medical expenditure , thus not being fair to burden them with the entire cost .
Nonetheless they should also take into consideration the cons of not limiting the public spending on aged .
If that happens and the nation decides to be a welfare state then it will fail like what Britain experienced .
It would no longer be able to a have constant economic growth which places a detrimental effect on the country .
As such the public spending should be limited .
This ageing population problem can be dealt through a solution which is to increase the working population so as to share the burden with the government to care for the aged .
Public spending should also be limited because areas like R&D need more of such funds to ensure constant progress of the nation .
Without a limit the country would then experience a decline in economic growth .
As such public spending on the aged should be limited so that money can be diverted to other areas of the country 's development .
It is an ironic truth that Singapore is facing a demographic challenge as the population aged 65 and oleder is anticipated to more than double by the year 2030.There is much concern about the current development and policies , of which older people tend to be the principle beneficiaries .
Many policies for example Maintenance of Parent Act , Baby Bonus Scheme and later retirement agreement have helped to ease the aging process significantly .
Currently , much of the public discussion about an aging society involves the responsibility of the children to look after their aged parents .
As we know , we Asian pay great attention on filial piety and it is our tradition practice to live together with our parents even after the children have married .
However , life today is different from the past , some Singaporeans have not preserved this virtue and they actually abandone their parents in the old folks home or hospitals .
Some of them even disappeared or changed their contact number after they sent their parents to the homes .
This new social phenomenon could be curbed by implementing Maintenance of Parent Act .
Some feel the state has gone too far by intruding on the delicate relationship between children and their parents .
According to that statistics , over 400 parents have sought the aid of the Tribunal of the Maintenance Act since it was set up 3 years ago .
The problem of growing aging population in Singapore could be curbed by encouraging later retirement , longer working lives , and lower barriers to elder employment , as suggested by Peterson .
Some might argue that the seniors are old and fragile which will decrease the productivity .
However , the reality remains that later retirement will ensure the senior citizens of having a high quality of life in their twilight years .
With financial capacity , the seniors would not become the burden of their families .
Not only that , longer working lives enable the elders to remain physically , mentally and socially active for as long as possible .
Being occupied with work , the aged could actually use their brains more frequently and this reduces the chances of getting senile dementia and Parkinson 's diseases significantly .
As the saying goes , 'no man is an island ' , social activities are essential for the aged to stay healthy .
The seniors could build up their social circles at the working place and this reduces their dependency on their family members .
Moreover , many have expressed their desire to work longer as they want to feel valued and be able to contribute to the society .
In a nutshell,later retirement and prolonging the working lives are effective actions to ease the problems of an aging population .
Last but not least , an aging population brings about a shrinking workforce , long-term stagnation and along with it a significant decline in real GDP .
The modern parents prefer to have fewer children compared to the past generation .
Therefore , the government introduce the Baby Bonus Scheme which enlighten the financial cost of raising children .
Furthermore , all the children born on or after 17 August 2008 will also enjoy Government contributions in the form of a dollar-for-dollar matching .
In a nutshell , it may be said without fear of contradiction that the current policies have helped to ease the aging process to a large extend .
At present , the median age is 36.7 ( Singapore Statistics , 2008 , Key Annual Indicators , ¶ 2 ) and it is estimated that if current demographic trends persist , the median age will rise to 41 years by 2030 , lagging behind only by Japan .
( Wijaya , 2009 , ¶ 3 ) The rapid growth in ageing population brings in controversial issues , one of which is related to the allocation of expenditure for the aged .
A prominent example would be public spending on healthcare , which occupies 4.5 % of Singapore 's gross national expenditure .
( Wijaya , 2009 , ¶ 10 ) Although it is one of the lowest expenditure in comparison to other countries , the fast-ageing population makes it difficult for Singapore government not to increase public spending on the aged and allocate more on other areas instead , such as the Research & Development industry .
The three main problems associated with the fast-ageing population point out that public spending should not be limited and allocated to other areas .
They are lower birth rate , rising healthcare development costs to meet growing ageing needs and the economic loss incurred from a neglected ageing society 's welfare system .
With the implementation of the Maintenance of Parents Act in Singapore , it is arguable that the young generations are not only morally responsible , but also compelled to take care of their aged parents independently .
However , the low fertility rate in Singapore challenges this argument because the financial burden resulting from the provision of aged parents is currently increasing on the fewer offspring .
It is definitely taxing for an only child to bear the financial cost of his/her parents .
Moreover , the rising cost of living such as increasing healthcare costs add on further strains to the limited young generation 's income , which often led to many cases whereby the children are unable to fend for their parents and thus abandon them .
This is evidently shown in year 2008 , in which approximately 172 senior citizens have filed applications to the tribunal against their children .
( Wijaya , 2009 , ¶ 7 ) Hence , this shows that even with current government assistance such as healthcare subsidies and tax reliefs , nevertheless , the low fertility rate in Singapore continues to urge the government to expand public spending on the aged in order to meet the needs of the ageing society .
Next , it is indeed that Singapore is a well-established country coupled with advanced healthcare facilities .
That being said , the majority perceive that current public spending amount on the development of healthcare facilities is sufficient to meet the ageing demands .
On the other hand , this is often not the case .
Singapore faces a sharp shortage of medical specialists in the areas of geriatric field and palliative care , to the extent of importing foreign nurses into the medical industry .
This implies that the government has to invest more on training local medical specialists in these fields to meet the growing ageing needs , thus , more expenditure is required .
Furthermore , hospitals are constantly facing the common problems of shortage of beds and long average waiting time ; the major factor of this problem is the geriatric patients .
The geriatric patients are often the ones who occupy majority of the hospital bed space and they suffered from chronic illnesses that require regular follow-up consultations .
Therefore , in the recent 2009 National Day Rally speech , Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong emphasized the need for step-down care such as building more community hospitals , day-care centres as well as nursing homes .
In this way , more competent healthcare is provided to the large ageing demands , since geriatric patients can receive treatment in acute hospitals and then recuperate in the community hospitals .
Adding on to the above , some will disagree that it is not feasible to expand public spending on the aged because it would neglect the development of other areas such as the Research & Development sector and the Banking & Finance sector , resulting in the loss of competitiveness and investors ' confidence on Singapore 's economy .
A neglected ageing welfare system causes social instability to the country , for instance , the citizens would feel cash-strapped with the rising healthcare costs and there would be myriad cases reporting about elderly poverty or abandoned elderly .
All in all , it has become a fact that Singapore is currently facing a fast- ageing population and clearly shows that many problems will arise should public spending on the aged be limited , such as increasing financial burden on the fewer offspring , insufficient funds for rising healthcare development costs and losing of Singapore 's economic competiveness .
On November 13 , 2006 , the prime minister of Singapore , PM Lee , said in a speech : " Singapore has treated social welfare as a dirty word .
The four tiger economics in East Asia ; Singapore , Hong Kong , Taiwan , and South Korea have taken the approach to being a 'light welfare state ' , in which they had achieved high standard of living without burdening the state with heavy social expenditures ( Midgley , 1986 ) .
In contrast , the western welfare states that fund heavily on social expenditure have hindered the functioning of private market .
With no limits set on the expenditure of welfare for the aged , a country with an aging society will face enormous financial burdens with regards to the funding of public pension system , expensive healthcare system and long-term dependency expenditures .
Concurrently , Japan is facing financial difficulties in gathering funds for their National Pension and Employee 's pension insurance .
The Japanese government is now emphasizing on achieving economic growth rather than increasing welfare expenditures to support it 's growing aging society .
It is estimated that if the deficit budget continues , Hong Kong 's $ 369 billion fiscal reserves would be wiped out by 2008-2009 ( South China Morning Post , February 23 , 2002 ) .
There is contradiction of a capitalism society being a welfare state .
This means that people will not see the need to save for retirement fund or work to be financially secure , as they know they can depend on the government .
" Encouraging senior citizens to work will helps in contributing back to the society , and at the same time , ensure that they are financially independent .
However caring for the elderly , especially those who can not provide for themselves , is being prioritize as a nation issue .
The 'light welfare states ' besides having the support from the government body , they rely heavily on the private sector and family in providing care for the aged .
There are also other public assistance programs for medical , housing , transportation , and even funeral preparations , after a means test .
In addition , there are the public and private sector mix of welfare programs and organization .
In Singapore , there are " over 300 existing voluntary welfare organizations and service providers " and recently , the Centre for Enabled Living ( CEL ) , with effort from the government , was launched to provide a first-stop referral service to the existing welfare organisations .
Family support and close kinship , which exists strongly in Asian society , has also helped in decreasing state 's welfare dependency .
In conclusion , public spending on the aged should be limited so as to prevent incurring heavy financial expenditures , and the spreading of the 'welfare diseases ' that undermine the incentive to work .
It will not be a feasible plan to drain off money from nation reserves to fill up a bottomless pit .
Money can be diverted to other areas of the country 's development to grow revenues in order to support the aging population .
The responsibilities of caring for the aged are divided or relied heavily on private and family sector , to lessen the burden on the state .
Helps are readily available to those who are incapable of providing for themselves .
Aging of population is a summary term for shifts in the age distribution of a population toward older ages ( Leonid A. Gavrilov and Patrick Heuevline ) .
Thus this refers to an increase in the population 's mean age which is generally due to the decline in birth rate and the increase life expectancy .
Problems associated with aging population will be the increase in social and healthcare cost and lower level of productivity .
As one ages , our body tends to be more vulnerable to healthcare problems , this will add on to the medical cost which requires funding from the government , thus putting greater stress on the younger generation with increasing taxes .
Moreover , we will also expect a shortage of labor which affects the level of efficiency of the country .
Hence , ongoing medical research , country 's development and government 's policies can help to alleviate these problems .
Firstly , medical advancements helps to lighten the burden of healthcare costs .
With the mass production of medicine , economic of scale is obtained thus lowering the cost of the drugs .
Moreover , the polyclinics provide highly subsidized medical care which benefited the elderly greatly .
There is also an increase in research on healthier food and supplements that helps to inform and advice the public on a healthier lifestyle .
However , these benefits may only favor a small group of elderly , probably the more educated and richer ones as they are the one who can apprehend the latest information regarding the healthcare research as well as able to afford and invest on health-checks and supplements .
Long waiting queues in polyclinics due to highly subsidized medical fees may deter or disregard those elderly with real needs .
In addition , the location may not be accessible to some elderly especially to those who are physically disabled .
From another point of view , government intervention helps to solve the problem .
In the case in Singapore , the increasing number of polyclinics set up throughout the island that resolved the long queues and inaccessibility problem .
Besides this , polyclinics are upgraded to offer clean and fresh environment , for example , air-conditioning are installed and Nurse Clinician Service is implemented where patients with chronic conditions can make appointments in advance to reduce their waiting time , it further ensured the comfort level of the patients ( Polyclinics Singhealth , 2009 ) .
Health Screening in Singapore organize by the government helps to identify potential health risks with affordable price .
Additionally , free health talks conducted helps to educate elderly especially the uneducated ones and advices them in leading a healthy lifestyle .
Hence , these measures and enable elderly to have a better understanding of their body , therefore reduce the healthcare cost .
Secondly , automation helps to solve the social cost and reduces the need for younger generation to take care of aging population .
Automations such as dish-washer allow elderly to do simple chores at home and it increases the level of independence of the elderly at homes or even out to the society .
As one ages , our body tends to suffer from pains all over the body , automation such as massager helps to relieve pain hence it might reduces the possibility for doctor consultation .
Besides this , remote controlled lighting helps elderly to control the house lights with a remote control , therefore , it minimizes the risk falling in the dark .
Thus , the responsibility of the younger generation can be greatly reduced from decrease need of caretakers and medical costs .
Luxury goods such as massager and lighting system are only affordable by the rich and it may not cut down the chances of getting sick .
In addition , automation only reduces the need for human labor but there is no guarantee that it is able to drive down social costs .
When viewed from another angle , we recognize that the benefits of automation may only be resulted in an ideal situation , but the government policies helps to maximize the welfare of the elderly .
Setting up of community centre which gathers and organize activities for the elderly , such unaffordable automation is provided in these community centre and thus elderly can be benefited from it .
Hence , we can conclude that automation can be seen as a tool in relieving the aging process that can be beneficial in a long run .
In sync with the first point mentioned , extended lifespan enabled elderly to work more and longer .
Hence , higher productivity is achieved to support the population , thus reducing the burden of younger generation from the increasing taxes paid .
However , some may argue that the elderly may not be fit enough to work and as there are doubts by employers if older workforce can achieve similar level of efficiency that are expected from younger workers , therefore this makes it more difficult for elderly to look for a job .
From another point of view , there is only a minority who are unhealthy to work ; the majority should continue to work as long as they are able thus not to be deemed as extra burden to the society .
In addition , countries like Singapore has started to tackle aging problems where government is getting companies to rehire workers aged 62 .
Moreover , extended working years should be acknowledge as a result of longer lifespan and due to the increasing literacy level of future elderly , it is definitely possible for them to work longer or work more .
Therefore , it is possible that productivity can still be sustain in aging population .
In conclusion , I agree to a large extent that research and government policies implement presently helps to alleviate the aging process .
Developments in the future will be expected to be much improved and better , though aging process is inevitable , it can sure be minimized through many different areas .
The average age of human increases drastically within few years and this has lead to fast aging population and raised concerns of the governments and policy makers .
According to the Health , United States ( 2008 ) , from 1900 through 2005 , life expectancy at birth increased from 46 to 75 years for men and from 48 to 80 years for women .
The aging process has caused unprecedented problems and negative impacts to the society especially to the aged which includes health issues as the aged will face a lot of illness when they are become older .
Besides that , the economics of the country face difficulty to support the growing number of the aged as there is many vulnerable aged whom live alone and need assistants from the governments .
Therefore several research , development and policies have been used to ease the aging process to support the dependency of the aged and undeniable there is significant success in the strategies used .
To ease the aging process , governments had put a great effort in research of medicine to provide the best treatment to the aged .
Since there is an obviously advancement in technology when compared to past years , there is more inventions in medicine and equipments to treat the illnesses .
However , some people may think that the aged will not be affordable to pay the treatment fees as better equipments and treatments will increase the costs needed .
To prevent such a situation , governments had founded some insurance schemes to reduce the costs of treatment .
For example , Singapore government had introduced CPF Medisave Scheme and Medishield Scheme which can cover part of the treatment fees : the patient need not pay any deductible for outpatient treatments and Medishield will pay 80 % of the actual expenditure up to the claimable limit .
By this , governments ensure that the aged get the proper treatments to reduce the suffering of the aged when facing illness and subsequently ease the aging process .
Thus far , the governments had introduced some new economic policies in order to ease the aging process .
This includes lengthening the age of retirement so that the aged have longer working lives ( Peterson , 2001 ) so that the aged can earn more wealth when they are still working to support themselves .
The strategy like lowering the barriers to elder employment shows a great effect to increase the rate of employment of the aged .
However , some people may think that the aged is a burden to the society as they believe that the physical condition of the aged can not keep pace with the development of the country .
While this may be true , the facts show that the aged still can contribute to the economics as they have more experiences when compared to others .
They share their experiences with the young and this can help increasing the economics of the country .
By this , governments also have earned more money and used the money to help the vulnerable aged and ease the aging process .
In addition , community centers or community clubs had their policies to ease the aging process especially to help the aged who do not marriage as they do not have children and live alone or some aged whom live separately with their children .
It analysis the needs and existing services within the county and prepare a comprehensive plan for the delivery of services to the aged .
The community centers organize some activities such as performances , games and feasts to help them feel less lonely , cheer them up and make them happy and this has eased the aging process in the society .
There is also many enthusiasts and volunteers in the society that are willing to spent their time to accompany the aged as they know that this can give mentally support to the aged .
Peterson ( 2001 ) had mentioned that an aging process in a country will cause shrinking workforce , long-term stagnation and decrease in real GDP .
As a result , whole society in the country especially the aged will face a lot of problem as some of them still seeking aid from the government .
Leaders of a country must rise above ideology and engage the practical realities to cope with the problem of fast aging population .
Therefore , governments and policy makers had applied some effective research , development and policies in medicine , economics and social policy and the results in easing the aging process is visible to us and this had brought a lot of benefits to the aged which can help them to have a better life and adapt in this aging world .
By this , governments can ensure the development of the country and provide a better living environment and society to all the people in the country .
However , with the limited budget a country has , it is essential that the more important priorities are first taken care of before large scale policies are implemented to help the aged .
First of all , country should spend the bulk of their budget on areas which are of great importance .
One of these areas would be that of military .
The significance of military to a nation is so great that it is not possible for a country to constrict its spending in this area .
With the ever present threat of terrorism which has the potential to cause huge destruction , it is without a doubt that investing in military is of a greater importance than taking care of the welfare of the elderly .
The government should not hesitate to spend on the latest military technology and equipment .
This is to ensure that we will be able to defend ourselves should any undesirable situations arise .
However , others may argue that our country has always enjoyed peace and there are no signs of any conflicts with other nations arising .
With the increasing number of elderly coupled with the issue of low birth rate , the aging population problem has certainly become more pressing in recent years .
However , nation security will always be one of the most important aspects to a country .
This dire effect is something we can not afford , thus , investing in military good will definitely be one of the top priorities of the government .
Secondly , government should allocate its available resources wisely so as to obtain the most effective use of it .
To achieve this , money has to be channelled to the research and development area instead of spending excessively on the aged .
With these , we will be well-equipped to ensure a sustained economic growth and head towards a prosperous and progressive nation .
No doubt , some may argue that we should always show our gratitude to the elders of the nation by making sure that they are well taken care of .
However , if we were to divert most of our public spending to the aged now , it is almost certain that we will be facing an arduous problem in the near future .
Neglecting the other areas of our country 's development will hinder our progress and lead to limited economic growth , thus a shrinking budget .
As mentioned by Friedland and Summer ( 2005 ) in " Doomsday Predictions about Population Aging Are Exaggerated " , with little economic growth , there are fewer choices on how to care for the elderly thus intensifying the problem on hand .
Therefore , it is most essential to ensure a healthy economic growth as it will provide many alternatives to the problems our country face .
As we can see from the above arguments , due to the limited resources available , and the ever growing number of issues that need to be tended to , it is impossible to ensure that all areas of our country 's development are well funded .
Thus , the government has to prioritize and allocate our resources wisely so that we can achieve the goals of having a stable and prosperous nation .
Humanity has come a long way as we evolve and adapt to the changing environment .
Through the years , we have managed to overcome several limitations , which in the past were nothing more than dreams .
We succeeded in landing on the moon and communicating over long distance , yet there are still some boundaries we have yet to cross despite our best effort .
While we can not stop the ticking clock in our body , we have made it possible for aging to be delayed and relieved to a great extent through advance technology and modern governance .
High-tech equipments and medications are available for the treatments of more illnesses as our understanding of medicine improves and governments nowadays are doing more for the elderly population in their society .
With more emphasis placed on healthcare by governments today and the advancement of our medical technology , people get to live longer .
People , including the elderly , are made less vulnerable to the incapacitation of diseases , and in a way , we become biologically stronger .
" One hospitalisation , for example , a stroke can set you back at tens of thousands of dollars , " as stated by Associate Professor Paulin Straughan , sociologist , National University of Singapore in Channel NewsAsia ( 2009 , August 19 ) .
For this group of people , most governments intervene to help to subsidise for treatments they genuinely need .
In some others such as Singapore , the people are compelled to provide in advance for their old age dependency .
For example , in Singapore , elderly parents may file in to the court if their children do not provide for them .
In the case of government pensions , the heavy spending of public fund on the old aged may take a toll on other areas of the nation 's development .
Thus a method that works in a society may not work in another and sometimes , multiple approaches have to be taken .
However , better healthcare and protection from government result in rising age expectancy , which is a double-edged sword because on one hand , people live longer as shown in report ( Friedland and Summer , 2005 , Fig 1-2 ) and on the other hand , the proportion of aging population increases if the younger generation are not reproducing enough , and this is exactly the trend today in developed nations .
In the fast-paced society nowadays , there are several factors , such as high living cost and late marriage , discouraging people from reproducing " If fertility rates do not rise again , the problem will worsen as the median age in many first-world countries will reach 51 by 2050 , " as claimed by Peterson .
As the number of elderly increases , with a great potion due to the baby boom , there might not be enough young people in the workforce to support the economy and generate enough money for healthcare subsidies and government pension as mentioned previously .
However , this revolution has generated a rising aging population which would be a problem to all levels of the society .
Governments in developed countries should look beyond temporary solutions to rising aging population and focus on getting people to reproduce .
While there are initiatives like maternity welfare and baby bonus to encourage reproduction , I believe more can be done and hope for the better .
Many people have argued that public spending in the aged is a must for countries facing the problem of an aging population as this will have dire social , economical and cultural consequences of the country .
True as it seems , the question posed here is how the government should allocate its resources to cope with this problem .
As the saying goes , 'Give the man a fish and feed him for a day , teaches the man to fish and feed him for a lifetime' .
Therefore , the use of the country 's resources should be well diversified to different areas of the country 's development so that no one area would be compromised on .
With the implementation of elderly care hugely subsidized by the government , the aged will tend to be reliant of the government on providing for their old age .
This caused the aged to be heavily dependent of the government and thus developed a negative practice of the aged not saving for their own retirement .
It may be objected that the money which is not saved for retirement can be better spent elsewhere .
Although it is argued that the 'extra money ' that the elderly will possess will be better spent elsewhere , it may not be spent in the most efficient way possible .
Adam Smith also points out that individuals will act in his own advantage , not that of the society .
With more money from public spending spent on the aged , this also means that there are lesser money for the country 's other areas of development .
Other areas of developments that will increase the economic growth of the country will then be compromised .
Critics of this position points out that when more money are spent on the aged , it can also generate economic growth .
With better and more affordable healthcare services provided for instance , the elderly can be healthier and more economically productive .
This will allow the elderly to be able to work for longer years and delay their retirement .
This will then increase the labour force of the country and results in economic growth .
By designating the role of the caregiver of the elderly to the government , " Asian values " such as filial piety will be eroded as children would shed the responsibility of taking care of their parents to the government .
It may be objected that these values are innate to one 's identity and is not easily influenced or changed by other factors .
In Singapore , one is compelled to undertake the role of the caregiver and this compellation is backed up with law , the law of maintenance of parent 's act to ensure one fulfills one 's filial obligations .
But in view of the many problems that country would face if large amount of public spending are spent of the aged , it is only wise that the government do likewise , to diversify its public spending to other areas of development and strike a balance among the other priorities .
Technological advancement enables human to live longer .
On the other hand , the younger generation are chasing after 'live life to the fullest ' and individualistic life .
In the long run , these will translate into a low fertility rate in the country .
In the case of Singapore , the growing elderly population should not be accompanied by restriction in public spending on the aged , which may come in the forms of pension scheme , medical insurance , healthcare benefits and disabled allowance .
This is because the current benefits that are provided to the elderly are still inadequate .
In terms of welfare and poverty , there are less than 5 % of household in the low income group which are beneficiaries of the state-funded system .
Only 0.07 % receives public assistance in 2004 ( Asher & Nandy , 2008 [ as cited in http : //mathialee.wordpress.com/2009/07/30/singapores-policy-responses-to-ageing-inequality-and-poverty ] ) .
If public spending on them is limited , there would be lesser elderly who can be benefited through the government 's aid .
Therefore , an increase in social disparity and healthcare problems would be an issue to the country .
Although public spending on the elderly is an endless process and that they do n't generate much productivity to the country , we need to promote our social responsibility as a nation .
There are many elderly who are unable to support their living and have to take up jobs like road sweeping and toilet cleaning .
Besides that , the elderly were once the people who had contributed to the growth of the nation and economy .
There would not be a dire need to divert part of the public spending on the elderly to other areas of the country 's development .
The nation 's infrastructure , development and trade are in a desirable condition and the current spending on it is adequate to sustain these projects and economic growth .
Hence , the government should not focus on limiting the public spending but on the ways to spend it wisely .
One of the examples is through means-testing .
In addition to that , the money that is spent to help the elderly is partially their money which was deducted through tax payment .
Thus , policy makers have the responsibility to provide the elderly with comfortable ageing needs .
The aged should be able to enjoy the social security during their later years .
We have to be conscious that even though they are deem as a liability , they are also part of the nation and shall not be neglected .
However , there are certain groups of elderly who are single , children-less , not in good terms with their children or still need to support their 'parasite ' adult children .
On top of that , elderly who are disabled and suffering from chronic illnesses would need a large sum of money to relieve themselves from their condition .
Even with the assistance of MediSave and MediShield , elderly suffering from terminal illnesses will not be able to pay for their high healthcare cost when these accounts are exhausted ( Channel NewsAsia , 19 August 2009 ) .
Albeit this will create a sense of dependency on the government , it is an unavoidable situation where the government would need to care for its citizens ' need .
In a summary , the government should not limit the public spending on elderly and divert it to other areas of the country 's development .
This is due to the ascending numbers of elderly in the coming years that we need to deal with ( Friedland & Summer , 2005 ) .
These elderly were once the people who had helped in building up the nation and the government should show their compassion and care for this vulnerable group by not restricting public spending on them .
It is vital that the expenditure on elderly is being delegated according to their needs so that wastage can be avoided .
Hence , more elderly can be benefited through this act and it would not be seen as wastage of the country 's funds .
The aging processes in Singapore with the ensuing serious impact have drawn our attention .
Aging process requires special attention because due to the low birth rate , Singapore has became an aging country with a large fraction of its population being aged .
The governments are currently carrying out research and implementing policies to help to ease the aging process for both the elderly and country .
The latter involves developing public facilities that cater to the need of the elderly who are physically weak .
Researches on healthcare and infrastructure had been constantly improving to ease the aging process .
Firstly , the government is currently researching on the possible type of chronic illnesses that are likely to surface at a certain age of life , at the same time implementing control measure to prevent the occurring of the illness .
As saying said prevention is better than cure , thus the government sector such as the health promotion board and the Singapore eye care centre had constantly organizing campaign to draw the awareness of the elderly regarding the serious consequence associate with the illnesses .
They also provide free medical checkups for the elderly usually aged 50 and above for early detection of the illness .
This is because for those elderly who are illiterate and living alone may not know that there are such campaigns going on as they are unable to read campaign publish on the newspaper neither do they understand the advertisement that is telecasted over the television as they are mostly in English or Chinese .
Thus for those elderly that only understand dialect will not have the massage get across to them thereby defeats the purpose of the campaign .
Next , improvisation of infrastructure on public transportation and housing estate is another area of research that is being focus on .
For public transport , a portion of seat had been removed , leaving a spacious area to suit the need of the elderly that are bounded on wheelchair .
In housing estate , the government had upgraded those flat that is relatively old and inconvenience for the elderly .
Examples of upgrading is such that lift are now able to stop at every storey of the flat and within the lift there are handles for the elderly to held on for support while taking the lift .
Also all the squat toilet had been converted to seat toilet in avoid accident of elderly slip and fall when squatting and standing up .
This improvise infrastructure is said to be one stone killing two birds as it not only provide to the elderly , it also cater its benefit for the handicapped thus this research does not serve entirely for the elderly , it is also for others purpose .
Policies complement the researches .
Given the high cost of living in Singapore , the government had provided benefits for the elderly by granting subsidizes on healthcare .
This policy works well because the aged would have their saving use for daily expenses such as food and necessity .
Apart from subsidy , the government had reorganizes the healthcare system to cater to the need of the elderly .
For example , the government had taken a step-down approach by including more community hospital and nursing home in the health care sector that are more affordable than staying in the hospital .
This policy is workable as elderly can recuperate better in the community hospital as they do not have to worry much about the medical fees .
Also , the community hospital provides convenience as it is near the neighborhood thus enable them to get medical aid soon after they fell sick and it help to assure their children that there 's someone to attend to their sick parents when they are at work .
However , although the cost of healthcare is greatly reduced , there are cases whereby the elderly who is childless and do not have any saving or income neither do they have any medisave to pay for the large amount of medical fee incurred .
With this , even there is subsidy ; the elderly will still not be able to afford medical expenses .
The next policy that is suggested is to give rebate to those who purchase a house that is close to their parents .
This is likely to encourage the children to visit their parent often thus giving them a sense of warmth and security in return .
Some children will only make use of the reason to get as much subsidy as possible and they might not visit their parent even though they are living very near .
Therefore , although all these approaches provided limited ways in easing the aging process it is still a feasible and practical approach with the current research and policies implemented which had worked fairly well .
Only a small group of the aging population faces the limitations and the government can also come out with other policies to solve the problems so that the approach implemented can workable without any flaws and limitation .
Besides relying on the government , Singaporeans must also pay attention to aging issue and help to play a part to reduce elderly dependence on the government .
For instance , they can help to take care of their aged parent , be a volunteer to contribute to society that is gradually aging and works with the government .
They must put themselves in the elderly 's shoe and realize that one day they will also be aged and they will also need the support of their children and others .
In reciprocation , they will receive the same treatment one day if they do not treat others well .
In Singapore , the increasing life expectancy with the high-quality healthcare and the declining fertility rates are the causes of graying population .
Besides slow economic growth , the result of an ageing population is the rising pension and healthcare costs , which forces major increase in public spending in Singapore .
Hence , governments and policy- makers face great challenges and implications towards the ageing population .
Nevertheless , despite the fact that the ageing population is likely to hurt public finances , it is crucial to recognize the well-being and livelihood of the aged can not be compromise by investing in other developments for economic gains .
This is because the elderly has not only contributed significantly to the society ; in fact they have many important roles to play .
For instance , they represent the imperative link with our history and tradition which is a crucial source of cultural identity and social stability ( Rasheed ) .
While Singapore strives to develop itself to become a " world-class " and self-sufficient country , it is equally important for a society to be socially stable and secure .
Singapore was lauded by economists " for avoiding the pitfalls of erecting an expensive welfare state that diverts government funds from economic development " ( Burton , 2007 ) .
This is because over the years Singaporeans are encouraged and educated to be financially independent , self-reliant and plan for their old-age so as not to be overly dependent on the government .
For instance , Singapore established its social security through the Central Provident Fund ( CPF ) since 1955 , which is a mandatory savings programme that fund pensions and healthcare for each citizen ( Burton , 2007 ) .
One example would be the passing of Maintenance of Parents Act that allow parents to sue their children for financial support ( Wijaya , 2009 ) .
In other words , public spending on the aged can be limited so that the government can pour in more state 's fund into other areas of the country 's development such as education , research and development ( R&D ) , urban development and upgrading of public housing and transport .
As a result , these ongoing efforts to invest and develop the nation benefits the future generations of all ages .
Firstly , despite the fact that CPF is a flexible scheme to enforce savings for individuals , it has shows signs of weakness and was seen as insufficient to last for one 's retirement years ( Tsao , 2008 ) .
One of the fundamental reasons for the insufficient fund in one 's CPF is the population 's needs to finance their public housing especially with the government encouragement .
Additionally , it is especially hard for elderly whose wages were low during the early 60s and 70s to keep up with the rising cost of living ( Burton , 2007 ) .
Furthermore , CPF does not protect certain segment of the population who were not able to work and save during their younger days .
For instance , the housewives were not able to contribute to their Medisave because they had to raise their family and choose not to work as a result .
Eventually , this does not only burden the aged with insufficient funds to support their medical expenditures but also strain the relationship with their children as they need to provide more monetary contributions to their parents .
These reasons continue to urge the government to expand the public spending on the aged so as to sustain the needs and livelihood of the aged within the population .
In a survey , it was reported that 66.0 % of senior citizens aged 55 and above were provided with regular cash contribution from their children .
Additionally , it has shown that the dependence on children to finance their healthcare expenditure increased with age and only 35.8 % of senior citizens aged 55 and above have a clean bill of health ( Ministry of Community Development , Youth and Sports [ MCYS ] , 2005 ) .
In other words , most elderly are rather dependent on their children to support them particularly those who suffered from chronic illnesses .
This dependence is coupled with the rising healthcare cost that is taking a toll on their children 's finances .
Besides , the decline in the number of children supporting elderly parents due to smaller family sizes put further strain on the children ( Wijaya , 2009 ) .
Therefore , government ought to increase its public spending to assist and ease the strain of the children to support their aged parents .
On the whole , as Singapore population ages rapidly , it accentuates the need to increase the public spending on the aged in order to meet greater healthcare demands and rising cost of living .
As discussed earlier on , the rising healthcare costs coupled with longer living parents put pressure on their cash-strapped children to provide for their elderly parents .
Apart from that , the aged is also burdened by the inadequate funds in their CPF accounts with several reasons for the inadequacy .
In short , the aged need more financial help from the government so as to ease the strain on the elders as well as their children .
Nowadays , aging population is increasing and the problem is to be more serious .
In year 2008 , the proportion of the elderly in Singapore is 8.6 % and we estimate the proportion of the elderly in year 2003 to increase to 18.7 % .
From other perspective , an increase in the aging population will lead to an increase in the government spending on the elderly .
According to the statistic , the elderly dependency ratio in Singapore is 11.9 per 100 in 2008 .
However , public spending on the senior citizens should be limited so that money can be diverted to other areas of country 's development such as taking care of the needy , the unfortunate , the young and infrastructure .
Public money that is saved can be diverted to build infrastructure because it benefits all social classes such as the elderly , the needy , the unfortunate and the young by increasing their social welfare .
In addition , an increase of infrastructure can attract investment from abroad because the facilities are fully equipped .
Furthermore , an increase of infrastructure can attract more tourists to travel to our country .
The building of infrastructure makes tourist feel comfortable and convenient because tourists can travel around the country without barrier .
For instance , Housing and Development Board ( HDB ) with lift , Mass Rapid Transit ( MRT ) , road , building and resort are some of the facilities that can be provided to increase social welfare .
Public funds that are saved can be used to develop the economy because economy growth will increase the citizens ' standard of living .
Government can not choose everything to develop because scarce of resources such as land , fund and worker .
Therefore , the government has to choose the most beneficial areas to invest .
In addition , government can also invest in areas where the profit and social welfare can be improved so that the citizens ' standard of living will be increased .
Therefore , the citizens have more job options and find it easier to be hired .
Moreover , the citizens can request for higher salaries as the economy has improved .
Therefore , the citizens ' standard of living will be much better compared to the past .
New products and technology will benefit the citizens by giving the citizens satisfaction and convenience .
For example , a new invention 's medicine for elderly to improve health , electronic wheelchair for handicapped people and robot to take care of the children and elderly .
Moreover , some of the research and development are not only beneficial to the economy but is also environmentally friendly .
Therefore , environment pollution can be lessened by reduced usage of fuel .
In conclusion , public spending should not be mainly on elderly and the money should be used for other areas of the country 's development .
Public money that is saved can be diverted to several areas to increase social welfare and country 's reputation .
Moreover , country 's development is a long-term investment and it must be planned properly because it will affect the new generation 's future .
Senior citizens can contribute to the nation by imparting their knowledge and sharing their experience with the younger generation .
Have you ever asked yourself : How will we live in the old age ?
Who will take care of us : our descendants , ourselves or government ?
Nowadays , more and more people have to concern themselves with these questions as fast aging population is becoming a serious problem with which many countries are confronted .
In my opinion , because there are a lot of effective methods to solve aging problem except medical and welfare programs , government should limit spending on aging population in order to develop prior areas .
When the economy grows , fewer old persons need to be help because of the following reasons .
The first point that should be taken into consideration is that the more economic growth is , the more chances the elderly have to find jobs .
For example , people can invite nurse to their home to look after their old parents everyday or the elderly can live in rest home with creature comforts and a lot of care .
It is said that government should spend much money on the aging population in order to reduce burden on young people .
This argument goes on to assert that because the expenditure of time and money on caring as well as buying medicine for the elderly is enormous , public spending on the aged will help young people concentrate more on their work and improve the quality of life .
However , increasing public spending on the aged is not able to be a sustainable long term strategy .
If other prior areas of the country 's development such as education , economy are not be invested adequately , future generation of older people are likely to be even worse .
The first reason is that if people are not be educated well in their young days , their lives in the old age will be very vulnerable as people with more education tend to have higher incomes and better health .
Therefore , concentrating on prior areas of the country 's development instead of investing significant amount of money in the aged is likely to ensure better lives for future groups of older people .
Because little medical and welfare programs are launched when decrease government expenditure on the aging population , many people may have not enough money to send their old parents to rest home .
They have to spend more time to take care of their parents by themselves .
As a result , family sentiment is enhanced significantly in the society .
In conclusion , because of enhancing economic growth , ensuring better lives for future generation of older people and stressing filial obligation , limiting public spending on the aged in order to invest in other prior areas of country 's development is a good approach to solve global aging problem .
In order to make the most of the limited budget for aging population , government should concentrate to support people who really need aid such as older single women .
The aging population is a common situation in many developed countries .
With the number of elderly increases rapidly , there are numerous problems like deterioration of health .
There is a need for government to focus on these problems , in order to improve the welfare of the aged .
However , this may lead to an issue of whether the government should limit their public fund on the aged .
From my perspective , I agree that it is morally right to spend the money on the aged who had contributed most of their life in national building , instead of limiting the spending .
Critics may argue that the public funding should be use for cultivating the younger generation , who will be the future pillar of the country ; instead of spending the public fund on the elderly who are not long capable of contributing to the society .
The elderly had contributed a lot to the society .
It is because of the elderly who had once before participle in many aspects of national building such as education .
Therefore , we are able to enjoy the comfortable life today .
There is an ancient Chinese proverb " remember the source while drinking the water " which can be apply in this case .
The contributions of the elderly should not be forgotten , the need to reward them for their efforts are crucial .
Therefore , the government should not reduce the public funding on the elderly .
Instead , the government needs to recognize the efforts contributed by the elderly in national building .
The public funding spends on the construction of medical infrastructures as well as the building elderly friendly houses are beneficial to all the human beings .
Since there is no way to escape aging , the government needs to pay much attention in the issues relating to aging .
Therefore , the government had implemented the three M policies -Medifund , MediShield and Medicsave .
In addition , the government is focusing on step down care too .
For example , the co-operation between the Changi general hospital and St Andrew community health care .
These measures help to reduce the expensive medical fee for the aged as well as cater to the needs of the elderly .
These measures will benefits the younger citizens in time to come .
In the above paragraph , I had mentioned that if the government does not target on the health issue of the aged seriously , it may eventually backfires .
The unhappiness and anger toward the government 's willingness to deal with the issue may rise among the aged .
An atmosphere of anger may slowly result in strike .
Hong Kong is the example .
Additionally , the uncaring image of the government will slowing encourages the migration of the citizens .
Therefore , the government needs to pay extra attention in taking care of the aged .
On the other side of the coin , if the needs of the elderly are well taken care off , they will still be capable of contributing the society .
For example , Lee Kuan Yew , Minister Mentor of Singapore , is still active in the politic by advising the young politicians .
The requirement for Mr. Lee to remain active in the politic is good health .
Thus , it is crucial for the government to spend more public fund in dealing with medical problems of the aged .
In conclusion , the public spending on the aged should not be limited .
I agree that other areas do need public funding , and indeed money have to be spent on it .
This positive impression will in turns attract foreigners to choose the country as one of the destination for pleasure .
Aging population is a problem affecting many global countries .
With an increasing aging population , countries will face lower productivity and raises the social and healthcare costs .
Therefore , part of public spending will be placed on the interest of the elderly and the rest will be diverted to other areas of the country 's development to help boost the economic growth .
Though it is a long term investment where one takes many years to graduate to be ready to step into the workforce to help generate income for the country , but it is definitely worth the investment .
When government steps in to provide subsidies for eligible students to further their education , the country will have a population with higher qualification as it covers more of those less fortunate families who could not afford the huge amount of school fees as compared to without subsidies .
For example , the European Commission has contributed 2 billion to ICT research projects as ICT is one of the areas that underpin Europe 's economic performance and it is pivotal to the economic growth ( Europe 's Information Society , 2008 ) .
It is stated in the article that " it is essential to have continuous investment in research and development when governments ' faces difficult policy decisions to support the real economy worldwide " ( Europe 's Information Society , 2008 ) .
Another example , 2.4 % of Singapore GDP ; amounting to 3 billion euros , is spent on research and development ( Gafoor , 2008 ) .
Nevertheless , Singapore is planning to increase their spending to 6.8 billion euros by 2010 and target to spend 3 % of their GDP ( Gafoor , 2008 ) .
The main objective of the investment is to build knowledge on three areas ; bio-technology , environmental technology , and digital media and information technology , for the rapid growth in Asia .
Last but not least , business opportunities can be created with government efforts .
A well constructed environment where visitors enjoy well Internet connectivity and teleconferencing facilities in most hotels , convention halls and exhibition venues opens up the opportunity to attract local and foreign corporations .
For example , Singapore has placed a lot of efforts in constructing a place for business travellers ; one of their notable examples is the Novotel Clarke Quay Singapore , an ideal venue to hold MICE events that had just recently renovated its facilities ( Uniquely Singapore , 2006 ) .
Thus , in the year 2006 , Singapore wins the award of 'The Corporate Meeting of The Year ' ( Uniquely Singapore , 2006 ) .
This Award will in turn help to enhance Singapore hotel 's positioning as a venue for business travellers and MICE events ( Uniquely Singapore , 2006 ) .
Coupled with high education system , powerful research and development , and creating business opportunities is not all but part of the key to attract more businesses and foreign talents into a country as people are always interested to work in a vibrant country .
On the other aspect , if most of the public spending is used on easing the aging process , it will slow down economic growth because it 's more of a cost than income for the country .
The cost of building a more suitable healthcare , infrastructure , transportation , housing , pension and financial aid for the elderly is necessary to help ease the aging process as the elderly health and economic value decline , and emotional and social problems rose , but these spending should be limited .
This is because in the long run , if most money is spent on accommodating the older population , there will be little economic growth , and society will face with fewer choices on how to care for those in need ( Robert & Summer , 2005 ) .
In conclusion , public spending is for the good on the country 's population and the portions spend on the various areas will determine accordingly by different countries priority .
However , leaders in the country must realize that as more money is spend on easing the aging process , future public spending will be limited and this could have negative impact on future generations .
Therefore , growing the economy in different aspects , such as the education , research and development , and business opportunities as mentioned earlier , is the utmost importance than just focusing on solving one area of problem .
Where is all the money invested in ?
It has always been for the development for Singapore and its people .
The elderly has been perceived as the nation 's burden .
Hence , I agree that the government should limit their expenditure on the elderly so that money can be focused on other aspects for the country 's development .
The cost of living in Singapore is high such that children have resorted to abandon their parents .
As government , it is their responsibility to take care and ensure that their citizens are not suffering and to ease their plight , especially in times of recession .
The elderly had played their part in their younger days by paying for taxes and it is only reasonable for the government to repay them .
With the inflating cost of health care in Singapore , it is inevitable for the government to implement necessary schemes such as Medisave and Medishield .
In the context of the elderly , the reason why government has to spend a lot of money on them is due to the fact that children nowadays are abandoning their parents either in hospitals or old folk homes .
If we look back and consider the living conditions in the past , their sacrifices made then are no match for anything we would ever do in the present .
However , the children have to realise that by not assuming their responsibilities to care for their parents , it would affect the whole society .
The elderly should also consider ageing with dignity and actively .
This way , it will help increase the psychological and emotional well being .
In conclusion , public spending on the elderly is necessary , however to a certain extent .
We could not rely on the government as they too have other areas of development to look out for .
The fact remains that education helps individuals gain knowledge and insights to life , which is the basis of civilisation and is vital for a nation 's political stability in the long run .
For instance , the government should adopt a more holistic approach such that the skills learned in classrooms can be adapted to the globalising world .
With its well-reputable education system , the focal point of public spending should instead be placed on the elderly .
Prime Minister Lee pointed out in a newspaper report ( Mathavan , 2009 ) that the country should not overlook the issue of caring for the elderly such as providing healthcare subsidies .
However , I believe this is insufficient due to the stringent criteria placed on the Per Capita Income Rate of Subsidy .
The income assessment overlooks details such as a family having more than one elderly that requires medical attention as well .
In this case , they might encounter difficulties in paying for the medical fees as they have more than one elderly to look after .
This programme comprises of health checks , talks on how to engage the elderly socially , as well as conduct activities that help them adopt healthier lifestyles .
To maintain the elderly ' interest , public spending should ideally be spent on building more facilities island wide so that the elderly need not travel long distances .
The efforts made by our leaders though commendable , is not sufficient to ensure the elderly interests .
They are reluctant to set a family and even though they are married , they do not wish to have any children .
On the other hand , life expectancy rate has increase because people are becoming more affluent .
Thus , aging population is now a rising problem globally .
A very good example will be Japan .
A case study in 2008 have shown that 20 % of the population now in Japan is sixty-five years old and above .
By the year of 2030 , the percentage of the population who is sixty-five years old and above will rise to 38.1 % .
Aging population will be a never ending problem in this modern society .
Increasing of public spending on the aged will not be able to solve this problem .
Firstly , increase of public spending on the aged will only make the aged dependent on the government .
People may think that it is time for the aged to enjoy their life because they have slogged for many decades but they do not know most of the aged are still fit and healthy .
If one person is occupied , it is beneficial for their physical well being .
It proves that it is not necessary for the government to increase on their budget on the aged if their aged population are able to cope financially .
The money on the other hand can be put in good use by improving on their research and development .
One good example of country benefitting from research and development would be Japan .
Statistic has show that in 1987 , around 33 percent of computer related patents in the United States were Japanese , as were 30 percent of aviation related patents and 26 percent of communication patents .
Not only the country economy will benefit , it will help the country to keep on developing and moving forward so as to catch up with the competitive society .
Therefore , public spending on the aged should be limited so as to let the other areas of the country development to advance on which will result in a improve economy .
Lastly , policies have been implemented by the countries to help the aged .
However , people might argue that the aged has their children to depend on but this dependence is straining on family ties as average health care cost rise .
Having a saving for them would be a better choice .
Hence , by having this CPF scheme , the government is able to cut down on the spending on the aged and this sum of money could be put to better use by diverting it to the other areas of the country development , thus improving the country economy .
In conclusion , public spending should be limited and divert the money to the other areas of a country development .
This wills not only help the present old aged , it will also enable the present generation to be able to enjoy healthy and fulfilling lives into their sunset years without putting a heavy burden on their children and grandchildren .
I agree to a large extent that current policies have helped to ease the aging process .
Being one of the top aging populations in Asia , Singapore has to be prepared for the challenges to be faced currently or in the future when Singapore turns into a prominent ageing society .
In order to take care of the challenges , Singapore government has implemented several policies such as housing , health and employment policies to overcome the obstacles of the aging phenomenon as well as to provide an " effortlessly " aging process .
One of the policies is the housing policy , which strongly encourages extended family by providing incentives and also to provide the 'Elder- friendly housing ' for the senior citizens .
Report from Government of Singapore 2000 , shows that in year 2000 , around 9 out of 10 senior citizens who are above sixty-five years old are living together with their children ( Government of Singapore 2000 , p.5 ) .
This may due to the various housing schemes which resulted in this high rate of having elderly to stay with their children .
Some of the housing schemes implemented by Housing Development Board ( HDB ) include the Multi-Tier Housing Scheme , the Joint Selection Scheme , and the CPF Housing Grant Scheme ( Kalyani K. Mehta , 2002 ) .
Multi-Tier Housing Scheme is introduced to encourage married children to live together under one roof with his or her parents or vice versa .
This scheme allows extended-family applicants to be given priority allocation on the flats they wanted to live in .
The Joint Selection Scheme is that it allows families to choose the flats on priority in order for the married children and parents to stay in separate HDB flats but close together in the same neighboring town or estate ( Kalyani K. Mehta , 2002 ) .
Finally , the CFP Grant Scheme was also introduced to promote married children to live near their parents by offering a higher grant if their flat is near their parents ' home compared to those who are either staying alone or those who are not staying close to their parents .
Apart from these schemes , Singapore is also trying hard to create an elderly-friendly environment for instance , lifts were modified to stop on every floor , using non-slip floor tile to minimize the danger of elderly being slipped and fell , having support hand bar in toilet , alert alarm system , building of ramps and link ways to facilitate wheelchair access , and a lot more .
Housing Schemes and building an elderly-friendly environment would definitely make the elderly to live more comfortably and rewarding .
Health care policies for the aged have been getting numerous of notice in the recent few years .
For instance , old folks who do not have any health care indemnity have been advised to have the Medishield accounts with support given from the government ( Chan , Angelique 2002 ) .
This account permits individuals to pay for the medical bills .
Besides , the government helps in subsidizing health screening program for the senior citizen .
Despite having various schemes for health care policy , there are still numerous of underprivileged senior citizens who can not afford the medical expenses especially for the prolong illnesses such as stroke and rheumatism .
Thus the Medifund was established to provide aid for those who are unable to pay for healthcare services ( as cited in Ministry of Health , Singapore ) .
Needy patients are hence able to apply and use this fund to pay for their healthcare services .
Last but not least , it is important to make the elderly an asset to the society in Singapore by giving those physically well senior citizens the opportunity to work .
Government has started to put emphasis on the re- training of the older workers to work more efficiently and productively ( Chan , Angelique 2002 ) .
Not only that , government also extended the retirement age of the individuals .
These permit the aged population to continue serving the society and also in certain ways help to build confidence in the elderly .
In conclusion , Singapore government has seriously looked into the needs of the senior citizens and the challenges faced in terms of aging population by implementing policies to ease the aging process .
I agree that public spending on the aged should be limited so that money can be diverted to other areas of the country 's development .
There are many aspects in our society that require us to devote our resources on them .
Spending on Education , Healthcare , Research and Development and the aged are all within our consideration .
We do acknowledge that the aging population will require a large portion of a country 's budget to support various welfare programmes .
Thus I advocate spending on the aged is necessary yet it should be carefully limited so as not to compromise other sectors and overall national interest in the long run .
If our budget over focus on the aged , this will result in insufficient funding for Education which the academic intelligence of the younger generation will be greatly compromised .
When the population is less educated , we can foresee that our country 's general growth declining , especially in the area of Research and Development that requires highly educated personnel to function .
We must understand the correlation between economic growth and spending on the aged .
With economic growth , the budget available will increase and we can afford to spend the same portion of the budget yet providing a larger real sum .
Robert B. Friedland and Laura Summer ( 2005 ) mentioned that with economic growth , there will be a lower demand for government 's handouts and there will be more funds made available for elderly welfare programmes .
Thus education , which helps to sustain future economic growth , is an aspect where the spending on the aged must be carefully limited in order to prevent any compromise .
Second , Research and Development industry engages in tertiary scientific and technical studies and in turn will bring about new discoveries or innovations to current technology .
This will cause the growth of new industries and constantly keep the country 's technological level at cutting edge .
In Singapore case , where we heavily depend on the ever advancing technology to create new industries and job opportunities , Research and Development spending must be guaranteed so as to ensure the country 's economic growth in the future .
Certain objection must , of course be considered : government odd to show its appreciation for the aged who had their fair share of contribution towards the country when they were in their working years .
However , Robert B. Friedland and Laura Summer ( 2005 ) mentioned that with economic growth , the aged population has more ability to fend for themselves either by getting an employment or through children 's support .
We should interpret this information as a means of relief to the government 's handouts .
To conclude , we can not deny the role of government in providing assistance to the elderly , either to show its appreciation or simply to those who are in need .
From Robert B. Friedland and Laura Summer ( 2005 ) , we know that a group of uneducated or single elderly remains vulnerable as they do not have to means to save up for a decent retirement when they were working .
But we ought to ensure that while our sympathy and appreciation for the aged must remains , we must not overdo it because there are more than just the aged to look after .
Thus spending on the aged is necessary yet it should be carefully limited so as not to compromise other sectors and overall national interest in the long run .
In the modern era , ageing population has become a phenomenon in many countries , especially those which hold records of past baby boom and present low fertility rates , like Singapore and Japan .
While liberals view social welfare as a legitimate function of government and provision of welfare as citizens ' rights , I would beg to differ as a welfare state may end up heading towards a 'bottomless pit'- one which requires relentless public spending , in this case , on the aged and is indifferent to the person 's capability in attaining self-sufficiency .
Also , to ensure a nation 's continual economic growth and social development , we should utilize much of the fiscal earnings on other areas like investments and education .
Therefore to maintain a healthy balance between various demands and reduce dependency , there should be a boundary set on the public expenditure for eldercare .
To begin with , we must all recognize the fact that public funding is not infinite .
In fact , an ageing population itself will make the matter worse , as there is a " growing number of elderly persons ( being ) supported by relatively fewer younger persons " CITATION Peterson_01 \ l 1033 ( Peterson , 2001 ) .
As such should we spend more or even lavishly on building eldercare support , we could be significantly depriving other areas for progress : economic sector due to the shortage of funds for investments , and social environment due to the limited resources for enhancing quality of living , to name a few .
Critics at this position may point out that higher taxation rates will be able to increase fiscal earnings .
Nevertheless , such measure would fend off new immigrants ( who are needed to make up the shrinking population ) , and may even propel citizens away from homeland .
Restrictions should therefore be imposed on the public expenditure on the aged due to competition for funds by other sectors of progress .
Moreover in today 's contexts , many nations are advocating early preparation for retirement life .
In the case of Singapore , the government implements compulsory savings scheme , Central Provident Fund ( CPF ) to help its citizens to start accumulating assets and savings upon entering workforce .
Pro-family policies and regulations , like the Maintenance of Parents Act , also help to reinforce social obligation in children to take care of their aged parents CITATION Peterson_01 \ l 1033 ( Peterson , 2001 ) .
With that , we can be ensured that majority , if not all , of the aged would be financially independent of their later essential needs .
Therefore the area that public sector should take care of is the psychological needs of elderly , upon entering their twilight years .
Facing loneliness and empty-nest syndrome , the elderly would require social support the most .
Also , financial aids would only be given to those without family support , through the Public Assistance Scheme .
As compared to a welfare-state that provides pensions indiscriminately to all , such comprehensive approach would demand lesser public expenditure on the aged and thus funds allocated should be limited accordingly .
Nevertheless , some may argue that it is to one 's " entitlement " to receive pension and other forms of material benefits upon retirement CITATION Fer94 \ l 1033 ( Fernandez , 1994 ) .
Such perspective , in my opinion , would instead create an impression that one can rely on the state at old-age , and result in the sapping of the incentives to work and save for retirement age .
Since an ageing population would translate into a growing number of 'beneficiaries ' , the figures of public expenditure would thus be expected to multiply and eventually become such a vast amount that could go beyond the financial capability of the welfare state societies .
To avoid such social repercussion , we should prohibit free-flow expenditure on eldercare that can draw individual dependency on the nation .
In whole , public spending on the aged should not be spent at the expenses of other sectors ' progress .
Also , restrictive expenditure will avert the formation of " welfare dependency " but promote the building of a " compassionate society " through family-centred policies CITATION Chu93 \ l 1033 ( Chua , 1993 ) .
The concept of a welfare-state should be especially avoided in resources-scared countries like Singapore , because in times of financial difficulties , they will have no resources to tap on but to rely solely on themselves ( Clasen , 2001 ) .To be on safer side , policy-makers should allocate fiscal earnings in a diverse manner , and not solely on maintaining the aged .
It is undeniable that the world population is ageing regardless of how obsessed humans are about the obscure existence of time .
Hence , ageing population is least to be agreed as an abstract matter .
In fact , it is a real world phenomenon faced prominently in the twenty-first century in many developed as well as developing countries with some exceptions in only a few under-developed countries like the Middle East and North Africa where the youth population is bulging ( Dhillon , 2008 ) .
The main reason lies in the advancement of research and technology , which conveys the message of the importance of living a healthier lifestyle by avoiding excess food consumption , smoking , liberal sex , apart from the assistance of advancing medical facilities which eradicate diseases to better sustain our lives .
Therefore , humans tend to live longer and the ageing population is rising in an increasing rate despite how developed a nation is .
In the World Population Ageing 1950-2050 report prepared by Population Division of the United Nations , it is stated that Europe , a region which comprises mainly first world countries , has the highest proportions of the aged in the world .
This is certainly a very large demographic number for the governing states to deny support because public spending , on the aged , if limited , will incur more disadvantages than advantages , not only to the aged who will be directly affected , but also to the overall society as a whole due to the fact that the members in the society interact with one another .
As more people live longer , it is even more necessary for proper public spending to enhance various social security systems as the aged is more vulnerable to be discriminated in a capital-driven society nowadays .
Some forms of discrimination occur when many policies that are taking place currently to supposedly protect the ageing population are experiencing inefficiency as they do not seem to eradicate the problems of poverty among the aged .
The society is still witnessing a considerable number of older people abandoned in the streets and alleys begging money from the public .
The aged living in poverty is only one of the other ageing needy ones , which also consist of the handicapped , mentally-disabled , single and unmarried , the illiterate , and so on who should not be denied of receiving public fund from the government .
This is because neglecting them will create a 'paralysed ' society - a society of social problems with discriminations and marginalisation of certain groups of people that impair the progression of the groups ( TheFreeDictionary , 2009 for the definition of 'paralysed ' ) .
In such society accompanied by materialism and ageism , the needy aged will be pushed to their ends as many of them are vulnerable to be abandoned even by their children who might deny their responsibilities of supporting their aged and sick parents .
In addition , many employers are reluctant to hire older labours either as skilled or unskilled working force .
As a result , without the appropriate approaches from the government to assist them financially , they are 'paralysed ' by the cutting back on levels of public spending and likely to lose most means of life without jobs , shelters , and money to purchase their basic means of surviving like food and medicine .
Such distortion in the society is a form of violation on the basic human rights .
Diversion of public spending to other areas the country 's development , instead on the aged is a doubtful policy to maintain regional political stability .
Firstly , limiting public spending on the aged will definitely cause disparity on the principle of democracy itself , where the aged are denied their freedoms and rights to be supported by the government although they are the rightful citizens who play the role of voting the government .
It will lead to a less unified country because the aged are provoked and would give fewer reasons for themselves to vote for a ruling government who marginalize them .
A research has shown that young people in India are less likely to vote and the elderly are most likely to vote ( Joshi , 2009 ) .
Additionally , Japan which 20 percent of its population is 65 years or older ( Reuters , 2007 ) hold relatively large voting decisions too .
Political parties are less likely to ignore this essential vote bank in order for them to thrive in the elections .
Secondly , Mark L. Haas of Duquesne University argues that disproportionate high number of young people in a society along with high rates of unemployment creates strong grievances against current political conditions and little stake in society .
He cited a research showing that population ageing has been a source of political stability and economic development in many regions .
In other words , world 's ageing population has the potential to defuse war on terrorism .
Diverting funds from the aged to other forms of development will allow growing levels of poverty within the rising ageing population , thus create shaky grounds for the country 's political stability , and also create more means to result the funds to military spending .
Moreover , it is unclear who will truly take care of the aged after the government retreats from providing the social fund .
There should be some organizations which hold as much as capital as the government and willingly play a larger role than the government .
However , it is a form of investment and portrays feasible forms of risk .
The aged are vulnerable again to any possible failed investment and the poorer elderly may not be well protected as they do not possess much capital .
The opportunity to obtain aged care support and services will be much limited if they are provided by the private for profit sectors rather than the private not-for-profit sectors ( McIntosh , 2003 ) .
Apart from this , non-profit organizations like the social workers have lesser incentives to provide a sustainable and constant assistance to the aged since their duties diverge to other social groups as well , such as the orphans , homeless teenagers , single mothers and others .
Therefore , the adult children of the aged seem like the most plausible individuals to depend on by providing for their parents .
The act of depending on the children 's filial obligation will instill greater social and financial pressures on them when the pattern of resource distribution is changed by the state ( World Population Ageing 1950-2050 Report , 2002 ) .
Besides , there will be psychological effect of limiting public spending on the aged too .
We should not limit public spending on the aged because any current policies should not be altered and contradicted when predictions of uncertain complications are made .
For example , public spending should be spent on the aged under a better mechanism through more practical effort like encouraging the aged to be productive if they are still capable in providing their knowledge and wisdom .
Some jobs that the government can monitor to protect our senior citizens from being discriminated are in the agricultures , working from home , consultancy , teaching , making handicrafts , and gardening , which utilize the various experiences and knowledge of our senior citizens .
This way helps to increase the country 's productivity among the aged and the aged are still protected to sustain their basic means of living .
The combination of these forces can yield economic growth , and not the stagnation that some predict ( Novelli , 2003 ) .
Denying support for them on the other hand , will further result a nation to social , political and economic disparities .
Aging problem is a rising issue which every government is worrying with .
Peterson ( 2001 ) even claims that the aging problem would worsen as the median age of the elderly will reach around 50 by 2050 in many first-class countries .
This prediction is further supported by a survey conducted by the World Bank , which claims the continuously increasing expected lifespan since 1960 .
With the growing population of the elderly , governments have put in a lot of efforts , providing a number of financial assistance and grants for example , in order to ease the issue effectively .
However , some people disagree with the government policy and claim that there is a need to limit the public spending on the aged such that the money is diverted to other areas to attain a balanced and considerable economical and social development .
Moreover , they also argue that governments ' approach is not a good remedy to cope with the aging problem permanently .
Some people may argue that limited public spending on the elderly is not a considerate action .
The aged has contributed a lot to form and shape nowadays society .
Limitation in public spending brings a deeper meaning that the government does n't acknowledge their contributions to the country .
Education is one of the good examples that help to solve this issue more effectively .
This may indirectly help them to think and spend wisely in their future such that they are less dependent on the government as their future is financially secured .
Besides , instilled moral values remind them of the importance of taking up the filial obligation on their parents .
Hence , public spending on the education should be stressed as well since it helps to solve the aging issue more effectively , rather than keep spending money on the elderly where the problems will never meet an end .
Social work aims at restructuring the society , such that a more balanced society is attained , where no single citizen becomes the victim of the economics development .
It also helps to solve the existing social problems and provides supports to the needy .
Without the Singaporean government ( Ministry of Community Development and Sport ) providing funds and subsidies to these organizations , some of them might not be able to survive and continue operating , especially during the economics downturn which hit Singapore badly recently .
Besides , it helps to solve other social issues than aging problem .
Hence , public spending on this sector should be increased such that a balanced and more structured society is formed and a more rigid social safety net is provided .
With the economics downturn , job opportunities are decreased unquestionably .
This is shown in the statistics conducted by the Ministry of Trade and Industry of Singapore , the unemployment rate has risen by 1.2 % , which was from 3.6 % in December of 2008 to 4.8 % in March 2009 .
Therefore , public spending on industrial and related sectors which provide more job opportunities for people who are affected during this harsh period should be stressed equally .
Besides , some elderly still wish to continue working as a result of insufficient savings and increasing cost of living .
Besides , increased unemployment rate contributes to a lot of social problems which may threaten the social security of the country .
However , from another view of perspective , the money diverted on other areas or sectors such as industry , tourism , social work professional associations and education help to form a more rigid and structured society .
The aging issue of population worldwide had never been so pressing until recently the large population of the Baby Boomers generation is due to welcoming their golden years .
As medical facilities and technologies have continued to evolve , so have the lifespan of the modern mortals prolonged .
In recognition of this problem , current policies as well as research and development that have been implemented has yield to ease the aging process .
An aging population is often associated with the decline in the workforce and the productivity of the country .
For example , Denton and Spencer ( 1998 ) noted that the rate of growth of per capita GDP is certain to fall significantly over the coming decades unless either the immigration rate or the productivity growth rate increases rather dramatically .
It is the aging of population that lies behind this concern ( as cited in Scarth , 2002 ) .
Therefore , policies such as Angel Policy 1989 , New Angel Policy 1999 and the " Angel Plan , Plus-One " 2003 have been introduced and implemented in the fast aging Japan to increase the birthrate and expand the workforce of the future as to maintain productivity of the country ( Cardiosk , 2008 ) ( Devasahayam , Yeoh , 2007 ) .
Size of tomorrow 's economy and tax base should be increased by raising more productive children so that the cost burden is spread over a larger and more affluent future generation ( Peterson , 2001 ) .
Another alternative carried out by Japan is to use their advancement in science and technology to curb the aging issues which is the application of robots in their workforce .
Japan has innovatively modified robots to put them in the line of production and service industry as substitutes to their aging workforce .
These two measures have attempt to reduce the reliance of workforce on the aging population and soothe the pressing matter of the aging population .
Healthcare system too , has been given high priority to cater the needs of the aging population .
For instance in Singapore , besides building new hospitals such as the Khoo Teck Puat Hospital in Yishun and the Jurong General Hospital , authorities has taken a big stride by building a link between acute hospitals and community hospitals where patients can receive treatment at the acute hospital and then recuperate at the community hospital .
In this way , the elderly obtains appropriate care at the same time lowers the healthcare cost as well as frees up beds in the acute hospitals for more critical cases which need to be treated ( " Healthcare system to be reconstructed " , 2009 ) .
This scenario maximizes efficiency as the government hospital will be able to deliver high quality medical skills and the community hospitals will be able to tend to patients ' psychology and social needs better .
Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong noted on the National Rally Day speech 2009 that the best way to keep health care costs down is by maintaining a healthy lifestyle .
In the agenda to help the elderly maintain a healthy lifestyle , Wellness Programme is launched in 12 constituencies in 2008 with the aim of allowing senior citizens to undergo health screening , fitness assessments and to participate in physical activities ( " Wellness Programme popular " , 2009 ) .
Wellness centre organizes activities for their elderly members in various aspects such as intellectual pursuit , physical activities and also activities to expand their social networking .
Cheerful and happy elderly who are satisfied and contented mentally and physically from the activities designated for them are less susceptible to illnesses , preventing the need of long term care , keeping the cost of healthcare maintenance low and resulting in a happier aging process .
The implementation of the Maintenance of Parents Act in 1995 was said to be against the Singapore 's Confucianism idealistic norm and much to the controversy of the filial piety orientated society .
Also , Central Provident Fund of Singapore ( CPF ) that was first introduced in 1955 is actually a social security savings plan where the overall scope and benefits of CPF revolves around retirement , healthcare , home ownership , family protection and asset enhancement ( " Singapore Central Provident Fund - CPF " ) .
In the early days , the employees can only withdraw the fund from Central Provident Fund when they retire however , in 1984 , a new scheme known as the Medisave , individuals can pay for their own or their immediate family members ' medical expenses using the Central Provident Fund savings .
In addition to Medisave , MediShield which is a medical insurance scheme was introduced in the year 1990 in order to help all of the members to sustain and pay for long term medical expenses which arise from serious illness .
A new strategy , Eldershield , implemented in September 2002 , is a special insurance scheme that provides coverage for disability , especially in old age due to the lengthening of life span of Singaporeans ( Kalyani K. Mehta ) .
All these policies aim to lessen the financial burden of the elderly to provide them secured sunset years .
Although it is a continuous battle against the impact of aging population on our societies , given the support and coordination between the government , Voluntary Welfare Organizations ( VWO ) , community and individuals and through these coherent blueprints of policies and researches mapped out meticulously by governments , the aging process of various countries are believed to be able to be eased , if not overcame .
When life expectancy increases , aging population increases too as people live longer .
According to the Top Ten list ( Compare Infobase Limited , 2006 ) on the countries which have the highest life expectancy at Birth Year 2004 , Australia falls on the 5th position at 80.2 % , while Singapore moves up to the 4th position at 80.5 % .
Therefore , the current research and development/policies have helped to ease the aging population process with people living longer as compared to the past .
The government has taken some measures to deal with the reality of aging society .
For example , more acute hospitals like the Khoo Teck Puat Hospital in the North and the Jurong General Hospital in the West are built to cater to more elderly patients .
Building more community hospitals are also vital to the elderly as the community hospitals can provide lower costs and special care for the elderly patients to recuperate after discharging from General Hospitals .
The hospital also provides many activities like Karaoke sessions and engaging outside performances by volunteers , to cheer the elderly patients to help them in their early recovery .
Other charity organisations like the NKF , TOUCH Community Services , and Salvation Army are also built to help the elderly by having different types of programmes or services ranging from rehabilitation , social , psychology and counselling .
A special and trained pool of doctors , nurses , social workers and caregivers are employed to cater to individual patient 's special needs .
Although hospitals are built to cater for the elderly and medical science is advancing , the most critical issue is still regarding the high medical cost that patients and families have to worry upon .
To tackle this issue , the government has introduced policies and regularly improving them , like the CPF which consists of the Ordinary Account , Special Account and the 3Ms , which include Medisave , MediShield and Medifund Account , to prepare the citizens for their retirement .
When the citizens of Singapore turn to age 55 , they can withdraw their savings from their CPF .
Besides that , the CPF can also be used to buy a house , cover hospital expenses or for child 's education fees .
As a result , the government sees fewer cases of residents unable to afford healthcare and the social medical workers reported the Medifund is enough to cover hospital bills .
Community Centres and Resident Committee Centres are also built in different areas of Singapore to provide recreational activities and programmes for the elderly to participate in .
Infrastructures such as elderly friendly facilities outside HDB flats or in the parks are also specially built for the elderly to encourage them to exercise and keep fit .
Although not all elderly would be willing to use the facilities or take part in activities , the centres do advertising on the activities through banners and flyers or even mass media to encourage the elderly to be active and healthy .
For example , Paro , a cooing baby harp seal robot fitted with sensors beneath its fur and whiskers , is developed by Japan 's Intelligent System Co , to soothe patients in hospitals and nursing homes ( Alan Taylor , 4 March 2009 ) .
Even though new products like robots are invented , families with a lower financial background may not be able to afford these extra luxuries .
In a way , it is to encourage adult married children to live near their parents so that they can take care of them and attend to their parents ' needs conveniently .
The government also encourages adult children to take care of their own parents by pushing filial piety values in them , as there is a limitation on the government to help all elderly because resources like land and workforce are very limited in Singapore .
However in some cases where unfilial children comes in , the government has introduced the " Parents Maintenance Act Law " , to help solve the problem of unfilial children by making them support their elderly parents in a form of paying them a monthly allowance .
In addition to the fear of being burdened by financial issues on the adult married children to take care of their own elderly parents , the government also introduced different policies to help them in other areas like ensuring work security in women who are in maternity leave , baby bonuses and children 's Edusave education funds .
However , we still have the problem on growing aging population due to low birth rates .
In order to deal with this problem , the government has opened up doors to foreign workers to work in Singapore so that they can help increase the workforce productivity , and also for companies to employ more care-givers to help the elderly .
From the birth to the death , man have experienced huge change continuously which is called aging process and as a result , our society has became older and older .
Not only man , our world has been changing continuously especially in economic sector which is the most important part of making a living .
Thanks to this economic growth , we may escape from worries about hunger and poverty but do we feel insecure about our future when we imagine when we are 70 's or 80 's ?
Though our world economy has prospered dramatically for about a century , it does n't seem to have more places for the old as we all focus on achieving hasty economic growth .
Firstly , the fundamental flow of modern economy is a market capitalism in which most of the economic assets and system are owned by the private sector , not the public sector , government .
The owner of the property always tries to seek the profit from that so our basic needs to live are considered as means of making money .
The problem starts form here .
For instance , if our health insurance belongs to an individual for earning purpose we should pay a lot more to see a doctor and get a prescription and this makes the old feel difficult as they can not earn more after retirement but have to visit hospital more frequently than before as Peterson ( 2001 ) said .
As our market economy brought about the private ownership of basic elements for living , our aging process faces distress .
Secondly , we should consider the silver labor market because OECD ( 2005 ) reported that in days to come around 2050 , the old will consist one sixth of the total population .
So it has been insisted that the necessity of increment of elder employment and the government has tried to enlarge the job opportunity to the old .
Let me show you an example of Korea where its government is trying to create the employments for the old .
Although the Korean government is making new jobs for elder people , they are not decent jobs like security guard or door-to-door delivery man and the salary for silver labor is too small .
This is because the current economy system looks for more efficient and competitive working force and the companies that hire the old do n't consider the elderly so they try to avoid engaging them .
As a result , the existing alternative plan for the increasing aging population employment is not affective in our economic basis .
Thirdly , someone may argue that people have achieved huge economic growth and the product of that accomplishment results an upgrading of our living standard without uncertainty for the future .
Needless to say , our GDP shows our economic improvement in every year .
Despite of this progress , people in this time do n't ready to live without earnings from the jobs .
Because our economy always encourages people to spend all of their money on new products and services not on saving , we are not used to save something for the future .
A concrete example can be a credit card in our wallet .
To get a drastic expansion of the consumption for economic growth , the market created the credit card which can distribute our current consumption to our future to reduce the present burden .
The aim of this maybe good , but this led to the crisis of credit so people suffer from their financial difficulties .
In a nut shell , our economy only has cared about the profit , people can not prepare for the future by saving and finally the old may experience financial hardship .
Definitely , our economy becomes bigger every moment and we get a lot of advantage from it so we do n't have to worry about starving from lack of food .
However for someone , this benefit is just the other world 's happy story .
The marginal protection for the old is now becoming expensive private sector and their room in the labor market is small and poor for living .
For these reasons , the in the aging population point of view , the economic improvement did n't ease the aging process .
To ease this process , our economy should consider excluded people , the old of the society and let them know how to prepare for their stable and comfortable future as we all are getting older even now .
Ageing population has been a problem encountered by many countries today .
To date , elderly aged over 65 constitutes 8.6 % of the total population in Singapore , which will see an expected rise to 18.7 % in year 2030 .
Such significant trend has led many to worry over the problems associated with this phenomenon , hence the government had initiated certain policies and developments aimed at helping the elderly .
These initiatives although are beneficial for the aged , government should consider limiting public spending on them to divert money to other areas such as education and development in Singapore .
Spending on the aged should be kept in a smaller proportion as compared to areas such as education .
Prime Minister Lee ( 2009 ) at a dialogue with Nanyang Technological University students takes on the perspective that local students should build networks with the rest of the world and integrates in new environment in order to " push the boundaries " and break new grounds for Singapore .
Money should be given aid to needy students who will then not be deprived of a chance to participate in Exchange Program administered by the institution .
Singapore having one of the top education system should continue it 's reputation and government should divert money spent on the aged to pump in on refining students , who are the future leaders of Singapore .
Singapore 's tourism sector is a lucrative field , which has contributed greatly to the country 's economic success , and government should divert money on the aged to this thriving industry .
Since 1996 , the number of tourists coming to Singapore has been increasing steadily with an estimated $ 14.8 billion tourist receipts in 2008 .
Tourism has significant contribution in creating more jobs for locals and with the upcoming Marina Sands project , it is expected to thousands of jobs for Singaporeans in this period of economic downturn .
Also , tourism sector have made huge contributions to Singapore 's economy , with an estimated $ 230 billion in 2007 .
Thus , government has to continue improving on its infrastructure and developments for tourism and tourists so as to remain at a competitive edge with other Asian countries .
Hence , funds spent on aged should be limited in lieu of spending it on more beneficial areas for the country .
Critics have validated the spending on aged by arguing for the role which elderly hold in building and molding Singapore to where it is now .
'Hardware ' has been constructed to facilitate the aged daily lives ; 'heart-ware ' should be proliferated instead .
By means of 'heart-ware ' , it is giving emotional support to the aged , providing unconditional love and respect for them .
Teo ( 2009 ) believe that we should treat the elderly in ways , which we want to be treated when we are old .
Government can not coerce 'heart- ware ' on the young ; instead they can be influenced and taught by in school since young .
By limiting public spending on the aged does not render their importance in Singaporeans .
Aged still remain as a figure of respect .
Government should reduce the proportion of funds spent on aged facilities and divert it to areas in education and tourism development as these two fields will enable the continual growth for a small nation dependent on it 's labor force .
In fact , nowadays Singapore population is aging too and it is one of the fastest aging populations in Asia .
There are several developed countries such as Japan , US and Singapore predicting that educated aging boomers will have longer life expectancies than the generations that preceded them .
It is estimated that by 2050 , our median age will be move from 36 to 54 , similar to Japan and Italy .
In addition , aging population causes a decrease in the workforce .
Notwithstanding of a viable policy , Singapore citizens feel that these new immigrants and foreigners might not benefit them because they will face even more intense competition in the workforce .
However , if Singapore does not adopt immigration process , it will face manpower shortfalls .
As we can see more elderly people retire from the work field in their retirement age and this cause the lacking of productivity in the workforce as well as labour shortage .
Subsequently , labour shortage will bring negative impact on economic as it slows the country 's economic growth .
Despite it , these problems could be eliminated as the influx of foreigners through immigration will satisfy the needs of labour market and to boost the economy with improved labour productivity .
By admitting more immigrants , it will help to replenish a country 's aging population in the years ahead .
For example , Singapore government has introduced several measures to boost the fertility rate .
One of which is immigration approach , which have attracted many immigrants mainly from China , India , and Malaysia to integrate into our society and their coming have helped to raise the fertility rate .
Moreover , since there are more young people engaged in the workforce , the elderly in later life will become more secured as they will be supported by the younger generations .
Immigration policy is a practical solution adopted by developed countries with aging societies , namely , Singapore , USA and China .
For instance , Aging Japan is facing a population crisis as they have the lowest birth rate in the world .
The shrinking of labour force and the lack of vitality for the workforce will be happening in the near future .
Therefore , Japan needs to ease up on its immigration laws by allowing more foreigners to immigrate , in order to solve the problems .
In conclusion , coping with an aging population will require a long time effort and it is a challenge to a country .
However , this challenge could help to ease the aging process in the long run by adopting immigration process .
There are others policies that should be taken into consideration , including ; family policy , later retirement for elderly , and promoting healthy life styles in resolving problems posed by aging process .
By encountering long term aging process , the government should encourage older population to live an active aging life .
Elderly , who prepare well and early for old age will be more ready for retirement life , then the present generations of people will be able to enjoy meaningful and happily lives , without relying or putting burden on their children .
The Ministry of Community Development , Youth and Sports ( 2009 ) showed that at least 1 out of the 5 people will age 65 or older in 2030 .
As for Japan , at least 1 out of 4 people will age 65 and above by 2055 .
This alarming statistic has rang a bell on the importance of the public to spend their wealth on the needs of the aged .
This essay will address the scope of 'limited ' , which is the appropriate amount of resources that public should spend on the vulnerable group .
Not all aged need financial help as these people may well be taken care of by their children .
The developing countries , on the other hand , should invest their public spending on areas such as education and law and order before they can address the issue of aging population .
Thus , public spending on the aged should be maximized in developed countries , while public spending in the developing countries should be utilized to help to reduce the societal problems .
The aged needs money to cover for their extensive bills , that range from medical purposes to other basic necessities .
In Singapore , it is not uncommon to see the aged works in sectors that are shunned away by the young .
It is true that the aged is able to support himself by being financially independent .
However , they receive little salary , which can hardly cover the increasing cost of the medical bills .
Thus , the cost of medical purposes is considered as expensive by aged especially those who hold low-income jobs or living alone without the support of the family .
Their target is always on this vulnerable group as they believe that it is relatively easy to manipulate them in order to gain sympathy from the public .
Aging population is becoming a very serious and significant problem especially in developed country where the educated and professional continue to strive in .
Public spending should not be limited as the money can be utilized to promote campaigns that encourage the vulnerable to constantly stay employed .
Although the vulnerable may be perceived as the one with vast knowledge and experiences , the young is likely not to overlook this matter .
The young feels that the vulnerable is best replaced with modern technology , which is able to work quickly and productively .
It believes that the vulnerable should be given the right to work and so companies should abolish the concept of age restriction .
This is the human right that individual should be entitled to as long as the vulnerable is willing to work in order to earn a living for himself .
Thus , campaigns will raise the awareness of the public to help the aged to face the discrimination that still prevails within our society .
In Thailand , for instance , the social problems need to be addressed as children are involved .
Berger and Glind ( 1999 ) from the Thailand 's Office of the National Commission on Women 's Affairs reported that an estimation 40 000 children are involved in the country 's lucrative business sex industry .
This is an alarming issue as a vicious circle may get worsen .
Besides , they believe that this lifestyle is one of the easiest ways to earn an astronomical amount of money .
The public spending is , thus needed to rectify the perception shaped by the children , or else the problem will remain unsolved .
The spending should be used in campaigns in order to raise awareness about the importance of the basic education of children .
Thus , it is indeed clear that developed and developing countries have different focuses of issues to address .
The prevailing issue needs to be resolved before the issue gets worsen .
Although it is true that ageing population is less severe in developing countries at present , it may not stay true for the future .
It is because globalization has seeped in different spectrum of the world .
The children in the developing countries , who have received a quality education , may want to pursue his career in other countries with a stable and high income .
Majority of the people in these countries , live in villages .
The children , whom have been socially ingrained with morale values , are obligated to look after the parents .
Hence , in future , when migration issue becomes a global pandemic , public should give a helping hand to the aged since the children will no longer take care of his needs .
The public will then need to assist his needs in order to reduce the burden .
In conclusion , the amount of money utilizes to help to ease the burden of the aged should not be limited .
The financial burden and the discrimination faced at the workforce are among the problems that the aged is going through .
There should be a level of awareness to help this aged so that he will age with dignity and pride .
This is because we as individuals , sooner or later will reach at the ageing stage and will want our needs are being taken care of well .
Hence , this is where the role of public spending should come in the play of addressing the needs of the aged .
Decisions on the allocation of government funds can impact different aspects of the society differently .
So how would spending money on the elderly affect the society ?
I personally feel that government spending on the elderly should be controlled and the money should be used in other aspects of the society such as education , economic growth and healthcare of the public .
However , the community and not only the government can help the weak elderly in the society .
Thus , we should use the money to handle more pressing issue such as the health of the general public in this period whereby there are outbreaks of a lot of diseases such as avian flu and swine flu , that took the lives of many .
Some politicians may argue that although the proportion of elderly is still small now , it will grow larger if the problem of aging population is not dealt with now .
Since there are definitely other ways to cope with aging population , governments should allocate its funds to other areas that are more urgent .
Furthermore , Governments should focus on other areas such as education and economic growth as tackling such areas will solve the problem of aging population in the long run , killing two birds with one stone .
Increase in economic growth will also lead to increase in employment .
In this scheme , a portion of a person 's monthly salary will be deposited into the CPF account on a monthly basis and it can only be withdrawn at the age of 55 , thereby assuring financial independence of elderly .
Therefore , governments should reduce their spending on the elderly and invest more money on budget should be used on education and boosting economic growth .
In conclusion , I feel that public funding should be limited as it may cause the elderly to be over reliant on it and the money should be used elsewhere in areas such as public health that is more pressing and on education and economic growth that will also help to solve aging population .
By carefully allocating government funds , the society will benefit as a whole .
The reason for this is because aging population is much more serious as compared to developing countries .
There is a need to understand that the amount of reliance the aged have on the public is quite significant , also to take into account of the contributions the aged have made and as well as to recognize the more substantial advancement in other main areas of development over the aged .
Critics commented that other areas of the country 's development such as education need the money to substantiate the advancement of these particular developments so as to bring them to greater heights so limitations on public spending on the aged should be enforced .
However , there is the recognition of the fact that the government in developed countries has already pumped in a huge amount of money to develop the main areas of development like education and national defence .
In addition , aging population has not been an area of concern in the past and only recently the aged have formed a significant population in developed countries .
It is well known that Singapore acquires a world class education system .
The efforts can be seen clearly as now Singapore is an advanced developing country however now the most predominant problem arising is the aging population .
Thus we must not limit public spending on the aged as it is a arising prevailing problem .
Cynics mentioned that in developed countries , quite a number of the aged are still working and receiving wages so they will have the means to pay for their living expenses and healthcare costs .
However even though a significant number of the aged is still in the workforce , most of them are taking up menial jobs like cleaning which only gives them a meagre pay .
In addition , the aged are still quite vulnerable to diseases and are weak , thus public spending on the aged should not be limited so as to assist them in their healthcare costs .
This is so as the aged are not suitable for laborious jobs .
This further infers that there is not enough public spending on the aged thus we should not limit public spending on the aged .
The main reason for this phenomenon is that money needs to be spent on the aged now so as to ease the aging process if not years down the road , public spending might have to increase significantly as compared to now due to the lack of progress on the spending on the aged .
Thus it is important to spend more now to ease the problems of aging population if not years later the problems of aging population might heap up .
They are deemed useless and with low productivity and can not contribute significantly to the society .
Thus society should limit their spending on the aged and shift their focus onto the young , nurturing them .
In time to come , the young can give back to the society unlike the aged .
However we need to recognize the fact that the aged were young once and they have also made contributions to the society before .
In fact they are the ones who laid the foundations for us , the younger generations .
Without their contributions , we may not be where and what we are now , thus it is the society 's responsibility to take care of them , regarding this as a repayment back to the aged .
( Smil , 2007 , para 9 ) This shows that we should not limit public spending on the aged as the percentage of the aged will increase significantly in time to come due to the problems arising from an aging population .
By year 2055 many more people will require elderly friendly facilities .
In a nutshell , the above mentioned arguments and reasons point to the fact that public spending on the aged should not be limited as if it is limited , dire consequences such as the country itself might be seen as neglecting the aged will surface .
This might lead to foreign corporations being discouraged to invest in Singapore as Singapore might be perceived as not having an effective system Therefore it can be concluded that the aged should have a bigger portion of the pie that is the public spending while the other areas will still be having their share too to maintain their standards in developed countries .
I strongly agree with the statement that to a large extent , current research and development have helped to ease the aging process .
Through the use of these specific reasons and examples , I will demonstrate why especially in the field of medicine .
First , modern medicine is now able to cure or treat many diseases that were once terminal .
Today , modern medicine can even prolong the lives of people who have diseases for which we do not yet have a cure .
Second , people today are more aware of the effect of healthy living on their life expectancy .
This is due to developed countries having an aging population coupled with higher cost of living .
These include development for education , technological research and welfare programs for the needy people .
Welfare programs , such as free healthcare services that are introduced in some countries , do improve the quality and lifespan of the aged in the countries .
Firstly , funds that are needed to support these welfare programs will come from the taxes on the working-age adult .
The high cost of healthcare services results in high taxation on the citizens .
These countries like Britain and the United States have generally low Gross Domestic Product ( GDP ) and high public expenditure , with few exceptions like Sweden .
With a lower GDP , the country generates lesser revenue to divert to other areas of a country 's development .
( Jonathan Eyal , 20 August 2009 ) Studies have shown that Britain 's National Health Service " devours 17.5 per cent of Britain 's annual fiscal budget , almost as much as defence and education combined .
The elderly in Singapore are dependent on government subsidies in various areas due to high cost of living in present society .
However , public spending on the aged is only a short term solution to the problem of aging population .
This short term solution poses as a burden to the economy without actually addressing the root of problem of aging population in the long run .
Public spending will only continue to spiral upwards if government is committed to healthcare spending on the aged .
The government should look at this problem in an economic perspective in the long run .
This long run solution by diverting the country 's resources from spending on the aged to education lessens the squeeze on the already fully exploited economy .
Fewer opportunities , in the form of job security and stability arise from lesser money being diverted to education and development to the economy .
This will lead to emigration and brain drain from the country , which will in turn lose its competitive edge , and thus will be less attractive to investors .
More money should be diverted to education for the development of the younger generation to deal with the problem .
An example is Singapore providing free education and has one of the world 's best childcare services and facilities .
Nonetheless , the younger generation forms the pillar of a country 's economy ; more attention should be given to nurturing them .
The issue on aging population has become an increasing important issue in our society today .
The problems caused by aging population are increasing and it has placed great pressure on our society .
Hence , the government is paying more attention to solve these problems caused by aging population through various means .
One of them is to increase the public spending on the aged .
However , some may argue that by doing so it may limit the country 's development .
I feel that public spending on the aged should not be limited because the issue on aging population has become a major problem in the society .
Other areas of the country 's development are equally important and hence government funds should also be directed to these areas such as education and healthcare sectors instead of just focusing on the aged .
Education is equally important because the young will determine the country 's development in the future since they would be the ones who will lead the country .
In addition , the healthcare sector is also very important as it can help increase the standard of living of the people .
Nevertheless , I feel that public spending on the aged should not be limited as some of the elderly are in need of financial aid .
Some may point out that there are increasingly more people attaining higher level of education hence they are able to afford the increasingly expensive healthcare services .
In Singapore , we can see that this problem is occurring .
Therefore , the public spending on the aged should not be limited .
In addition , public spending on the aged should not be limited as people are having longer life expectancy as compared to the past and they will face larger financial risks of health .
With the increasingly expensive healthcare services , they may not be able to afford them .
In Singapore , the government has come up with policies such as Medisave and Medishield to prepare the people by saving a portion of their salary in these accounts .
Hence , when they are ill they are able to use these accounts to pay for their medical bills .
In conclusion , even though the issue of aging population is important , we can not neglect the other areas that are essential to a country 's development .
Hence , we still should not limit the public spending on the aged .
Therefore , I feel that public spending on the aged should not be limited .
In recent years , many countries are beginning to face the sticking issue of ageing demographic and undeniably , Singapore is one of the fastest ageing populations in Asia .
Indeed , money has to be spent to curb ageing problems but it is the society 's responsibility to ensure a desirable standard of living for the elderly , and to constantly fulfill the varying needs of this group of senior citizens .
The government has to ensure that all elderly has a permanent roof above their head even after retirement , and they could also finance their day-to-day living expenses .
It is important to promote preventative measures as it will mean less expenditure to take care of people who are sick .
It is a recognized fact that education helps the young to secure a quality job in future , and also prepares them with the full value of the world .
It is certainly worthy of the public fund to build the best educational facilities and ensure that every child has the chance to receive education .
It important to make sure that education remains affordable in the country and this can be achieved through subsidiary by the government .
Moreover , part of the public fund should also be spend on re-training schemes for working adults so as to improve their work quality and efficiency , as well as to keep them skilled and valuable for the industry .
Education will harvest long tern benefits for both individuals and the country as an educated pool of citizens will definitely generate greater economic growth .
With this additional economic revenue generated by the talents , more public funding can be channeled to help the aged .
In today 's context , industry changes in a fast pace and technology gets obsolete very quickly .
It is important to be innovative and constantly produces new ideas in order to stay ahead of competitors and to improve a society 's performance .
For example , Research and Development in pharmaceutical is particularly important as the creation of new drugs will help in the advancement of medical and clinical studies .
With more sophisticated health care system , it will in turn helps to reduce medical spending on the age and might even help elderly to sustain good health .
Other than areas in education as well as Research and Development , the defence force should have a share of the public funding too .
Nothing can be achieved in a chaotic environment , thus it is important to set aside of the public funding to effectively build an army , the navy and the air force .
Many considerations have to be made when it comes to the topic of dividing the public funding .
No doubt that it is essential to take care of the elderly who have contributed much to the society during their younger days , but the government must still ensure that there is enough funding on other areas of the country 's development .
Economic growth must never be sacrifice as the society as a whole must progress and achieve further advancement .
Discussion on the Factors that Have Shaped the Space Technology of China " That 's one small step for man , one giant leap for mankind " , since Neil Armstrong left the first human impossible on the moon , it has always been a dream for human beings to explore more about the outer space .
As a country possesses over five thousand years history , China never stops seeking the outer space .
Later on 15th October 2003 , the first manned spaceship had been sent to the outer space .
Moreover the Chinese government is proposing a plan that will send spaceship to the moon and built an observation station on the moon .
Currently China has become the third strongest country in terms of the space technology , only after the America and Russia .
First come first , the development of space technology is a basic need of economic boost .
For a country which has an area of 960million square kilometer , enough communication satellites are the first security for the information communication , which then provides a good environment for the development of economy .
For example , until 1994 China had built 8100 telecommunications systems , 11 satellites TV broadcast systems and 30 radio broadcast system in response to the needs of communication for the remote areas in China , such as the Xinjiang province , Inner Mongolia , and Yunnan province ( Baidu , 2008 ) .
Currently 80 % area of China is covered with the communication satellites not only for the TV broadcast but also for the world wide webcast ( Baidu , 2008 ) .
The innovation of the space technology is an indirect result of the development in economy of China .
Second , the military force of China needs the support of the space technology .
Most of today 's military device needs the guide of artificial satellite .
As the deterrence policy and capability to meet the new threat , China has developed several kinds of precision guild weapon and nuclear missile ( XinHua news , 2007 ) .
Except for the military device , the natural resources of the outer space are also important for military aims ( but not only for military aims ) .
General speaking , the development of space technology is a certain result of the economic development and military development in China .
With the economic and military forces developing , the space technology will develop in response to it .
When the space technology has reached a certain level , the economic and military forces will achieve a higher goal .
Under such circuit , Chinese will finally stand on the place where Neil Armstrong has once stood .
The world is changing continuously because of various kind of inventions that have been designed and developed .
Mobile phones , bicycles and electric appliances are the examples of the application of the technological creativity .
When designing a product or system , one current human need that should be given priority is the invention should be easy to operate which require less human effort .
When one accepts a new product , the first thing come to mind is " How to use it ? " .
The next question that will appear to the mind is " What is the easiest way to operate it ? " .
An invention which is easy to use is very important to help them to reduce the time consumed yet achieve the effectiveness of the product .
This helps to reduce the time consumed to find the information from the thick books in the library .
An oven , which is also easy to operate , helps human to cook food in a short time .
If the way to operate a product is complicated , human will prefer not to use it because the time spent in operating the product is not worth to be wasted .
All the information has to be collected before going further into process .
This step begins with creativity in generating new ideas that may solve the problem .
The solutions that are conceived need to be analyzed and decision has to be made on which solution is the best suited for implementation .
In conclusion , inventing a product which is easy and require less human effort to operate is essential .
The five steps in engineering design process should be well-followed to produce a good product and fulfill the human needs .
The development of technologies from the context of the innovation-development process may be observed from either a technologically determinist perspective or a socially determinist view .
Technology determinism proposes the perspective that technology progresses along its own path , independent of social development .
Another perspective is social determinism , also known as social constructivism , which supports that society influences and shapes technology , and not vice versa .
One important technology which was socially determined is the mobile phone .
There are several factors that contributed to the shaping of this technological innovation .
The first factor that shaped the mobile phone technology is the market forces .
There are several reasons to this situation .
The demand was still there because there were those who could afford it and mobile phones were important to those who were always on the go .
Mobile phones now have many funky designs and added features like music players , cameras and e-mail readers .
Secondly , personal communication is also one of the factors that shaped this technology .
Keeping in touch with friends became much easier .
Short calls help in bonding relationships as it portrays that the caller is concerned enough to give a call even on a busy day .
Another factor that shaped the mobile phone technology is personal display .
With this , mobile phones became more like a fashion accessory and trends were created .
As we all know , Singapore is a small country with no natural resources , having human as our only resource .
As such , we face several problems that are not encountered by other nations , like inadequate technologically inclined talents and insufficient support from citizens resulting in adverse societal attitude towards failure .
Singapore , a country with only 4.4 million population , she has not enough professionals in the field of technology and scientific as most technological innovations are created by scientific research ( Roger , 2003 ) .
When manpower is the fundamental element of any process , without sufficient quality manpower , the commencement of processes is already hindered .
In short , this problem will hit hard directly on the first step of innovation , 'needs/problems ' , referring to figure 1 below .
As the world become more IT savvy , Singapore needs to set her foot onto the technological industries .
The easiest way to recruit technologically inclined talent is attracting foreign professionals .
This act will effectively increase the quantity of technicians , allowing the kickoff of innovation process temporary .
However our heavy reliance on foreign talents will put Singapore in a vulnerable position in the long run where the foreigners do not have loyalty towards Singapore .
To reduce this over- reliance , Singapore has been taking careful measures in her education system , for instance her first IT Masterplan for education ( MP1 ) in 1997 ( Keng , 2007 ) , ensuring that Singaporeans have sufficient IT skills for future endeavors .
Scarce talents in Singapore is not the only problem we faced , another crucial worry is our adverse societal attitude towards failure .
Few local citizens have the risk venturing attitude fearing failure as when one move into innovation several sacrifices need to be made for example , family , current job .
Thus this worry will affect both the Research and Development stage , from figure 1 .
On the other hand , there are minorities in Singapore whereby they possess the adventurous attitude for instance the manufacturing of machines guns which are used by Russians .
In conclusion , if Singapore is to survive in the high risk volatility of the global economy , more pervasive idea generation skills throughout the population ( Lambe , 2002 ) is required for innovation process to begin .
Education should not only focus on producing 'exam-smart ' students but also those who that can react flexibly with the changes and needs of the current society .
At the same time , society should also give ample supports to this creative thinker of our civilization .
However , we should know that for these problems to be solved , it will require long term investment and there will certainly be some factors that can not be completely unraveled .
The main cause to this phenomenon is the ineffectiveness of the current education system in Malaysia .
Upon facing new problems that they never encounter , they will just give up and take other short-cuts instead .
That 's why the whole process of innovations tends to stop after problems or needs arising .
By chance the process might proceed to the research and development state but that is where more and more problems and troubles will appear and try to block the way out .
Another factor that contributes to Malaysia 's failure is the policy played by the government .
In order to gain political advantages , the government or the ruling party has applied plenty of policies and acts to constraint the freedom of individuals in giving opinions .
Mass media in Malaysia might be seen to have a lot of freedom in reporting news and views but the truth is that they are all being controlled behind the veil .
Wondering how all these connected with innovations ?
If you are the government , what will you do if problems arising in your country ?
Since problem is the first stage of the generation of innovation , the government is actually blocking the entire flow of process innovation .
Country ruled under such government will certainly have very limited evolution in terms of creativity and innovation .
As the conclusion , the government plays an important role in deciding the overall development of innovation and innovative design of a country .
But one thing is for sure - our Earth resource is depleting and engineers , being the problem solvers , have to come up with ideas to reduce fuel consumption and the risk of greenhouse effect and global warming .
All these harmful effects bring us to this certain human need that should be given the utmost priority health .
To solve this , an engineering process has to be developed and this requires a methodology or a process of steps to help us arrive at the solution .
The five step process , developed by Seyyed Khandani ( 2005 ) in http : //www.iisme.org/etp/HS % 20Engineering- % 20Engineering.pdf , is essential to help reduce the amount of pollutants in our air atmosphere .
The problem has to be clearly defined so that researchers and engineers alike have the same concept about the human need to recognize this need for a new product or system .
The emission of harmful pollutants into the air atmosphere by motorcars and factories has affected human health and this need to be rectified .
Details such as whether the issue of global warming is real has to be consolidated before ideas , such as to replace our motorcars with hybrid cars can be generated .
Brainstorming at this stage is often a team effort when people from different diversities are involved in generating multiple solutions to the problem .
Product or systems has to go under a real condition test .
Graphs and charts , and information pertaining to the testing have to be recorded and reported to understand what has created .
Nowadays , the technology of developing alternative and renewable sources of energy is rapidly gaining popularity due to its many advantages over the traditional sources of energy .
They are the supply of traditional source of fuels , such as coal , petroleum and natural gas which are known as non-renewable fuels .
Biofuels are obtained from living or lifeless organisms CITATION Tsc07 \ l 1033 ( T.scheper & L.Olssen , 2007 ) , and it may be in solid , liquid or gaseous forms ; plant oil , ethanol and biodiesel are all examples of biofuels .
Hydrogen fuel refers to using hydrogen gas as an energy carrier CITATION Ram09 \ l 1033 ( Gupta , 2009 ) .
Fossil fuels like coal and petroleum produces a large amount of carbon-based polluting agents and greenhouse gases which contribute to global warming .
Let us make ethanol an example .
" Ethanol contains 35 % oxygen " CITATION Hel09 \ l 1033 ( Helping the Environment ) , this high percentage of oxygen , allows for a more complete combustion , thus reducing the harmful emissions .
In fact , ethanol reduces exhaust carbon monoxide and toxic emissions by 30 % CITATION Hel09 \ l 1033 ( Helping the Environment ) .
The mankind 's battle against climate change is the catalyst that has fueled the search for the renewable sources of energy ; it 's one of the few positive impacts of the global catastrophe that we are heading to .
Unlike alternative fuels , the fossil fuels are finite resource .
At the current rate of consumption , all the natural gas and petroleum will be used up in less than 50 years CITATION Tan07 \ l 1033 ( Tan , Chen , Sadler , & Clare , 2007 ) .
It is impossible to imagine a world without them ; this leaves us with another ethical issue to chew-on : is it fair to take away the luxuries of fossil fuels for the future generations ?
Due to the shortage of petroleum and the ever-increasing dependence on it , the price of crude oil will keep continue to go higher .
In comparison with fossil fuels , renewable fuels will be much cheaper and more stable due to their wide availability no freight cost .
Hence , affordability and market stability are other factors that project the usability and usefulness and renewable resources .
Last but not least , alternative fuels do not rely on oil from Middle Eastern , owing to the advanced technology used to make renewable fuels opens up an entire dimension of ethicality .
The technology can build country energy independence , and thus regional geo-political stability .
To conclude , not only are the renewable fuels a lot more eco-friendly , but they also have are widely and cheaply available .
In addition , the technology can help governments maintain economically and politically stable .
Regrettably none of the alternative sources of energy are ready to dispose off fossil fuel at the moment .
Even so it is crystal-clear to the world that alternative renewable fuels ' technology is the only way ahead .
After analysing the topic , I understand the main issue is about the problems and obstacles which slow down engineering design processes moving for innovations , and the place I will discuss about is my own country China .
I should be able to interpret two of these significant problems and analyse their influences on certain stages of the process .
First of all , in my opinion , the hugest problem throughout all the innovations will be lack of certain resources , raw materials , some necessary tools and high-tech devices or equipments .
The next significant one is that the Chinese government used to be unstable and giving some wrong guidances so that some vast lost were caused to the industry .
There are some other problems such as lack of help from some developed countries , lack of engineers with brilliant knowledge and conflicts between conventional Chinese culture and western cultures in terms of some certain designs which are not so essential , so they are not discussed in this essay .
Here are the aspects of engineering designs for innovation of China that I have thought of :
As the aviation industry is a significant symbol of a country 's strength and a vital sign of the level of a country 's industrialization , I would like to dig further into this aspect .
Do you know when the first time that China created its own aircraft was ?
The first aircraft that was created all by China was finished on 30th of July in 1923 ; 26 years before China become independent .
However , things were not always going well .
In the first place , it was quite a challenge for China to set up its manufactories to produce planes in a rather big scale because of the lack of resources and equipments ; then the situation of unstable state of government emerged and dragged back the total industry dramatically .
Quite early in the 1910s , the government of China started to prepare for setting up aircraft manufactories .
However , till 1949 , there were only over a dozen of small manufactories with shabby devices and few planes were produced .
Worse , the necessary raw materials , processed tools and accessory and advanced equipments were all depending on import from other countries , let alone setting up an independent aircraft manufacturing system .
The problem really stunned the aviation industry for a while .
After China got independent , under the cheerful care and proper guidance of Chairman Mao and some other leaders of China , the aviation industry started to enjoy a pleasant time .
The government spent a lot of money sending engineers to study advanced technologies and importing expects from abroad ; the other various industries of China all give a great support to the aviation industry , especially by providing resources and funds .
In a few years time , China 's aviation industry grew from small to rather large and became able to produce aircrafts of many kinds .
As the pleasant time moved on , in 1953 China was able to make its first five years plan for its aviation industry .
The government guaranteed a lot of labours , materials and funds for the industry and the engineers and workers showed much initiative and creativity in work .
However , after the great success of the first five year plan , in 1958 a dim and disordered period of governance arrived .
A three year of " The Great Leap Forward " took place .
The government began to think that the industries of China had already developed so well that the government started to require the industries to pursue higher quality , huge plans and vigorously speed of construction blindly , which in turn induced many serious quality problems .
Worse , taking advantage of this , reactionaries inner the government planed some sabotage in order to achieve their own goals .
As a consequence , a huge lost was caused to the whole industry .
Fortunately , people started to realize how wrong those guidance were and crush the reactionaries .
The aviation industry kept stick to a solid and standard guideline when producing aircrafts and production gradually recovered .
Finally , we could say that the process of the aircraft innovation was quite devious .
The lack of resources and equipments in the first place cost China a few decades to solve it ; then the whole industry went on well for several years as many aircrafts were produced ; however the government started to give wrong guidance and became unstable and caused a huge damage to the industry .
Looking through the whole process , two serious problems came about and stunned the industry so hard .
However , they were all cleared up by proper guidance and much effort .
One of such important technologies is the wireless communications technology .
All over the world we will see that there are many devices that use this technology .
For example , the remote controllers which help us to switch on or off our televisions , lightings , security alarm systems of our cars and homes and the opening and closing our auto-gates use the wireless communication technology .
Besides these , other examples of devices that use this technology are devices that use the Bluetooth , Wi-Fi , Wi-Max , wireless LAN , mobile phones , etc. Life would not have been as easy and as enjoyable without these devices .
Thanks to the many inventors , researchers , developers and governmental agencies that have helped to make these products available to the general public .
The evolution of this technology is somewhat driven by the social needs .
Today , because of the growing demand of high-speed broadband internet connections , in areas where cabling can not be run such as the outdoors and historical buildings the use of Wi-Fi is a good solution .
For example , in United States it is governed by the Federal Communications Commission ( FCC ) , in Singapore by the Info-Communications Development Authorities of Singapore and in Malaysia by the Malaysian Communications & Multimedia Commission .
For example , in 1985 [ 2 ] , a decision by the FCC of United States to open several bands of wireless spectrum , so-called " garbage bands " ( 900 - 928 MHz , 2400 - 2483.5 MHz , 5725 - 5850 MHz bands ) without the need for government license has spawned growth in R&D in that area .
Due to this decision many " unlicensed " wireless technology products for communication purposes were developed , such as the Bluetooth , Wi-Fi , Wi-Max applications which operated using the spectrum of the garbage band .
Unlicensed wireless devices are devices that emit low power radio frequency energy which are permitted without specific device or user authorization either through registration or grant of a license .
This policy has great economics significance .
The chain effect is that it encourages innovation to develop new communication products which help to fill consumers ' needs , which in turn helps to generate jobs in manufacturing of these products , logistic costs for transportation of these products to various countries around the globe and finally sales of these products to the end consumers .
" Need " here refers to a desire or shortage of a good , and sometimes this " need " can be considered as a neccessity or a form of luxury .
For example , Tetsuya Mizoguchi , an engineer from Toshiba Corporation , saw the need for portable personal computers and came up with the idea of laptop ; and as of current , one of the human needs that seek unremitting attention would be transportation .
As the struggle between man versus nature continues to be unabated , it is the engineers ' job to design cars that are environmental-friendly to mitigate what has already been done to our environment .
The process of defining a problem involves identifying a need , developing a problem statement and establishing a criteria for success .
It must be clear , concise and unambiguous to prevent any off-track .
Creativity is one of the biggest emphasis in this step in order to generate techincal solutions to the problem .
Engineers must also be willing to take risk and make mistakes , and not to be afraid of being criticized for their ideas .
Analysis of all possible solutions are to be done and reasons of why the final solution overrides the others must be clear .
In the design of environmental-friendly cars , it must be in a way that , the design of this car would be less polluting than the current ones , coupled with lower price and better performance .
Greenhouse emissions must be put to the lowest level as much as possible .
" exclaimed Archimedes , Greek mathematician and physicists , when he noticed water flowing out of his bath tub as he submerged himself into the tub .
Despite their differences in definition , a research technology and a serendipitous technology both share a common similarity ; the technology is ultimately used to tackle the problems of Man .
However , despite their similarity in resolving problems of Man , the two technologies also share one difference ; the process in which it was discovered .
Throughout history , we , mankind had always sought to improve the quality of our lives .
Singapore has no other natural resources , hence , our most urgent need will be to find a reliable source of sustainable energy .
According to Khandani ( 2005 ) , the design process consists of five main parts : Defining the problem , gathering required information , generating multiple solutions , selecting a solution and testining of the solution .
Wind energy requires a vast open area to place the windmills , Singapore does not have such space to spare .
The infrastructure required is much simpler , only the solar panels and necessary wirings are needed .
The majority of housing in Singapore are HDB flats , these flats add up to form a considerable amount of land area .
This scheme is highly probably because the government has control over a large number of HDB flats , which constitutes to a large land area .
To design environmentally-friendly product
Since 19 century , the environment has been polluted because of the fast development of industries and economics .
Nowadays , the pollution is very severe and has threatened living condition of human beings .
To have environmentally-friendly product is a human need that has to be given priority , so that the products people use wo n't be harmful to neither the environment nor health of people .
To define the problem , three main needs can be identified : firstly , design products that the pollution caused during manufacturing can be minimized .
Secondly , design products with environmentally-friendly material and consuming green energy .
Thirdly , design products with minimizing emission pollution .
And the criteria for success of the product should put the level of environmentally-friendly into priority consideration .
According to Khandani ( 2005 ) , traditional publications , libraries and internet are major source to find out information needed .
Since our problem is very academic and needs in depth search , journals and books should be the main source to do research on .
Besides , our problem has three aspects , which is wide-ranged , so we need to focus on aspects that are well developed .
Then is time to generate multiple solutions for the problems .
To analysis those design solutions , a lot of factors need to be considered .
Functional analysis , ergonomics and product safety and liability are all important elements to evaluate those solutions .
To compare one solution with another , ranking according to the attributes for the solution is necessary for us to see with one the best , in our case , environmentally-friendly should be the major criteria .
At last , choose the most scored one for the next process .
Methods such as prototyping and concurrent engineering can be applied for implementation , and we need to know how effective the product is regarding to environmentally-friendly .
In that case , we need to repeat the design processes to solve problems .
To sum up , the design processes can help to solve the problem we have effectively , since in each step we do our job based on the problem we want to solve and the efficiency .
New and clever technologies are constantly being realised by people all around the world to tackle problems that they face .
One of them is that they both exist to address problems that people are facing at that time of creation , but differ in process it takes to develope the product .
Another is that both type of technology requires people to ultilise a certain amount of creativity and good peception to develope them completely but differ when it comes to the type of people it usually involves .
Teflon for example , is being used in a variety of products as anti-stick or anti-stain coatings .
Cooking utensils coated with Teflon are now easier to clean up since the burnt food no longer stick to it .
Clothes coated in a variety of Telfon became stain resistant which means less chance of it becoming damaged permanently by tough stains , and an easier time washing the dirt off the clothes .
This problem is the space constraint due to a small living space .
By being foldable , space could be made available for use where the bed would havve been .
Ultimately , both type of technologies are beneficial to the human population .
The two ways of developing technologies have different processes .
The development murphy bed , for example , is driven largely by the problem it was trying to solve .
This result in a process where identifying the problem comes first , after which time and effort are put in to solve that one problem .
However , Telfon has seen itself being used as coatings to cloths , coating on cookware , insulations and even in medicine as stenotic arties .
One reason for this versatility is that the brainstorming is now focused on the various problems where Telfon could be used to great effect .
With a large pool of possible uses for Telfon gathered , the next step would be to modify this new technology so that it may be used for as many of the problems as possible .
By observing this , it could be possible that people would combine some of the key aspects of the process to create a better model for developing new technology .
Therefore , as we human are running out of energy we could make use of , providing sustainable , green and reliable energy has been crucial for the survival of the whole human society .
Before setting out for possible solutions for our energy problem , rigorously defining the problem itself is indeed necessary so that we could make sure that we are always in the right direction and know what properties the right solutions should possess .
" An energy crisis is the shortage of energy accompanied by the fact that now we can not find enough reliable energy as substitute " is a definition given by Prof. McLaren Hill from the University of Edinburgh .
Such solutions contain hydro and solar energy generating .
But whatever the result might be , we must apply scientific methods in every stage , from building a prototype to conducting concurrent engineering , from the very first planning to the later maintenance .
Technologies have been developed since long ago , however , not all of them are planned .
There are many pathways that lead to a technology being created , mainly by serendipitous discovery or through research .
While most of the events appeared to be non-significant , there are some where people actually get ideas from it .
This is what we call serendipitous discovery , when people make discoveries that they are not seeking .
One of the example technology discovered from research is development in automobile safety and better design of roads in the United States ( U.S. ) while an example of technology resulted from serendipitous discovery is the Post-it pads .
Technology created via research has significant difference in comparison with technology resulted from serendipitous discovery in several aspects .
One of the major difference is whether there is a need for the technology .
In this case , the development in automobile safety and better design of roads in U.S. is to reduce the massive casualties from road accidents where the annual vehicle death rate reached 50,000 in the early 1960s ( statistics taken from Rogers , E. M. ( 2003 ) .
Decades ago , the 3M researchers found a new bonding agent during their research but it is not what they wanted to achieve as the bonding agent did not stick paper very tightly to the surface .
Therefore , it can be said that technologies created from research are due to a need for them while technologies from serendipitous discovery do not originate from a need .
Technologies developed through research are use for their intended purpose .
Whereas , technologies developed from serendipitous discovery are not use for their intended purpose .
The bonding agent was initially thought as a failure as it does not meet the expectation of the researchers,which is to stick tightly to the surface of paper .
However , it is later converted into a successful product when it is use to create " Post-its , " the little stick- on squares of colored paper that can be used to attach a note to a letter or other document which is not the intended purpose of this technology .
In a nutshell , technologies created from research will be use for their intended aim while technologies developed from serendipitous discovery might not serve its intended purpose .
Lastly , the difference between the 2 is the background research .
This is proven just by looking at the amount of research needed before measures taken to developed a safer automobile as well as better design of highways .
There are no background research for these technologies , as they are created out of pure coincidence .
With reference to Post-it pads , they are created without any background research .
Hence , there it can be said that there is background research for technologies originated from research while there might not be any background research for technologies created from serendipitous discovery .
Despite the differences between the ways the technologies are created , they help to improve the life of mankind be it through convenience or any other means .
In conclusion , there are significant differences between technologies developed from research and serendipitous discovery , however , it does not change the fact that they are key to the future for mankind .
The development and advancement in science and technology has brought much convenience to human 's society today .
Technology is something which is created to help solving the problems we face in our daily life and at the same time , improving the quality of our life .
Generally , most of the technological innovations are created through basic research , followed by applied research and finally leading to development .
The differences between these two types of technological inventions can be perceived in terms of their research backgrounds , cost of the invention of the technology , and time consumptions .
Technology developed via research and technology which resulted from a serendipitous discovery have different research backgrounds .
Technology based on scientific research requires a wide range of knowledge about the research .
Special skills are also needed to carry out certain experiments and to record the result and data of the experiments .
For example , to create a miniaturized medical submarine which can be injected into human bodies to destroy the blood clot that threatens a human life , there are many technical problems to overcome , such as how to make , power and steer them .
Both the technology based on research and technology created by serendipitous discovery require different amount of cost to be carried out .
For technology based on research , a large amount of money is needed to purchase materials that are essential for the research and investigations to be instigated .
Moreover , specific apparatus , for instances , machines and robots , which are usually expensive , are also needed in order to carry out certain experiments .
Apart from that , time consumption of both the technology based on research is much different from the technology created by serendipitous discovery .
In order to carry out many research and analysis , much time has to be spent for the technology to be successfully invented .
For instance , Thomas Edison had spent his whole life to invent a light bulb with almost ten thousands of failures before he succeeded .
For technology created from serendipitous discovery , less time required as it comes out unexpectedly .
One popular example is penicillin , where it turned out to be the first antibiotic because of its property of killing biological materials when it was left in Petri dishes containing biological organisms .
To sum up the salient point , technology created via research requires more researches and investigations than technology resulted from a serendipitous discovery .
Besides , cost of creating a technology created via research is much higher as compared to that of technology resulted from a serendipitous discovery .
Technology based on scientific research consumes more time than technology resulted from a serendipitous discovery as there are many research and experiment need to be carried out .
Although all technology serves a common purpose , there are many differences between inventions that resulted from research and serendipitous discoveries .
Looking at an example of invention that resulted from research which is the laptop and an example of serendipitous discovery which is the implantable pacemaker , a few distinct differences such as the cause leading to the research , final usage of the technology and the research procedures can be spotted between them .
Firstly , the most distinct difference between an implantable pacemaker and a laptop is the intentions which led to the discovery of them .
In the case of the laptop , the inventors of the laptop started with the intention of creating a " DynaBook " which is a concept thought up in 1968 .
Therefore , it is obvious that the cause which led to the invention is very different where in the case of the laptop which , it was already intended since before its creation whereas in the case of the implantable pacemaker , its creation was never intended .
In the case of the laptop , the final usages is what it is intended for since before its creation during the time of conceptualisation of it .
However , in the case of the pacemaker , the final usage was not what it was intended to be .
It was intended to be a machine to record the sound of the heartbeats which was mentioned above but end up as a device to stimulate the heart to serve as a cure for certain heart problems .
As shown above , in the case of most serendipity discoveries , they will normally not be used for the initial purpose of the experiment that led to its discovery whereas in the case of invention through research , it will be the used for its intended purposes .
Lastly , the pace of advancement that led to the invention of the laptop and the pacemaker is different too .
The experiment that discovered the implantable pace maker was done in 1958 and within months of its discovery the first implantable pacemaker was being used on a human being .
However , for the laptop , the concept of it was thought up in 1968 and the first " laptop " only came into existence in 1975 .
On the other hand , there are undeniably some similarities between serendipitous discoveries and discoveries made through conventional research method .
In both example , regardless of its method of discoveries , both are beneficial to mankind and help to improve the quality of life .
The laptop simplified human work whereas the pacemaker help prolong life of some stricken with life threatening diseases .
In conclusion , though there are many differences between the discovery of the laptop and pacemaker shown above , they both help to propel the human race forward into the future .
The first step in the engineering design process is to identify the problem that our product will face .
The most convenient way to collect the appropriate information is through the use of internet , as there are always search engine available to help get our sources more accurately and quickly .
Through more brainstorming within our group , we would arrive with more solutions .
The best solution would be chosen from the few ideas that we have thought of during the " generating multiple problem " process .
We should come out with a series of tests to prove whether the products work in real life environment .
Even if one of the tests fails , we could apply the engineering design process to solve the problems that developed in the process of the testing .
In this long time period , technology developed together with human society .
There is one obvious point that technology developed via different ways .
Technology developed via research and technology resulted from a serendipitous discovery differ in some aspects and share similarities in some other aspects .
The process of the development of technology developed via research is very systematic with very clear target .
They do not have the target but they finally get to dig out some new technology .
These inputs include time , effort , found , and so on .
Unlike technologies developed via research , technologies resulted from serendipitous need almost zero input .
This kind of technology is just like a gift from god .
Scientists need such luck to get this god 's gift .
So , these two kinds of technology need different input .
They develop certain technology which satisfies certain consumer domains ; in comparison , scientists usually do not know the use and the specific consumer domains when they first accidently discover a technology .
They help make our life easier and more comfortable , thus improve our living standard .
Even though these two kinds of technology develop from different ways , they both can benefit society and our daily life .
This can be done by taking into consideration the factor of inventions being environmentally friendly as one of its major factors in the five steps of engineering design process , which are as follows : Defining the problem , gathering information , generating solutions , analysing and selecting a solution and implementing the solution .
It points the whole purpose of the process in the right direction .
For example , eco-friendly gym equipments today are able harness the energy generated during its use to power the machine itself .
Moreover , new inventions should not be the only products with a " green " factor as old inventions can be revised in order to cohere to the " green " status .
It also allows them to consider existing solutions , if any , and consider various factors which will determine the success of the product such as the economical factors of the product and its effectiveness .
Thus , solutions generated from these ideas should be able to resolve the problems indentified as well as conforming to the requirements of society .
Moreover , not only should the product solve the initial problem , it should also meet society 's demand in terms of usability , ergonomics and economical concerns .
Each problem is different and unique , thus , they would have different factors to consider for analysis .
Every design is rated based on the consideration of various factors such as functionality , ergonomics , mechanical , manufacturability , safety , economical and for regulations and compliance .
( Khandani , 2005 ) The solutions would then be rated according to different criteria corresponding to the analysis and the best would be then selected .
After which , safety is another area of concern .
In conclusion , engineering design process is a general process which ideas can be generated to resolve current issues .
Engineering design process is able to address this issue by encompassing and focusing on being environmentally friendly for every invention .
Technological developments are divided into two different categories : the conventional method of developing technology through researching or through serendipitous discovery .
The two technological innovation discussed would be the Laptop Computer and Sildenafil ( Viagra ) .
Though they are on opposite spectrum in terms of the field of technology , both have similarities in their own way .
One difference , aside from their uses , is in the manner which they were developed .
The development of the laptop in Toshiba took on a systematic and direct approach towards an apparent goal : to reduce the size of a personal computer so it will be compact enough and portable .
Yet , aside from being products of different fields , both technologies were able to commercialise into products successfully .
( Keith A 2000 ) The laptop was a radically different innovation then , nevertheless , it was marketed furiously and soon had majority market shares in Europe , United States and Japan ( Rogers 2003 ) .
Another similarity between both technologies was that they had competitors .
Offices in Japan are crowded and homes are small with no space to install a desktop gave rise to a need for smaller personal computers .
The problem of male erectile dysfunction was solved by the innovative development of Viagra , though it was a 'coincidence ' the compound Sildenafil causes penile erection .
The number of car on the road keep on increasing year by year and so do the pollution that arises from it .
As stated by Khandani in " Engineering Design Process , 2005 " , consumers are the one that ultimately establish the need for a product .
This includes brainstorming sessions to find new alternative fuels and designing a new engine that can run on it .
Engineers also need to make comparison on the latest hybrid cars such as electric cars , hydrogen fuel cell cars and solar powered cars to see which one is more efficient and suitable .
Willingness to take risks and experiment with new alternative fuels are also important so that more creative ideas can be generated .
Lastly , after going through rigorous analyzing and selecting the final design , we need to make a prototype of the hybrid car and test its overall function in real world situations .
This will reveal the weaknesses in the design , hence the engineers can improve on it .
Creative engineering design can produce a paradigm shift for people to start using environmentally friendly cars due to all its positive advantages .
However , in the process of looking for new energy source to take place of coals and oils , a more urgent problem of the energy system has been neglected -- the storage of the energy .
Ironically , comparing with the primary energy carriers , the battery is far less popular and only used in some specific fields .
The process can be divided into three parts , defining the problems of battery , finding the solutions and selling the new products .
The birth of the battery can be back to several hundreds years ago , but it failed to dominate the energy carrier market since its two obvious weakness , which can not be improved easily .
It can only be used in some trivial electric devices such as mp3 player .
The second weakness of battery is its charge time : comparing to the refueling of the fossil fuel , the battery charge takes too much time .
These two elements together impede battery to be an instant energy carrier , and finally lead to today 's situation of energy carrier market .
To enhance the capacity of the battery , keep trying new materials is important .
Since the new battery is designed to use in the big machines to replace engines , the capacity will have the priority .
The popularization of battery is not isolated ; as an energy carrier , it should be together with the innovation of the electrical cars and other engineering products to form an industry chain .
The chain will also include the battery charge station , which will replace the refueling station as the popularization of battery .
To sum up , the engineering design process can be a good way to innovate new generation of battery .
A process that includes defining , solving and selling will build a whole industry chain of new battery , and finally meet the energy carrier need of the society .
In cities around the world , large amount of energy are consumed by electrical appliances every day .
By designing better electrical appliances that could perform the same function with lesser energy used , we could save a large amount of energy .
With lesser energy used , costs of living are reduced and the economy would improve with more people having more money to spend .
Another way to improve the economy would be through the designing of new form of energy sources .
As the natural resources are depleting , price of using it as source of energy is becoming increasingly costly .
Therefore , through discovery of new form of convenient and renewable energy , the price of energy could be more stable .
With a more stable price , it reduces the chance of a big change that could lead to economy problems .
To sum up , a stable and better economy is the current human need that should be given priority to engineer designs .
With a population of 1.15 billion , a total area of 3.2 million square kilometers , twenty eight states , seven union territories , diversity in culture and around a hundred different languages , India , has certain significant problems in the hampering of engineering design processes for innovations .
Though engineering design is considerably well established in the country , some practical problems , play spoil sport .
Having a literacy rate of 61 percent , it is quite difficult to introduce new technological innovations , as not all the people in the country would understand and know how to utilize the product well .
This is because the job opportunities are better in foreign countries in comparison with the state of unemployment in India .
Problems such as second highest population , vast size , low literacy rate and 'Brain Drain ' have made it difficult for India to take a step towards technological innovations in the field of engineering design .
Right from education every other field in India is flooded with corrupt officials who primarily work with a self centered mindset to misappropriate and amass huge amount of money .
These individuals are indifferent to the fact that majority of India 's population is below the poverty line .
This multi faceted economic problem poses as the main hindrance to India 's technological development and is the mother of all other social and political problems that India faces .
The 5 stages are sequential which means that an interruption in any of the 5 steps can hamper the engineering design process .
In Malaysia , engineering design processes for innovation have not been evolving as much as the government would like .
The problems that contribute to it is that there are not many quality engineers left in Malaysia and the local society 's mindset .
The value of the ringgit is rather low so engineers tend to favor working overseas as the salary is higher and the working environment is much better .
For example , Malaysians who studied in Singapore are required to sign a bond which ties them to work in Singapore for a few years .
After working in Singapore , most of them will not return to work in Malaysia as the pay is almost double compared to working locally .
The engineers produces in local universities are not able to fill the gap left by the engineers who leave the country .
They are not willing to take new risks in terms of design innovations .
Malaysians are contented easily and refuse to improve on existing innovations and technologies .
Malaysian societies are also uncooperative in their work .
They are not willing to seek help from foreign countries and source most of the work to unqualified local companies .
The problems listed above can have an impact on all or one of the 5 stages of engineering design process .
First and foremost , the conventional thinking of Malaysians can affect the first stage of the process that is defining the problem .
We need to work together with other nations to tackle a problem because other countries may have different views to a problem solution .
Most significantly , because of the insufficient amount of engineers in the country , we are just not able to source enough manpower to accomplish the design process .
In conclusion , the progress of engineering designed is being disrupted by local society and the lack of engineers .
As the rest of the world continue to improve technologically , we advance at a slower pace .
There is a need to have an attitude change in both the government and society .
They should consider helping improve the level of design innovation in the country so that we can compete globally .
Incredible as it seems in such a resource-rich earth , the energy crisis has become one makeable problem .
As Tennessee Valley Authority disclosed that the normal 60-day store of coal now can only supply ten to twelve days ( Business : The Energy shortage worsens , 1997 ) .
This means that our resources can not fulfill our increasing demand .
However , there are some concerns about it , such as security , costs and performance , which have limited the popularization of this promising substitute approach .
In order to resolve these problems , a new generation of nuclear energy system which is called the Fourth Generation reactors is under test .
One of the six approaches that named as supercritical-water-cooled reactor can give us a way for our future energy with further researches .
Supercritical-water-cooled reactors share the benefits of Generation IV and some further benefits compared with other kinds of reactors , SCWR may also resolve some concerns about safety and cost with some further development .
SCWR as one of the six reactor concepts for Generation IV nuclear fuel , share the same advantage with all other reactors and some further predominance compared with other reactors .
Sustainable means that the system should generate power by some natural fuel , at the same time , minimize the environmental impact .
Economically viable means that the generating cost should be competitive with other energy resources , meanwhile the capital investment should also be low enough to allow access to a large number of countries .
Safe and reliable mainly emphasize that the future reactors should perform better or at least as well in terms of the safety and reliability as current ones .
The focus is to decrease the emission of radiation and insure the safety of civilians once accident happen .
Compared with other reactors , SCWR is advanced as its higher thermal efficiency ( about 45 % versus 33 % for LWR ) and simple plant .
( Nuclear Power Energy , 2002 ) The SCWR is effective because only one cycle is involved .
Furthermore , the SCWR does not require steam separator plates , heat exchangers nor turbines compared with BWR .
( Tilkki V. Supercritical Water Reactors : A Survey on International State of Research in 2006 , 2006 ) All the simple design reduced the construction cost of nuclear electrical station .
Also the coolant of SCWR is water which is cheaper compared with other kinds of reactors .
Although SCWR owns lots of benefits , two main concerns about the cost and safety limited the population of this reactor .
Opponents way argue that the cost of nuclear energy is not equivalent to what we have paid .
This means that the electrical power which is generated by nuclear is very costly .
For the operating cost , the cost of producing electricity has decreased from 3.63 cents per KWHr to 1.68 cent since 1987 .
In the USA , the nuclear power operators are charged 0.1 cents per KW-Hr for the disposal of Nuclear Waste and the average decommissioning cost is $ 300 million .
In fact , these costs are all affordable compared with other kinds of method .
The main cost is the construction cost which may vary from 1 billion to 5 billion ( such as Shoreham , Long Island , 1985 ) dollars .
Nowadays , the lowest cost of nuclear power industry is $ 1300 per KW in China .
But the new AP1000 can promise a cost of $ 1000 per KW construction cost and only spend 3 years .
( Everything you want to know about Nuclear Power , n.d. ) Thus , in the future , the nuclear electricity can share the same price with other fossil resource electricity .
On the other hand , some one doubt about the safety of the SCWR .
Their worries are based on the accidents occurred before .
For instance , only from 1989 to 1992 , during such a short period of time , there are more than ten accidents occurred in India , USA and Japan for such a short period of time ( Calendar of Nuclear Accidents , 2004 ) .
All of these experiences told us that nuclear power is really dangerous .
Some processes for SCWR can not be achieved safely by present technology , but the scientists are really working hard on them and some breakthrough had been made .
Thus , the future for SCWR is will be safe and effective .
To conclude , we can see that SCWR is a sustainable , economically viable , safe and reliable approach .
If all the disadvantages can be overcome , we can get a suitable replacement for fossil resources .
Not only does design entail magnificent facade or a weird opinion of a maverick , but it also involves pragmatism , cost and efficiency .
All these requirements are fully passed just by those who are well educated .
Quite the opposite , while there is a highly increasing demand in engineers with acuity of design , even in the education system of my own country , there are two major setbacks for engineering students getting adequate design skills : the lack of practice in school and the insufficiency of co-curricular activities .
Although the curriculum has recently been continually improved to gradually reduce the conventional teaching method , the reality is still a void in students ' lab skills .
The reason is that the equipping of new device needed for experiments is not in tandem with the changing of textbooks .
Only in the urban areas can students have opportunities to get access to the required equipments .
Regarding students in other places , they can merely see the teacher do a sample experiment in the lecture but can not try by themselves .
According the Labor Newspaper , Hung Yen , a south province of Viet Nam , there are thousands of students are studying without sufficient lab equipments due to the delay in project of purchasing new equipments and corruption .
In these regions , another factor that breaks the camel 's back is the exodus of young lab teachers to cities where they can have a conducive environment to develop their own job and earn a better living .
The residue of this migration is an old generation teachers who do not much familiar with modern device in labs .
Consequently , students do not have chance to learn the priceless pragmatic experience of how to design in work .
This can be accounted for the fact there are few organizations in almost all schools .
There was , in fact , one organization , namely the Youth Union , in my secondary school .
Though activities held by the above organizations ranged from learning history , stance to acquiring leadership , not many students were benefited from them .
That is due to the fact that the number of attendants for one activity just covered a small portion of the whole students in school .
Moreover , since co-curricular is not compulsory in our country , and the studying in other learning centers takes up almost all time of students , they tends to drop co-curricular activities in school .
The Youth Newspaper recorded a New Zealand professor that Vietnamese students spent so much time to study academic knowledge that co-curricular activities became something " luxurious " .
The two aforementioned issues leave engineering students to be detrimental effects on their design process for innovation .
For one thing , students who are not used to doing lab , research usually have just a vague image of what should be done .
For them , the first step of design process seems to be far away as they can not define the problems completely since " people have a natural tendency to attack the current solution to a problem rather than the problem itself " ( Khandani , S. , Engineering design process , page 8 ) .
As a result , all the rest of process can be ruined because of the first steps , for example , if the problem statement is not broad enough , the statement will preclude the new thoughts on the issue .
Thus , it is arduous to undo the whole process , otherwise these novice engineers have to accept low-quality products and , consistently , low profit .
Another thing is that without experiments in co-curricular activities , fledgling engineers can not fulfill the second and the third steps : collecting pertinent information , generate multiple solutions .
This is because they will lack of confident in communication with other colleagues to gather information as well as learning experience , so they hardly can find out the most effective information , let alone their inaptitude in information-searching method .
Co-curricular activities also give engineering students necessary creativity and imagination to come up with many answers for a single question .
If students do not actively join various activities , they will be apt to apply solely rules and theory in school to work .
Losing creativity and imagination means that they are losing their advantage in the knife edge market .
However , with efforts to reform education , I optimistically believe that we can overcome these obstacles to be competitive engineers in global market .
In Singapore , there are problems that hamper engineering design processes for innovations .
These problems may cause impacts to the market ; like unavailability of new products , poor design outcome and changing mindsets of potential designers .
First , it is the lack of creativity .
In Singapore , a number of us are the lazy type , which means we are lazy to design .
Also there are some that are shy to speak up about their ideas .
Another problem would be individuals with fixed mindsets , thinking that designing are not a good path to take .
For example , from Marcelo Ang 's ( 2009 ) talk , he mentioned that it is always the mental block of an individual that makes everyone thought of not to go for designing .
Hence the need to remove that mental block , so that the individuals will have the opportunity to design and invent what they desire for .
As a result , this may cause the market to lose out good designers , which could potentially help boost the market .
Without people designing new products and stuffs , there will be no new products in the market .
This in turn will cause the market to suffer , in the article Designing engineers to change the world , Chan ( 2009 ) mentioned that market users always demand for new products , which they are fascinated with .
Second , it is due to the time taken to create a full design product .
A design process is not a one-night outcome .
This includes tests on human to confirm that it is fit for drinking before it is produced for public consumption .
It took more than a year to complete .
This leads to other effects and impacts the market .
People will tend to go for simpler designs , because of the long time required to create a proper full design .
Reason being , it will be much easier to design and time required would be much lesser .
This will result to poor designs produced in the market .
Hence market users will not be tempted to buy the product , which would cause the sales and market to be low .
Additionally , this will also lead to loss income to the designer as they might not earn their production cost back .
Eventually potential designers will have second thoughts and step out of designing .
In conclusion , the lack of creativity and the time to create a design could cause impacts to the market in Singapore .
These problems that may hamper the engineering design would impact the market causing the unavailability of new products , designers taking shortcuts in design and changing mindsets about design .
In addition , this would lead to market downturn .
It 's hard to change once it 's fixed .
I believe that if an individual takes up the courage to change , and design a proper design , it would resolve the problems that are hampering the design process for innovations .
If we were n't greedy for more always just imagine how different the world would have been .
Just an hour without the majestic invention of electricity just drives everyone crazy .
The boom of innovation and technology in the past few decades has just been tremendous .
However the standard of research and innovations being administered in every country varies to a great deal .
This is influenced by the different social and economic atmospheres prevalent .
The first thing that jumps right into your mind when you read about India is its vast size and a whooping population of over 1.1 billion ( Population Council , 2009 ) .With such a vast population the onus on the government to ensure the welfare of the people is tremendous .
With India being a democratic country the major revenue for the government is taxes paid by the people .
With the standard of living not being quite high the revenue earned by the government is also quite less .
Therefore the amount of money the government can afford to spend on the research projects is quite less comparatively .
One of the major responsibilities of the government of any country is providing quality education to the children .
These children then resort to manual labour .
These children may one day turn into great thinkers and scientists ,but due to lack of proper facilities they drop out of school .
It is no wonder that India lags in technological innovations and research .
However in the cities the quality of education is world class .
Some of them tend to leave the country in search of better prospects in the developed countries .
The chance of earning huge sums of money and a quality lifestyle just makes them leave their country as though they are leaving their house to take a leisurely stroll .
With the government spending huge sums of money on them and these people not even repaying the government by working here and paying taxes here , it is a huge blow for the government .
With such highly educated individuals leaving the country the scope for leading research becomes quite limited,scarce .
Another factor is that a lot of the developed countries attract foreign talent in addition to their own population .
With all these factors playing a role , the engineering design and innovation is hampered quite a lot .
Steps have been taken to minimise the effects of these factors , but there is still a long way to go to see all these factors vanishing all together .
Innovation engineering has been a commonly recurrent phrase among the industries in the recent years .
The process of concept generation , product testing and product implementation requires lots of resources .
In the Singapore society where it is relatively result orientated , people tend to be afraid to try out new ideas as they are afraid they will lose out to the intense competition they face from the others .
Hence , engineers will rather stick to tried and proven methods that are seen to be effective , instead of explore for more alternative methods .
Without having gone through failures , new and better processes would not be developed properly , and thus failing to achieve optimisation .
Due to this problem , fresh ideas would not even have a chance to be developed , least to say , move towards the implementation of the idea .
This gradually develops into an inflexible culture , whereby our workers choose to stick to current beliefs rather than try out new ideas .
Generating new concepts do not just require a single day of effort , as what people believe , but instead require a longer thought process which may take days or even months .
This has brought rise to various government bodies efficient in international operating and manufacturing standards .
Innovative engineering requires the engineer to venture into areas which have yet to be explored , which makes the experience even more vital , as it would allow problems to be identified even before they occur .
These problems would most probably yet to be explored by current engineers .
As the third biggest country with the largest population in the world , there are still some unavoidable problems of engineering design processes for innovations in a developing country , China .
Two major problems among these are : the low acceptance of engineering design and the complex verification before licensing procedures for engineering projects .
The majority of Chinese citizens have just received junior middle school or primary school education as a result of the large population and the developing economy .
Therefore , it is not hard to figure out the lack of knowledge about engineering design which results in the low acceptance of engineering design .
Except the flourishing cities , such as Shanghai and Beijing , in most parts of China , people seldom hear of engineering design , not to mention to understand it .
People do not know how to make use of the new technologies and new products so that it is easy to imagine the situation where engineering design processes for innovations receive not much or little support from the public in China and people .
Sometimes engineering design may interfere some persons'interests in the short run .
For example , when a kind of new technology is being marketed , perhaps some people who earn a living by the old technology or products , like hand embroidery will suffer market competition even huge losses .
Without the proper understanding , people mostly object engineering design , let alone the support .
There is no doubt about the trouble caused by such condition to engineering projects .
Another serious problem for engineering design is the complex verification before licensing procedures for engineering projects due to the incomplete law system .
In most cases , it costs quite a lot for project managers to get the licence for an engineering project , not just money and time , but also the interpersonal relationship .
In China , interpersonal relationships are still one of the most important factors to survive successfully in the complex society like China and one has to put much effort to establish and maintain interpersonal relationships .
Taking into account all of the above elements , there is no wonder at the high cost in time and labour for a licence of engineering project .
It does not just waste a lot of time for an innovation project , but also passes away the mood of inspiration for innovation .
The problems all above are related to people 's attitudes towards engineering design and the political situation for engineering innovations , implying the heavy going improvement of engineering design .
Even though , it is a journey of hardships for Chinese innovations in the field of engineering design , which really suffers quite a lot at the moment , the future for Chinese engineering innovations is still bright with the government striving to achieve the goal for a healthy environment of engineering supervision .
In some countries , nuclear energy plays an important role in power in power production .
Currently , " nuclear energy supplies about 80 % and 30 % of the electricity in France and Japan respectively. " ( section2.3 ) .
However , these powerful weapons were not were not within scientists ' imagination of how nuclear energy would be utilised .
Scientists probably had intended to use nuclear energy for peaceful purposes like using it as an alternative source of energy production .
Hence , we shall examine how nuclear energy grew and how it is important to the world now and in the near future .
Nuclear energy was discovered in the early 1990s ( section2.1 ) .
We shall not go down to the details of that process but it was a major scientific discovery as it leads to another form of energy production .
Naturally , nuclear weapons became increasingly sophisticated as nuclear countries reinvent these weapons and vie to be the most powerful nuclear state .
However , the use of nuclear weapons on another country has been non-existent since WWII as countries realize the chaos it could cause .
Using more nuclear energy and less carbon-generated energy to produce electrical energy could mean a significant decrease in greenhouse gases and a cleaner earth to live in .
Countries like France rely on nuclear power as much as other countries that rely on carbon to generate electricity .
Hence , nuclear energy might become essential in the near future as the world seeks to solve the problems due to global warming .
At the same time , just like any other forms that could be used to generate electricity , nuclear power is not a perfect source of energy too .
In conclusion , nuclear energy would probably play an important as the Earth 's carbon resources are used up .
The creation NEWater , a technology where used water is treated to become potable , is one of the few examples of success in the research of technology in Singapore .
Prior to this achievement , PUB ( Public Utilities Board ) faced many obstacles and that includes the lack of engineering technology which made the cost of implementation unrealistic .
At the same time , the comfortable state of living in Singapore has posed the challenge on provoking the minds of its people to improve their current state of living .
All these may then lead to the slowdown of the technological advancement in Singapore .
Parents and teachers emphasized a lot in obtaining 'A ' grades and hence students have a misconception towards education .
Moreover , academy promotion mainly requires students to reproduce the knowledge conservatively without much consideration .
As such , lesser time is made for attending brain teasing courses and for almost all cases , they are made optional to students and their importance is not highlighted .
Hence , 'students from Singapore tops result in Mathematics and Science among their peers from other 41 countries but when it comes to designing , Singaporeans are way behind their foreign peers ' ( Boston College , n.d. ) .
It is then evident that Singaporean students are proficient in examination questions yet failing in creativity .
In view of the restrictions set on one 's creativity , there is no doubt why designing novel engineering processes is beginning to be seen as outstanding talent in our society .
Given their comfortable lifestyle they are enjoying , the idea of bringing about a change is not of their priority .
For instance , they have upgraded the facilities in housing estates , such as the implementation of the Lift Upgrading Scheme , and this brings about the 'tardiness ' in Singaporeans to think about further improvements to their life .
Their focus , instead , is directed at their routine occupational job and their own family matters and therefore , the element of creative is not part of their daily life .
The result that consequently led by these problems is the failure to generate creative ideas as a solution or improvement to their surroundings .
Surprisingly , what Singaporeans have in mind as the ideal solution may not be in tandem with other fellow foreigners .
Eventually , without a niche in designing , they will then lose out to the 'brains ' from other countries when it comes to employment for 'a designer is a planner with an aesthetic sense' .
( Bruno Munari , n.d ) Not only do we need to be knowledgeable , originality , too , plays an important role when it comes to being a great innovator .
For example , Singapore needs to , and have already begun to , deviate from its regimental approach of learning .
( ChannelNewsAsia , 2007 ) The bold decision to invest billion of dollars into R&D will make people realize the importance of innovations to the sustainability of Singapore and no doubt open up more avenues for new discovery to be made .
All in all , both measures that Singapore 's government is taking clearly reflect on its intention to drive Singapore to become one of the leading countries in terms of technology .
It is the sentence that we all heard many times before when it comes to innovation .
To be able to capture the consumers in the market , we have to be innovative in product designs .
However , I think problems like the fixed mindset of the person and the lacking of resources may hamper with engineering design process for innovations .
They tend to worry what other might think and are afraid of criticism by others .
Hence during the presentation of ideas , they will present it with little or no confidence because they are afraid of making fools of themselves .
Also if someone has received a negative response , there is a high chance that they will not pursue any innovative attempts anymore .
Sometimes , people have the tendency to make products too complex and too focused on factors like usability that it results in a design barrier .
Not everyone encourage new ideas .
These will also further hinder creativity .
As a result , the cost of production will be expensive and people rather choose to design a simple product and not to invest in the product innovation and research .
Also we have a small talent pool of people with innovative ideas .
As a result of the problems that hamper with engineering design process for innovation , many fail to identify those unmet needs of the market , causing the market to suffer .
Instead of having new type of products in the market to capture the attention of the consumers , the market ended up with many different products having similar features and functions .
As mentioned by Chan in his lecture , many people are also willingly to pay more for design as well as for new products that they think are simple , practical and useful .
For instance , Apple iPhones were in high demand in the market during its launch because of it design , simplicity and reliability although the features of the iPhones are generally the same as many other smartphones in the market .
In conclusion , it is possible to avoid all aspects which will hamper with engineering design process for innovations by changing the mindset of the people as well as to find alternative ways to solve the problem of lacking of resources .
We should attempt to make changes to our way of life in order to begin a larger change in our lives ; be more innovative .
Engineering design process plays an important role in innovation and creativity .
Since the resources in the world are limited and decreasing , many countries are making efforts to develop the designing process to use the resources more efficiently and improving the standard of life .
However , in my country there are still some problems that hamper the creativity and design , especially the lack of resource and the behavior of customers .
In this essay , I will discuss about these obstacles and how they affect the design process .
First of all , one of the biggest obstacles that hamper the engineering design process in my country is the lack of resources which includes both factors : the human resources and natural resources .
Human resources , in this case , can be known as the labor force needed for design with skillful abilities and knowledge .
As a result , the lack of human resource affects the design process at the very first stages .
Another factor that also deteriorates the creativity is natural resources , as known as the space , time , materials ... for designing .
For example , in my country , many projects had to be postponed because there are not enough materials to make the products .
When waiting for importing the resources from other countries , these projects were still on the paper .
Secondly , the behaviors of the users also cause many problems when providing the products to the market .
Customers are usually afraid of changing the current product to new ones when they think the old one is satisfactory .
Once they are used to with the current product , it is hard to persuade them to switch to the new one because they have to learn how to use the new device .
This may not be a big matter of the young but with the old people , the problem is much more greater .
For example , my mother just want to use the traditional line-phone than the cell-phone because making a call with the hand-phone is quite complex than just picking the line-phone and dialing .
Consequently , a new product , although has been well and functionally designed , could be easily refused if it was not friendly to them .
In this situation , the behaviors of the customers are the key factors which directly determine the successful of the product in the last stages of the engineering design process-making the product and bring it to the market .
In conclusion , the two factors : lack of resources and behaviors of the customers cause great problems to the engineering design process in my country .
They affects most stages of the design process as they can postpone the process or even though stop it .
Unfortunately , these problems can not be solved in a short-run , it needs much efforts to bring back the knowledge and materials into my country .
Have you ever wonder how many vending machines does the National University of Singapore have ?
Believe it or not , it is reported that there are over 100 vending machines in this university alone .
( National University of Singapore , 2009 ) Vending machine is almost available at everywhere .
We can see them in hospital , parks or even jungles !
It is no doubt that this invention has influenced our modern life in a great extent .
However , this technology has only come to major scene at early 1880s , where back until 10-70Ad , the first vending machine was invented by a Greek engineer named Hero of Alexandria CITATION Eri06 \ l 1033 ( Jaffe , 2006 ) .
Various factors have contributed to allow such invention to be widely adopted in today 's world .
The major reason of the up rise of vending machine is due to the rising wage cost during 1880s .
" CITATION Pam09 \ l 1033 ( Schehl , 2009 ) Labour 's welfare has also been taken notice as first Labour Day in United States was instituted .
Pennsylvania , the once southern state which supported the idea of slavery , abolished its slavery system .
As the overall standard living of the public begins to rise in city in the following years , most people were unwilling to have a job of selling items like chewing gum and newspaper .
Wastage of human resources can be seen and therefore chewing gum company , Thomas Adams Gum , decided to build the first commercial vending machine , selling gums on train platform CITATION Gum08 \ l 1033 ( Gumballs , 2008 ) .
This effectively saves the cost of employing a worker and improves the efficiency in the sales .
Ever since the first vending machine appeared , many companies adopted this idea as the public welcomed such invention .
Convenience it brought has definitely played a big part in its success .
In the consumer 's view , cumbersome long queue can be avoided when we only need to have a can of drink .
Furthermore , the simple manipulation of vending machine and hygienic storage is widely accepted by masses .
On the contrary , the vendor viewed it as favourable because they allowed selling of stocks that have very long shelf life .
Frequent updates can be avoided and the reliability of these vending machines is guaranteed .
Practically , it can be placed at any places , whether it is rural location .
In countries like Japan and Singapore , where there is a lack of space , the need for a condensed merchandiser which allowed space efficiency is furthermore amplified .
As time gradually goes by , the population density of many countries increased .
A device that free out more available spaces is gaining more recognition .
CITATION Nat091 \ l 1033 ( Nate , 2009 ) The need to concentrate all stocks in a small space imparted to the invention of more variety of vending machine .
In conclusion , the rising wage costs , demand of a more convenient way of vending process and lack of space have shaped this technological innovation .
In addition , the advancement of vending machine has never come to a halt as it continues to accommodate more human needs .
In years to come , more improved version of vending machine will be introduce to the society and bring more benefits to human kinds .
Commercial nuclear power industry had witnessed the worst nuclear power plant accident in its history : Chernobyl .
The accident raised the question about the safety of the nuclear power plant and the ways that people can avoid such case .
From an article by Bernhard Wilpert from Technical University of Berlin , Germany we can see that if we apply psychology in design process of the nuclear reactors , the disaster might not happen .
After the accident , people tried to figure out what are the reasons that caused the malfunction of the power plant .
Several theories had been provided , but mostly concentrated on two issues : the mistakes of the reactor crew and the deficiency in the design of the RBMK ) reactor ( high-power channel reactor - reactor bolshoy moshchnosty kanalny ) ( World Nuclear Association,2007 ) .
These two factors- one belongs to human and one belongs to machine-can be eliminated by carefully using psychology in design process .
Since a nuclear reactor is described as a " complex high hazard systems " ( Wilpert,2007 ) , the adequate and clear cognition are very important not only for the individuals but also for the whole workers in the manufacture , where the collaboration between them plays the key role in the work of the plant .
If the Chernobyl reactor crew had had enough information about the dangerous caused by the reactor when working in low power settings , they would have never performed the test to determine how long turbines would spin and supply power following a loss of main electrical power supply .
Unfortunately , such tests were still carried out despite the unstable of the plant under risky circumstances .
If we had applied psychology in the nuclear power plant , the workers had been trained well and they would have had right responds with the accidental problems while running the plant .
However , the operators had broken many important rules of safety just to complete the test quickly : they had diminished the flow of coolant water , disabled the automatic shutdown mechanisms , released the control rods from the machine over the acceptable limit .
These actions resulted in increasing the amount of the energy produced to an uncontrollable level in a very short moment and caused the explosions of the reactor .
Once again , the communications between the human-human and human-machine were not guaranteed .
Without proper knowledge and problem-solving skills from psychology design , they could not know exactly the situation and behaved in a wrong way when problems appeared .
Secondly , the other reason that is also widely supported is the flaws in the design of the RBMK reactor , especially the control rods .
However , the engineer who had created the rods had not expected the chemical structure inside the rod actually increase the reactions between radiation atoms at the first moment when being put into the reactor .
Thus , the point is that the designer had just made the rods for working in stable conditions , not for such tests like this .
If the designer had applied psychological in their design process , they would have thought carefully and predicted the unexpected problems which might happen with the rods when using them .
In contrast , they neglected the standard criteria just to make them simpler , cheaper but , unfortunately , more dangerous .
In addition , when the disaster happened , another serious mistakes when building the nuclear power plant reflected the weak cognition in the importance of psychology design is that the wall around the reactor is not tough .
As a result , the wall was broken out and radioactivity was released freely into the atmosphere , which is extremely dangerous for human and wildlife in a large area around the plant .
An absolute evident that proves the necessary of psychological design is the similar accident with the Three Miles Island nuclear reactor in the US .
In this case , the wall of the reactor which had been built with Europe 's high standards of safety had prevented the radiation from spreading into the air and no one had to die because of it ( Michael Grunwald , 2009 ) .
These examples show that even the machine errors can be eliminated by carefully design and applying psychology in the design process to predict all the cases that may happen in the future .
Since the horrible accident of Chernobyl , such old technologies used to build the Chernobyl reactor have never been used again .
In addition , people have been doing research to improve the efficiency , the feasibility and the most important : the safety of the power plants as such disaster will never happen again .
It is said that " Psychological methods , theories , and findings are becoming increasingly important to design " ( Etienne S. Benson , 2006 ) .
With the more and more collaboration between psychology and design , the engineers have been using their results for the design process to make more reliable and stable products .
Therefore , we can minimize the damages caused by accidents or even avoid them and increase the efficiency of works .
According to the news report by Rita Zahara ( 2005 ) , " Singapore is only rank 15 in the world for its innovative capabilities .
" Despite having high GDP and a pool of savvy engineers , there are still quite a number of problems in Singapore that are hampering its engineering design for processes for innovation .
There are many social and economical factors in Singapore that are hampering the country 's engineering design processes for innovation .
Comparing to other countries , although Singapore do not have much technological constraints , there are still a lot of factors hampering inventions and innovations in Singapore .
Two main problems are Singapore 's small economic market and its population holding a resistance to change attitude .
Due to the small geographical size of Singapore , its population is only less then six million people .
Most inventions , be it new or improved from previous inventions , takes a vast amount of time and money before it might become an innovation .
Most engineers or designers are reluctant to even try inventing or making innovative products as they know that their inventions will most likely not make much profit , or even worse , a loss .
Secondly , Singaporeans ' refusal to take risk and their contentment with their current lifestyles are also causes for the hampering of engineering design processes for innovation in Singapore .
The mindset of resistances to change in Singaporeans greatly prevents good innovative ideas and the acceptance of such ideas .
They do not want any changes to what they already had .
Therefore , this will cause them not to expect for anything more or better and thus , not thinking of new ideas on how to improve what they already had .
Furthermore , Singaporeans have strong refusal to tolerate risk .
Most Singaporeans do not dare to try new ideas as they fear of failing , in which most probably results in time and money loss .
Singapore 's small economic market and its population holding a resistance to change attitude will have some bearing on the engineering design processes for innovation .
According to the book by Ullman , David G. ( 2009 ) , there are ten building stages in the engineering design processes .
It will be very hard for Singapore to discover what it still needs when its people are content with what they already had .
A small economic market is preventing engineers and designers from defining problems and conducting research as they fear it will most likely be non-profitable or at a loss .
In conclusion , the two main factors contributing to the hampering of engineering design processes for innovations in Singapore are caused by Singapore 's small economic market and its population holding a resistant to change .
The process of inventing and innovations are crucial to all of us .
It was viewed as the most important need among others .
Therefore , I think human health need or medical needs are the one which I should give priority on .
Engineers are very important role on designing new medical product to suit these human needs .
There are many different medical research is where engineers could lay their hand on and design products according the requirement .
The most recently leading research on medical area is medical imaging , tissue engineering , pharmaceutical engineering , stem cell engineering and genetic engineering .
It helps the doctor to diagnose diseases or illness of a patient at an earlier stage .
Throughout the years , various types of medical imaging technologies were invented .
There are two main type of classification on medical imaging , invasive and non-invasive .
Invasive imaging method require radioactive means to produce medical scanning which would have a possibility on causing harm to the patient body but could be used on majority human body parts .
Engineering design process could be used on the invention of a new imaging technology .
This new imaging technology must have both the advantages of the non-invasive and invasive imaging .
Furthermore it had to tackle the operation cost problem and the type of human body parts where the imaging device could penetrate to .
Another major concern in the engineering design process of the new imaging technology would be providing higher resolution 3D/2D clinical image .
This will help the doctors to analysis a potential ill patient with improved detailed image .
Since modern computers continually increase on processing speed and volume of memory , it will provide a huge support on designing better resolution image devices .
The only portion which engineers would need to figure out is how to lower the operation cost of such imaging device .
In my opinion , materials of the films and the simplicity of the devices would be important
With the presence of the new resolved imaging technology , more humans were being able to make use of such technology since it will be cost- reduced .
Better clinical image will also be provided to the doctors , as a result doctor will be able to have a clearer diagnose of the diseases/illness on the patient .
Eventually , the average lifespan of a human will be prolonged with such benefits since early detection of illness prone to be easier for treatment and cure .
Lastly , Engineering should view medical imaging area as their priority since it could resolve a lot of medical problem exist in the modern world .
Good health is still the most crucial area where everyone would wish to achieve after all .
In order to successfully hold the 29th Olympic Games , the Beijing municipal government had done all they can to optimize the transportation system in Beijing .
However , take one of the most developed cities as example , it was reported that the time every resident in Beijing spent on transportation per day reached five hours and five minutes in 2008 .
Obviously , nowadays there is nearly no more space for transportation system to improve but people still have to pay more than one fifth of their lives for it .
However , the problem is basically that people only make changes according to the traditional system , while in most cases a better system has to be built with the old one totally destroyed .
Started from human needs , a new idea obtained by comparison can make transferring happen possibly in few seconds .
The following ideas are what I speculate on transferring in the future : The first step is to store the information of the people , more generally , is to break up human body into atom-size particles and make a rearrangement of particles .
The second is to translate the information to alternating current with energy stored and released then load the current on the electromagnetic wave .
The third step is to transfer the electrical messages via electromagnetic wave to the destination .
How do I design this new idea ?
When facing the problem , as an Engineering student , he or she should go back to the root of the problem .
In most cases , people complain about the time .
Therefore the problem solver come to find out which vehicle can save the time most .
Fortunately , if the frequency is nicely set within a certain range , the wave can hardly be blocked , whose property is much better than the light .
Since electromagnetic wave has ever been used as the vehicle of many kinds of information , it is possible for it to help send human body information as well .
As long as the real body can be translated to certain kind of information , human needs will be met perfectly .
Honestly , it is impossible to find a person who is willing to risk his whole life rather than waste five hours on streets every day .
Therefore it will be possible to decompose and recompose organs or tissues sooner or later .
In conclusion , engineering design should base on human needs , which was recently called " Human Oriented Design " or " humanization " .
Moreover , creativity stems from overall analysis on what we have now , what we need to have in future and most importantly what the differences between them are .
Actually , all the above are just writer 's personal point of view .
Though most of them sound like fiction story , the dream is still achievable .
In fact , the idea of travelling by light is close to the imagination of transporting in time which most scientists are doing research on now .
That is why we should have confidence in our technology and ourselves because impossible is nothing .
Ever wondered how many cars are there in the whole world ?
According to the article , " World 's Most Congested Cities " ( Robert Malone , 2006 ) , there are about 750 million vehicles ( and counting ) in the world , and at least 50 million cars are being manufactured in the world each year .
And out of the 750 million vehicles , 240 million come from The United States of America ( USA ) , and 850 thousand come from Singapore ( US Commercial Service , 2008 ) .
From the above figures , the ratios of human beings to vehicles are approximately 5.4 , 1.3 and 8.8 respectively .
And all these figures are crucial in pointing out that vehicles , gasoline-powered vehicles to be more specific , are important and have blended into our lives .
Although this technology is important , many do not know its history and the development of the gasoline-powered vehicle was actually heavily influenced by political , economical and social factors .
Firstly , there were the economical factors , and these factors can be seen as " natural " and " man-made " .
The " natural " factor that caused a spike in the number of gasoline-powered vehicles was the declining cost of oil at that point of time which made gasoline-powered vehicles a stronger competitor to the electric-powered vehicles , which were the more commonly- used vehicle .
In addition to the above-mentioned " natural " factor , there were several " man-made " economical factors .
One of the key economical factor that Henry Ford induced was that he collaborated with banks and introduced car insurances and loans ( only if people purchased Ford 's vehicles ) , which actually amplified the effects of the declining cost of oil .
And as a result , the gasoline-powered vehicles became even more economically competitive and appealing .
Furthermore , it also became more affordable in a sense that the insurances covered certain repair costs incurred by mishaps ; and loans allowed people to pay up slowly because there was no " pay by instalments " scheme back then .
Consequently , by the laws of supply and demand , Ford increased the supply of gasoline-powered vehicles due to an increase in the demand for gasoline-powered vehicles increased .
During World War I , the military realised that gasoline- powered vehicles were more convenient to use as compared to the electric- powered vehicle because it was difficult to charge the battery of the electric-powered vehicle right in the midst of a battle where there was no electrical source .
This convenience was the fact that gasoline was portable and could be brought around on vehicles which allowed vehicles to be re- fueled at any time and place and that it could be done very quickly .
Apart from the influence by the military , the government had a part to play as well , because the government implemented biased policies that involved building more gas stations and roads to cater to the gasoline-powered vehicles .
As a result , the electric-powered vehicle continued to lose its support , and gasoline- powered vehicles took another point home .
And the presence of this social factors actually determined the fate of the electric-powered vehicles .
However , these social factors , which were partly caused by the overpowering economical and political factors , " pushed " people to choose the gasoline- powered vehicles .
The people were made to believe that the gasoline-powered vehicle was the " byproduct of market competition and engineering advancement , not a product of compromise and negotiation " ( Dr. Sovacool , 28 August 09 ) , which , in actual fact , was not .
Due to meritocracy and freedom , people " chose " the gasoline-powered vehicles eventually , and brought electric-powered vehicles to eternal rest .
The above factors gave gasoline-powered vehicles its place , even though electric-powered vehicles were better in terms of the technical aspects .
For instance , electric-powered vehicles were cleaner because it did not produce any harmful byproducts from combustion , were quieter , more luxurious and safer because it did not deal with any forms of combustion or heat .
Even though electric-powered vehicles were relatively more superior in the technicalities , due to the factors mentioned above , the technicalities were marginal and people were not affected by the potential problems they might face if they choose the gasoline-powered vehicles .
Just imagine if vehicles were not as important , and we do not depend on them to such a large extent World War I would not have such a drastic effect on the extinction of the electric-powered vehicle and banks might not have approved the implementation of the insurances and loans .
" Engineering is a creative process of turning abstract ideas into physical representations " , says Khandani .
This means , engineers need creativity to make new beneficial things , and this is exactly what engineers in Indonesia lack , along with sense of innovation .
The two main causes are Indonesia 's education system which limits the student 's creativity and the lack of structured government programmes regarding research and technology .
The first problem , the education system does not allow students to express themselves freely , causing students to be less curious and therefore not creative .
Some even too conservative that everything must be done exactly like what he or she has done .
On top of that , the questions given in school are usually too straight forward as the questions themselves do not test the deeper understanding of the concepts by the students .
For example , the questions in the national examination are all multiple choices .
Therefore , to be able to pass the exam , students do not need to really understand as they just need to memorize and use the correct formula or even try their luck .
This kind of rote learning makes defining problems , which is the very first step of engineering design process , hard for Indonesian students .
Furthermore , this forms a habit among the students that they also apply in real life which makes them ignorant on how things work and concern only about how to use those things .
Instead of discovering and solving problems around them , they tend to avoid them and wait for someone to solve it .
With this kind of attitude it is quite impossible for someone to innovate .
To make matter worse , even when someone survived that kind of education and has bright ideas , the government will not give them the opportunities to innovate , such as providing enough budgets for Research and Development ( R&D ) in Science and Technology , or easiness of taking loans for new businesses in these areas .
This is because most developing countries ' governments , like Indonesia 's , still do not yet realize that a good innovative culture in the country can actually solve other problems like poverty and basic education opportunity .
The minuscule R&D expenditure of less than 0.2 % , in 2001 , of the GDP clearly shows this lack of priority ( Krishna , n.d. ) , especially when compared to Singapore 's 2.19 % , in 2002 , expenditure ( Agency for Science , Technology and Research , 2003 ) .
Therefore as they do not have structured programmes regarding research and technology , there are only few job opportunities in this science and technology sector , further discouraging engineers to innovate .
Instead , they prefer to have secure jobs in other more profitable sectors such as finance and banking .
This leads to no improvement in engineering in Indonesia .
Despite the poor education system , there are still a lot of innovative and creative people in Indonesia who wants to become real engineers .
This make Indonesia loses many of its best people .
" Build a better mousetrap , and the world will beat a path to your door " , said by Ralph Waldo Emerson .
Eleven years ago , Singapore welcomes its first Newater plant , which is a turning point in Singapore 's technology development history .
Newater represents the technology that purifies the used water to make it clean and drinkable again ( The Write Staff ) .
During the last decade , the number of Newater plants increases to four .
Meanwhile , a new one is under construction .
What is more , in the near future , 30 % of the demand of water will come from Newater .
During Newater 's history , government , resources and the development of other technology show a significant influence on the development of Newater .
First of all , government plays a determining effect on the development of Newater .
Concerning about the situation of water supply in Singapore , the government officials decide to focus on the Newater technology to meet the water demand in Singapore especially for the industry and commercial use ( The Write staff ) .
The successful development of Newater is due to enough funds that government has invested .
With the support of Singapore government , the technology of Newater has blossomed and the fifth Newater plant has been successfully set up in the Chanqi area this year .
Besides the support of Singapore government , a lack of water supply pushes the development of Newater .
What is more , about 40 percent of the population around the world and more than 80 counties are dealing with the problem of lacking of water ( transl ) .
In consideration of Singapore , shortage of water results from several reasons such as geographic position , climate and increasing population .
These reasons contribute to the development of Newater .
With the pressure of water shortage , having its own water supply system becomes more and more necessary .
That is how the resource shortage leads to the development of Newater .
Government and resource are not the only factors that affect the development of Newater ; the development of other technology also plays an important role in accelerating the development of Newater .
In 1970s , Singapore already paid attention to the technology of its own water supply system ; however , the cost was enormous and technology is immature such as the unreliable membrane is not reliable ( The Write Staff ) .
Nowadays , the development of material science makes the technology of microfiltration succeed .
Meanwhile , there are some other breakthroughs in the technology helping the development of Newater .
The development of Newater is a good example to demonstrate it .
Government invests funds to support the research on Newater .
In addition , resource crisis , especially the shortage of water , pushes the development of Newater .
Meanwhile , the development of other technologies makes Newater possible .
All of these factors have a positive effect on development of Newater and make it succeed .
With time passing by , more and more new technology have been discovered or created , these technologies can be classified in two main patterns , one is the technologies which are developed by research , another type is the technologies which are resulted from serendipitous discoveries .
This article will discuss the similarities and differences between these two patterns of technologies .
" ( Bellis , 2009 ) Penicillin was found by Alexander Fleming while he " observed that colonies of the bacterium Staphylococcus aureus could be destroyed by the mold Penicillium notatum .
" ( Bellis , 2009 ) After Fleming observed that , he paid high attention to Penicillin , he discovered that Penicillin could kill many kinds of bacteria .
This important finding , however , had not been paid a lot attention until the 1940s when " when Howard Florey and Ernst Chain isolated the active ingredient and developed a powdery form of the medicine .
" ( Bellis , 2009 ) Penicillin is " the first drugs that were effective against many previously serious diseases " ( Wikipedia , 2009 ) Although many of the bacteria have the resistance of Penicillin now , it is still in widely used .
Futuremore , the telephone was invented by Alexander Graham Bell in 1876 and " by 1884 , long distance connections were made between Boston , Massachusetts and New York City .
" ( Inventor , 2009 ) Bell was very interested in helping deaf people which leaded him to invent the telephone .
Also , " the telephone came as a direct result of his attempts to improve the telegraph .
" ( Bellis , 2009 ) The invention of telephone is not a coincidence , but a lone-term research result .
In nowadays , telephone plays a very important role in our life , we can hardly live with them .
From the previous paragraphs of introduction of Penicillin and the telephone , we can easily find some similarities and differences .
First of all , both of these two technologies have benefit people and improved our life a lot , both of them help us in some aspects , Penicillin can help us to deal with some diseases which were hard to cure , the telephone can help us to communicate with others easier and make the world much smaller .
Secondly , both of the technologies become mature after a long time of hard working studying .
Both Penicillin and the telephone have not been used for years after they were invented ; many people put a lot of efforts to make them more mature and more useful .
The only difference between them two is that the Penicillin was found in accident while the telephone was invented by clear aim .
To conclusion , both Penicillin and telephone help people a lot and both of them are the product of hard working and long-term consummation .
The difference between them is whether the inventor has the clear purpose or not , which Bell had and Fleming had not .
Human needs are always unsatisfied .
At the same time health problems also created great needs for advanced medical technologies and facilities .
As years go by , industrialization emerged in many countries to meet various people 's needs , like job opportunities and economic growth .
However , the big success of industrialization has created a problem for our modern peoplehow to save our fast degrading environment ?
Thus , designing technologies in environmental friendly manner is one of the greatest human needs to protect our living environment and to ensure a sustainable economic development .
After the problem has been defined , which is the first step of engineering design ; engineers need to gather pertinent information about the problem .
For example , engineering who focusing on design environmental friendly transportation tools , must have the basic knowledge about the products of different types of fuel combustion and how they affect the environment .
They should also be updated about any latest methods to generate energy in environmental friendly ways , such as solar energy , tidal energy or wind energy , and their respective advantages and drawbacks .
Engineers will move on to next step once they are equipped with necessary knowledge .
The second step of the design process is generating different solutions to the problems .
For example , engineers basically come up with two main ways to make machineries and transportation tools less polluted .
First way is changing the way energy is generated , such as changing petrol engines which produce carbon dioxide and hydrocarbons to fuel cell which only produce water and oxygen .
This solution can be further divided by considering different types of method to generate energy in less polluting ways .
The other solution is dealing with the polluting products generated along the way .
For example , catalyst convertors are installed on cars to convert toxic gas carbon monoxide and hydrocarbons produced from non-fully combustion to non-toxic gas carbon dioxide and water .
Although different ways of solutions have been found out , not all are practical , so engineers also need to analyze and select a suitable solution .
For example , both of the two solutions we discussed before are theoretically correct , but today we only see convertor has been installed .
It is because changing the ways generating energy is very costly and the safety is unpredictable .
For example , fuel cells are very expensive , thus the cost of production will be so high that they will be unmarketable .
Another example , Hydro-powered cars , which actually have been produced but not used widely due to hydrogen is flammable , there are still big concerns of consumers ' safety .
In this step , engineers will also look at other factors like economic , social factor to filter the solutions .
When we look around , we can see the efforts put in by engineers , the power saved light bulb , solar water heater , car catalytic converters and etc .
These products are produced only after long and complicated designing process .
We should really be grateful to engineers who work dedicative to satisfy our needs .
Roger ( 2003 ) explained the difference between technological determinism and social determinism or the social construction of technology .
Otherwise , technology is a product of society and obviously is influenced by norms and values of the social system .
On the other hand , technological determinism is the belief that technology causes changes in society and this implies technology is somehow autonomous .
Roger did not agree with the latter belief .
Let us take a look at one example of a great human work in the late centuries : nuclear .
We are going to view the definition and some factors that make nuclear become a nuclear .
First of all , let us see the definition first .
According to Wikipedia , " A nuclear weapon is an explosive device that derives its destructive force from nuclear reactions , either fission or a combination of fission and fusion .
" Let us recall the Nagasaki and Hiroshima tragedies , both cities were destroyed completely because of this thing .
From that time , nuclear production was getting more popular all the time .
In " 50 Facts About U.S. Nuclear Weapon " , it is stated that the cost of the Manhattan Project ( through August 1945 ) is 20,000,000,000 USD .
Although it costs great amount of money , but those nuclear countries are still improving their nuclear capabilities .
We must be wondering why people want to spend so much money on such things .
Usually when you are creating nuclear power , the main purpose is to make other countries respect and fear you .
This is very useful in military aspect .
My former history teacher one day said that " To create peace , we need big power .
" This means that if I have enough power to knock you , your friends and your family down , then it is very logical that you want to have a peace with me because you know that I am capable of doing awful things to you .
That is why people ( in this case , countries ) want to be strong so that they are trying to develop something .
As technology is getting better and better , the way people fight with each other is also improved from time to time .
A long time ago people fought using woods , rocks , bones , etc. And then they knew about metals , so they used spears , sword , arrows , etc in their wars .
The next phase is the gunpowder stage .
Finally , we arrive at this nuclear stage .
Everything seems so cool right now , so does the war .
As in , we just need to type some commands on our computer and click a button to launch a rocket .
I have noticed that people are actually trying to be more efficient ( from going to the field and using rocks as weapon until using buttons on the computer only ) and this is the second reason why people keep spending money to improve nuclear .
To conclude , I just want to emphasize that technology depends on social factors .
It is just like a knife ; you can use it for good ( peel fruits ) or for bad ( kill someone ) .
This nuclear case is just one of the examples .
The military aspect has contributed a lot to technology improvements .
And there are still a lot of aspects that contribute to technology as well .
Before the 1950s , most of electricity was created by burning fossil fuel , and no one was aware of other energy .
After the second world war , the whole world was busy recovering economics and industry .
So the need of fossil energy became more and more serious .
At this moment , a few countries found that only relying on fossil energy is not enough and there should be another efficient energy to be created .
After a few years in U.S. , the world 's first nuclear power plant was set up .
Although some scientists and officers in a few countries felt sometime in the future fossil energy can be used up , the governments did not give enough attention to creating another efficient energy because there was still enough fossil energy in store for the near use .
Till decades after , people found that fossil energy is nonrenewable and fast depleting is only a less serious problem , the more serious is that the world 's average degree is increasing since the final product of burning fossil fuel is carbon dioxide which is the main source of aggravating the greenhouse effect .
The use of fossil fuel brings up much pollution and even ruins lungs of many kinds of creatures , including human beings .
From and eco-logical stand point , the world should decrease the use of fossil fuel and try to find other ways of creating energy .
Then , to invest nuclear energy becomes quite important and emergency .
And the development of nuclear energy receives vigor .
However , when fossil fuel prices fall can any country resist the temptation ?
During 1970s and 1980s , influenced by excessive industry development , the world 's economic cost reached to a high point but at that time , fossil fuel prices were decreasing .
This mad those nuclear power plant which were under construction less attractive .
Almost as the same reason in 1973 , France and Japan suffered oil crisis .
Their governments could not pay for such high oil debts and these two countries decided to depend on nuclear technology .
In other words , France and Japan were forced to invest nuclear technology .
What is surprising that today 80 % of the electricity in France is supplied by nuclear energy .
In Japan the percentage is also as high as 30 % ( Sharon Beder , 2006 ) .
But not all the countries can afford the cost to build up a nuclear power plant .
Take the U.S as an example .
The U.S. is the country having most nuclear power plants , and is well known by their technology in this area .
However in the U.S. , to build up an ordinary nuclear power plant will cost as much as $ 6 ~ 10 billion .
But it is sure that in the future , nuclear energy will give a strong support to the whole world industry economics .
When all the countries are aware this point , it is only a matter of time to make nuclear energy all over the world .
Except the factor of countries ' industry development , to have nuclear weapons is also a stimulus .
No wonder , the destructive force of nuclear weapon is terrible .
The original goal of developing nuclear technology is to invent weapons .
It is a truth that if a country has nuclear weapons or technology , it can produce a nuclear deterrent , which helps a country gain a higher position in a negotiation .
But this is prohibited by UN laws .
As nuclear technology becomes so important , it is necessary to have an international organization to supervise the process of every country 's development .
Then the WANO ( world association nuclear operator ) was set up .
With the WANO 's beginning to discharge its duties , the world 's nuclear development goes on the right way .
In 2007 , 14 % of the world 's electricity came from nuclear power and , it can be seen after a few years the nuclear energy will benefit the whole world .
As many big cities in the world are facing the water crisis , as acid rains becomes increasingly frequent , as the number of lung cancer patients keeps going up , environment protection has become one of the most vital need of human .
To satisfy human 's need and make contribution to protecting environment , engineers are to design and invent products in an environmental friendly way .
Through engineering design process , we can see how engineer satisfy that need .
According to Khandani.S ( 2005 ) , there are five steps in solving designing problems .
To design and produce something more environment friendly , engineers should pay more attention on environment-related information when searching for pertinent information .
For example , suppose an engineer is looking for a material for meal boxes of taken-away food .
Apart from information about cost , weight , water resistant ability , etc , he needs to pay extra attention on some environmental information like whether the material can be biodegraded or recycled .
Taking this environment-related information into consideration helps make more environment friendly decision .
The other step is to analyze and select a solution .
Usually , engineers will come up with more than one plan along the way they design a product .
They need to analyze and evaluate them and give a final plan .
In the Engineering Design Process , Khandani.S ( 2005 ) shows us how an engineer evaluates different plans .
Firstly , they need to analyse criteria or factors to evaluate design plans .
They need to perform several types of analysis on each design .
These types of analysis are the factors on evaluating plans .
Next they value each factor by its importance , and give a mark representing how important it is .
After that , they evaluate each factor against the corresponding criterion .
Based on how well that plan fit the criterion , they give a mark .
Last , calculate points and compare .
Let the mark of each factor multiplies the number representing the importance of this factor and add up all the total mark .
By comparing the total mark of different plans , they decide the final plan .
If he can increase the importance of the factors related to environment protection , he may use substitute of phosphorus , or cleanse the waste water before discharge it .
Then the process and product would be more environmental friendly .
If engineers can think more about environment when designing , the product will become very environment-friendly .
Government Regulations and Public Opinions in the Development of Electric Bicycle in China
One typical image remembered by the world about China is about its astounding amount of bicycles on the roads : swarms of people riding bicycles filling the roads which are not really narrow .
While since the year of 2000 , another phenomenon occurs on the roads of cities in China : electric bicycles .
A cording to data on reliable Chinese websites , in 2004 alone , 6750000 electric bicycles were produced by more than 1000 factories all over China and these numbers were expected to increase by times by the end of 2010 .
( { http : //www.ind.com.cn/htm/2009-07/28/content_786827.htm.accessed September 4,2009 } [ HYPERLINK : http : //www.ind.com.cn/htm/2009-07/28/content_786827.htm.accessed % 20September % 204,2009 ] ) With the maturing of the technologies on electric motors and long-life battery , multiple types of electric vehicle could have been created .
Previous existing government regulations and public opinions on road safety act important roles in shaping electric bicycle in China into what it is today .
The previously existing government regulations have a tremendous effect on the development of electric bicycles when it comes to the size and speed of electric bicycles .
Before the e-bike ( electric bicycle ) which is light ( lighter than 20kg ) and slower ( maximum speed is less than 20km/h ) we see now , there are also a number of other kinds of electric vehicle in developing .
They are more like electric motorbike which is much more powerful and , of course , heavier .
But because of the government regulations on city transportation under which all means of transportation on road are grouped to either motor or non-motor and nothing in between , the prototype of the heavy electric bicycles was nipped in the bud as it can be counted to either of the two criteria because of its variety of performance .
The later electric bicycle was then designed to be more like a normal bicycle and was only allowed to ride on non-motor roads , light but moving automatically .
People can even ride it just like riding a bike when it runs out of power .
Apart from government regulations , public opinions also have prominent effect on the development of e-bike .
Data on road traffic accidents were counted .
In Hangzhou , the capital city of Zhejiang province , the cases of accidents caused by e-bike has been increasing for three years .
( http : //www.hangzhou.gov.cn/main/xxbs/T152837.shtml accessed September 4 , 2009 ) Though the number was relatively small compared with those caused by cars and motorbikes , people were becoming more and more concerned with the safety issues with e-bike and a series of public hearings were then carried out to discuss how to make e-bike a safe vehicle on the roads .
Finally , the speed limit was set at 20km/h which is quite at the lower end of what the technology allows to do .
Then all the e-bike industries begun to improve other performance of e-bike like battery life and noise rather than speed and loading ability .
In order to meet the requirement of government regulations and public opinions , the development of e-bike has gone through several changes ; therefore it was shaped to the e-bike we see now .
Hopefully , the next typical image left by China to the world will be e-bike .
In 1936 , the first public video telephone had been developed .
At that time , people had to simultaneously go to special post office video telephone booths to use this service .
Until 1980s , with the development of chip , transmission technology , digital communication , video codec technology and integrated circuit technology , videophone became truly usable .
Then many predicted that videophone would be very popular someday and it would be loved by the public .
However , in recent decades , there was almost no market for the videophone and videophone has not emerged in our lives .
One of the reasons why videophone could not become popular is that there were technical problems .
But apart from the technical factor , the development of videophone mainly limited by some social and economic factors .
Videophone was very expensive in early times .
Even in today when the technology is so advanced , the price is still quite high .
One videophone roughly ranges in price of S $ 200 to S $ 1000 .
In addition , the videophone costs much more than the normal phone especially when user takes a long distance call .
Second reason is due to the privacy issues .
When they are talking , they want to be relaxed and feel free .
Videophone users also commonly look at the video screen and not at the video camera , causing the eyes to take on an unnatural awkward glance , as the camera is usually just positioned away from the screen ( " Videophone , " 2009 ) .
For a long time , although there were some companies producing videophones , different kinds of videophone from different companies could not communicate with each other because they did not share a standard .
texting and instant messaging , which are commonly available on all video-enabled cell phones and web chat programs ) ( " Videophone , " 2009 ) .
Nowadays , with the fast development of the internet , more and more people accept to video chat through some internet chatting software .
The necessity of using videophone is becoming lower and lower .
It sounds like a tragedy that this great innovative device has not been used or even seen by most people since it was invented in 19th century .
What experience we should gain is that social and economic issues can indeed shape the development of a new product .
Hence , considering social and economic aspects before the implement of an innovation is important .
Normally skunk works generate innovations more quickly than the conventional R&D organizations , for workers in skunk works work " on a crash basis to create an innovation " ( Rogers , 2003 , p.144 ) .
On the other hand , conventional generated technology probably takes a longer time ; for example , another revolutionary invention , light bulb , was first generated in the 1800s .
Workers in the skunk works have stronger motives than those in the conventional organization .
The result is that researchers in the skunk works generate innovation faster .
Besides the differences of time and cost , nevertheless , when coming to the commercialization stage , products transferred from technology in skunk works are sometimes not so mature as those transferred from conventional R&D organization due to the time limitation .
On the contrary , Conventional R&D organizations have more time to make their innovation more customer-friendly and more mature in technology .
However , it has higher requirements for the personnel and capital , which are difficult for some companies that are in shortage of capital .
Prior to the Industrial Revolution in the 19th century , the needs of people are just basic-food , clothing , air and last but not least , shelter .
Well , in order to have a better transportation , design processes are needed to fulfill the need .
Transportation which is cheap and safe , environmentally friendly and uses alternative source of energy has the utmost importance in the need of transportation .
One of the imminent problems faced by the modern transportation is to depend less on fossil fuels .
At the rate of usage of fossil fuels -at three billion barrels per year-now , it will not take long before the fuels deplete .
According to a presentation made by Osman Chughtai and David Shannon , fossil fuels will mostly run out in 17 years minimum or a maximum of 50 to 70 years .
Nevertheless , other transportation problems like producing too much pollutant such as nitrogen oxides .
Pollutants produced have been proved to have an enormous effect on the Earth ozone layer , corroding the ozone layers and exposing humans to the deadly ultraviolet ray .
To add to the problems stated above , the world currently needs a better transport , in terms of safety and functionalities as well as its cost .
First of all , engineering processes provides the foundation for researches to get a new state-of-the-art design .
Recently there was this groundbreaking news stating that engineers found a technology called H2CAR process , a process for producing fuels from plants or what they call the process-biomass .
Besides researches , development processes enable engineers to produce designs that will be tested on real ground .
In this case , transportations like cars must be able to withstand extreme weathers and must be aerodynamically shaped for maneuverability .
In a nutshell , design processes are the main essence for a better future transportation , in terms of fuel type , environmentally friendly , functionalities as well as its cost .
This need must be taken seriously in order to secure a brighter future- a future people do not need to travel on bicycle or on foot .
" Chinese mobile phone users total 703 million " ( HYPERLINK " http : //thegovmonitor.com/world_news/asia/chinese-mobile-phone-users-total-703-million-3376.html " http : //thegovmonitor.com/world_news/asia/chinese-mobile-phone-users-total-703-million-3376.html ) this is reported at 4th September 2009 .
But seven out of ten of the mobile phones users holding are not Chinese brands .
How can Chinese enterprises compete against foreign mobile phones ?
History witnesses that mobile phone markets are always broadened by new features of the phone .
Motorola 8900 which was available in market in the year 1995 was firstly featured with a cover so that miss-press of button was avoided .
At the same year the first self-chosen ring tongue was heard from Ericsson GH398 .
The first folding phone was Motorola 328C born January 1999.Nokia 7110 is the first mobile phone with a wap browser which was released in October 1999 .
Hagenuk CH9771 was the first mobile phone put its antenna inside the phone .
As mobile phone is built up by so many parts , there are various ways of innovation .
Appearance means much because people treat mobile phones not only as communication tools but also as kind beloved toys .
I phone conquer the whole world but failed to enter Japan 's market because of two reasons : First , Japanese like to own a unique style of phone but iphone has only one style which would cause embarrassment when Japanese meet the other iphone user .
But iphone doesnot have them .
As for the appearance there are four major designs : straight , flip , slide and rotation .
Such as a straight phone with 3-row,4-collum keyboard .
To protect the fragile touch screen , the keyboard can act as the cover and leave only a little part of the screen out side when not used .
There are plenty of functions now but the new the better .
A phone can act as a telescope in Birdnest during Beijing 2008 Olympic Games by using the camera and its zoom function .
It can also design a diet for its owner for here to lose weight .
Innovative mobile design is important also because designers can harvest both copy right and market .
A new design is protected by its copy right so that for the producer meet slight competition entering the market .
To conclude , China mobile industry need to work on innovation of phones ' appearance and function .
Problems significantly hampering engineering design processes for innovations Along with the development of the living standard , people 's demands for goods increase .
At the same time , people pay more attention on the quality of the goods .
In order to meet the demand of modern society , we need higher efficiency and more advanced technology .
Thus , the innovations of engineering processes are more and more important .
But in real life there are many problems hamper engineering design processes for innovations .
And the two of most significantly are the state of information communication not smooth and the corruption .
In the practical production , only the workers directly use the production equipments .
The senior management and the boss , who have the right to change and introduce new equipments and technologies seldom care about the real condition of production .
And because of the state of information communication is not smoothly , workers can not transmit the problems that they found in production to the people who have the power to make decisions .
In this case , after a long time the workers do not have enthusiasm to think about how to solve the problems .
At the same time it loses the opportunity to save costs and increase production efficiency .
And the corruption often causes more serious problems than other problems .
It is a so serious problem that exist almost every area .
For the leaders in the companies and factories , if they were corrupt , they will only care about their own benefits and ignore many others .
There are many cases that the leaders corrupt lead the whole companies or factories to go bankrupt .
And there are also some cases even more fearful .
Some of set up a company just want to cheat , all the actions that the companies make are all want to cheating for money from consumers or other companies .
For the staffs , if they were corrupt , they would not focus on their jobs any more .
Furthermore , they will envy others who have a higher position or make more money or make greater contributions .
In such case , they may do a lot of bad things , maybe to frame others , in order to make more benefits for themselves .
For workers , they will only care about how to please their leaders to get more benefits and not care about the production .
What the worse influence is the corrupt people will affect the general mood of a company or a factory .
To conclude , there are many problems existing hampering engineering design processes for innovations .
In this era of globalization , engineering design has been emphasized by the governments of the countries all over the world , such as United State , Russia and France .
This is because the development of engineering design could bring many advantages to country 's economy and also in social aspect .
Actually , the scientists may perceive a future problem and launch some researches to overcome it .
If we observe our surrounding , we could see many inventions of technological creativity such as computer , automobile and other electrical appliances .
Nevertheless , there are some problems which significantly hamper engineering design processes for innovations in my home country , Malaysia and cause the impacts on certain stages of the process of engineering design .
As we all know , if we want to improve our engineering design , we need to launch many researches .
Subsequently , a lump sum of money need to be used to launch all these researches , but our government is not able to invest so much money on all these researches .
So , the financial problem arises and constrains the engineering design processes for innovations .
For your information , Malaysia is a country which is still developing and not as wealthy as other western developed countries such as United State , France and Germany .
Hence , we lack of money to improve our facilities of research such as well-equipped laboratories and other highly technological instruments .
In fact , this will causes the engineering design process to pause in the half way because of the lack of the highly technological instruments .
For instance , if we want to design a race car , we need some highly technology instruments to do researches on the car engine and other parts of car .
Although we have already found the important information about the research , we can not continue to an analysis of design solution because of the lack of highly technology instruments to investigate .
Many of the researches of engineering design which were carried out in the modern countries had been done successfully .
In fact , the lack of professionals in engineering field results the failure of many researches .
For instance , some of the automobile researches have been failed due to the lack of the professionals .
The stage of analysis of design solution has been constrained because of the limited knowledge and lack of professionals .
Hence , some forums of the engineering design should be held between our country and other modern countries such as United State , United Kingdom and Germany .
In a nutshell , financial problem and lack of professionals in my home country should be solved as soon as possible , so as to improve our engineering design processes innovations .
Hence , private sector , the government and also citizens should work hand in hand in order to get more investment for engineering design researches and produce more professionals in the field of engineering design in the future .
Indonesia , a country hosting more than two hundred and thirty million citizens , is South East Asia 's largest country and economy to date .
Yet Indonesia still trails behind its neighboring countries such as Malaysia , Thailand , and even The Little Red Dot : Singapore , in terms of advancement in design based technology .
It is commonly believed that the slow rate of technological growth in Indonesia is caused by two major problems , which may hamper the innovative engineering design process .
Firstly , Indonesia lacks culture of innovation .
According to the statistics published by UNICEF in 2007 , only fifty percent of Indonesian citizens are urbanized , which means the other half live in rural areas with little exposure to modern world and technology .
People living in traditional villages live very simple life .
They stick to their ancestors ' traditions , and sometimes prefer traditional way of doing things to labor saving modern devices ; for example : some farmers prefer buffalo driven ploughs to tractors .
Moreover , the farmers still rely on the government supplies and subsidies , which encounters a lot of logistics problems , instead of innovating their own way of solving problems .
Besides , most universities in Indonesia are more teaching based , less research intensive than those in Japan or The States ; that makes Indonesian university students less creative and innovative in problem solving .
The second problem that may hamper the engineering design process in Indonesia is due to its both excessive and cheap natural resources , space , and workforces .
As mentioned before , Indonesia hosts more than two hundred and thirty million citizens , and its unemployment rate is considered high at 9.1 % ( Reuters , 2008 ) .
Thus , Indonesia needs to create jobs for its people ; one way is by developing its agricultural businesses , which has been a hot topic lately during the presidential campaign .
Prabowo Subianto , son of Sumitro Djojohadikusumo , former minister of economics for both Indonesia and Malaysia , during his vice presidential campaign opposed a solution to current Indonesian problems ; he promised to create jobs by developing bio diesel producing palm plantation in Indonesia , which may absorb about 6 million workforces .
It 's apparent that innovative and labor saving devices will not work in Indonesia ; the new invention seemed to be more expensive compared to the traditional way .
After the invention is patented , there is nobody who is willing to buy it , because in Indonesia 's case it 's not cost efficient .
Another effect is demotivation of young engineers from designing new product , because the rewards the society gives them is not equal to their long time hardworking .
To tackle them , Indonesian government has to work hard in developing innovative culture in the society , and decreasing the people 's dependability on the government .
According to Khandani 's statement " What distinguishes engineers from painters , poets , or sculptors is that engineers apply their creative energies to producing products or systems that meet human needs " , all engineering designs aim to meet human demand to become successful products .
Now , when the society becomes widely and continuingly developed , people are looking for new designs to satisfy their comfortable lives .
Those new designs may be the demands of entertainment , education or even something beyond our imagination .
However , in my opinion , one of the main concerns in our society is finding a new energy supply to alter the old ones , which become exhausted due to the overexploitation of human .
In order to solve this urgent demand , engineering plays an important role in finding the other alternatives such as nuclear energy , solar energy and geothermal energy .
Evidently , energy becomes vital and indispensable in our life , relating to most of everything we are working .
Because of the influence of energy , the natural resources have invisibly caused wars and conflicts between many countries over years and years .
The recent war between United States and Iraq in 2000 might be considered to be a typical example .
Although U.S. has been saying that this war was for the anti-terrorism , or more importantly for keeping the peacefulness of the world , it is clear that one of the reasons why American troopers stay in Iraq is the benefits of petroleum .
This is a typical example of showing how important energy is since it exerts a grave impact on our daily life .
Due to the non-renewability of the natural " fossil " resources , the more demands the society needs , the more exhausted they become .
According to the online newspaper Financial Times ( 2006 ) and USA today news ( 2004 ) , the oil reserves in Trinidad and Tobago will run out in the next 20 years and the world oil reserves will become exhausted just in 40 years .
The process of finding a new alternative energy source , which is not only renewable but also environmental-friendly , has been conducted for a long time and regarded as an ultimate goal for engineering .
The nuclear power is extracted from the usable energy from heavy atomic nuclei ( for example Uranium 235 ) via chain of nuclear reactions .
The first nuclear plant was built in Russia in 1984 whose initial electricity production is about 5000KW .
However , the design of nuclear reaction has to meet many rigorous requirements to avoid the nuclear releases as well as to isolate the radiation from the life .
All of these conditions have to be followed strictly otherwise it may cause immeasurable consequences .
For instance , one of the most tragic accidents involving radiation release was the Chernobyl disaster , which happened in 1986 .
This disastrous accident results from the weakness in design and up to now , the neighboring areas still suffer from the radiation .
Another solution is the perpetual resources as known as solar , geothermal energy and etc...The solar energy is drawn from sunlight 's energy by many solar panels which are designed to fit the house proof .
This energy will be converted into electric or thermal energy to serve our life .
Geothermal power takes the thermal calorie in the entrails in the earth and translates into other energies which contribute an important role to operate turbines and machines .
Geothermal energy is considered as the most potential alternative for the nonrenewable energy resource in the future .
Also , those resources may not be applied and used everywhere on earth due to the geographic differences .
In conclusion , I content that energy problem should be classified on the first priority in human must-solves not only because of many huge benefits it provides for people but also because of the critical shortage of energy resources .
In this context , engineering design process meets these urgent needs by finding many feasible solutions such as nuclear energy , solar energy and geothermal energy sources .
Although this process has just gotten initial achievements , it promises a fully potential energy source in the future which may permanently serve human kind .
Thus , many countries spend more money and time on developing new resources which can be used as a substitution to petroleum .
This can be seen through the increasing in research and development of the solar cars or other products .
The using of the solar energy related goods has been highly encouraged by the environmentalists .
So I would like to discuss about the reasons of innovation of these technology in the following factors , named economic factor , government factors and environmental factor .
First of all , as what I have mentioned before , the petrol price was fluctuating in recent years , this makes many factories start to worry about the cost and the profit they can earn .
Most of them feel unsecured because the cost of petrol may lead the low profit or even red deficit .
So we can see many firms and companies start to invest in solar energy areas .
It is because of the cost of the batteries .
Presently , there is limitation of the amount of energy the batteries can store as we can only " use solar cells to generate up to 240 watts of electrical power in full sunshine " ( wikepedia ) .
As long as we can find a way to increase the amount of the energy the batteries can store , the cost will not be much a problem anymore .
So I think , although they have to spend much more on researches now , they can definitely save more in the long run .
For example , their enemy may cut down the inflow of the petrol provided to their land .
This will in turn cause many harmful results include acidic rain or global warming .
And as solar energy comes from the sun , it can be regarded as reproducible and we do not need to worry about if it will be used up one day .
In conclusion , I think we should decrease the using of petrol related product and slowly switch towards using the products which need new resources .
Only if we show our interests and demands on these products , those researchers can have motivation and more funds to do their projects .
Their achievements are influencing the developments of every industry .
People 's need is so various that one prime need must be given priority to avoid distractions .
In today 's world , this need should be people 's demand of fresh water .
As is known , water is a resource that human can not live without .
Its uses range from climate regulating , industry application to food processing and daily drinking .
Back to a hundred years ago , water was never a concern .
While , today it is different .
It 's now commonly recognized that fresh water will be the scarcest resource in the follow century .
Some people even assume that the next world war will be fought for the limited fresh water on the earth .
In order to ensure human 's survival and the peace of world , engineers should respect the human 's need for water most when designing products .
One aspect engineer should work on to meet people 's need of water is to reduce the pollution in engineering process .
To be exact , there is never a lack of water on the earth , but pollution damaged most of the available water sources , such as rivers and lacks .
This can stop pollution to water more thoroughly than government 's fine on water pollution .
In addition , engineers can design device that can save water .
Therefore , if device can avoid wasting water in daily life of each person , it will surely save considerably large amount of water .
Small device like taps , water coolers , washing machines , can all be the targets of engineers .
Engineers should attach importance to water-efficiency together with other efficiencies regarding designing device , so that enough water can be conserved to meet people 's need .
To sum up , engineering should give priority to people 's need for water first , as water is necessary for human 's survival .
In order to highlight this need , engineers should emphasis on environmental friendliness and water saving in designing .
For the next 10 years or more , Singapore would have a high percentage of population consisting of the elderly .
There are a few factors leading to ageing population , where some of them are low birth rates and increase in the cost of standard living .
With the increase number of elderly , there would be a need in safety areas , thus products or services should be designed to meet this need .
This product is a smart suit that is equipped with array of microsensors which are able to detect falls suffered by the wearers and to send alerts to their caregivers .
Besides these functions , the engineers have also included an " impact-reduction " system to reduce the damage does to the wearer when he or she falls .
For the product , we have seen that the engineers have make use of the engineering design processes to meet the need .
Firstly , they have defined the problem , which is the ageing population and they have seen the need to invent a product which could gives extra safety protection to the elderly .
Secondly , they have brainstormed on the preliminary criteria for a better design for the product ( Khandani , S. ( 2005 ) ) .
For instance , in the case of a fire , the temperature sensor will be alerted and sends warning alerts to their caregivers or call for Civil Defense Force immediately .
Furthermore , when considering the design of the product , there is a need to make special considerations that are suitable for the elderly use .
Those factors that might need to take into consideration when designing the product are inflexible movements and slow response time .
Engineering would have to use the engineering design processes to list out multiple solutions the designing of product ( Khandani , S. ( 2005 ) ) .
In order to make sure the product works well , engineers have to test it before they launched the product .
In conclusion , we have seen that the problems of ageing population could get more serious for the next few years , thus there is a need to design a product that could help to reduce the risks and impacts faced by the ageing population .
By the example of these two products , we could see that both of them have make use of the engineering design processes to meet the need .
And thus , it proved that it is really important to follow through the engineering design processes when inventing a new product .
Humans ' activities on Earth have always been depleting Earth 's valuable yet limited amount of natural resources and at the same time damaging Earth 's environment .
This will cause Earth 's natural resources to be depleted and modifying Earth 's environment so much that it is no longer suitable for human life .
Therefore humans have to give priorities to conserving Earth 's natural resources and protecting its environment .
This can be achieved by completely abolishing already available engineering processes , modifying and improving these old processes , or correctly identifying the reasons for the rise of that need .
Firstly , engineering processes that are available now and are widely used can be abolished while new ones can be introduced to perform the function of its predecessor and at the same time fulfilling the need .
For instance , humans have always been depending of one of Earth 's natural resources , fossil fuels as an important source of energy .
However , due to human 's overuse of it , fossil fuels are expected to be completely depleted in the year 2050 .
Therefore engineering processes of technologies that extract energy from fossil fuels must be abolished and new ones must be introduced to ensure a constant supply of energy for humans .
For example , western powers like countries in Europe and the United States is planning to construct large scales solar energy farms in areas in Africa like the Sahara desert to replace generating energy from fossil fuels .
Therefore we can see how abolishing old engineering processes and embracing new ones can satisfy that need .
Secondly , instead of removing available engineering processes , they can also be modified so that its original function is still available but at the same time satisfying the need to reserve natural resources and protecting the environment .
For example , transportation systems like cars require fuels like fossil fuels which is processed from a depleting natural resource , fossil fuels .
Furthermore , greenhouse gases like carbon dioxide are produced from these cars which will contribute to the notorious greenhouse effect .
For instance , the introduction of electricity cars by General Motors , uses electricity to power the car 's engine instead of fossil fuels .
This satisfy the need as electricity can be generated from renewable sources of energies like solar and wind energy .
Furthermore , greenhouse gases like carbon dioxide will not be emitted also .
Thirdly , the need can be fulfilled by correctly identifying and analyzing the reason for the rise of that need , so that the correct decisions can be made in engineering processes to fulfill the need .
For example , CFC gases in the past is a by-product of many of our industries .
These gases causes the destruction of the Earth 's ozone layer in the atmosphere which causes more harmful ultraviolet , UV rays to penetrate the atmosphere , causing health problems like skin cancer to humans due to these UV rays .
Therefore a worldwide policy was implemented to ban the emission of CFC gases into the atmosphere by industries .
Thus , we can see how making the correct decisions to prevent pollution to the environment can fulfill the need .
In conclusion , to ensure a sufficient supply of natural resources and a healthy environment for us and our future generations to live in , engineering processes can meet our need by removing and introducing or modifying available engineering processes and making the correct decisions in engineering processes can fulfill that need .
Out of all the human needs in the world , to have clean water should be given priority compared with others .
In addition , due to the global warming , the sea level rises .
Therefore , some precious sources of drinking water , like underground water is polluted and not drinkable any more , which makes the situation even worse .
In some regions in the world , such as the Middle East and Africa , the shortage of clean drinking water is very serious , which even causes wars sometimes .
Water we daily use can be divided into two categories , which are respectively for drinking and not for drinking .
For example , water we use to flush toilet , to irrigate farmland and to wash cars is not necessary to reach the same hygienic level as the drinking water .
Hence , we may use recycled water to do these jobs so that we can save more clean drinking water for people to drink .
However , this method may not suitable for those developing and undeveloped countries because it costs a lot of money , and the technology required is also very high .
The other way to get drinking water is the desalination of sea water .
Another limitation of this method is that it can only be applied in seaside countries , like Singapore , which means that it is not the first choice to many inland countries .
Therefore , since the two methods mentioned above are both costly and difficult to apply , they can be restricted by the economic and market and thus , they may be not able to solve the shortage of water in a short period .
It is this kind of hope that motivates humans to develop , to improve , to pursue our dream , and finally to have such a beautiful world today .
Hope is the most significant contribution which engineers have ever made to the world .
Environment-friendly car is a current humans ' need which should be given priority .
The current car 's technology , the fuel injection has satisfied that need , but dissatisfies environment 's need .
Humans need a car which not only able to transport them easily but also friendly to the environment .
It is engineers ' job to apply their creative energies in designing a solution which meets humans ' need .
First of all , the current car 's technology , the fuel injection has satisfied humans ' need to travel .
For example , the time taken to travel from one place to another with a distance of a few hundred kilometres has reduced from 2-3 days to 2-3 hours ; as a result , humans are able to travel instantly .
This is indeed makes human 's mean of transportation rises to another level .
Second , in contrast with the benefit which the fuel injection has contributed to humans ' life , it has polluted the environment .
This is due to the fuel processing in the car .
For example , the fuel injection is exhausting Carbon Dioxide ( CO2 ) as a result of incomplete burning of fuels .
Third , humans not only need to travel but also need a pollution free environment to live in .
In the view of this issue , engineers are needed to design a solution .
According to Khandani ( 2005 ) , products or systems are designed to meet human needs by engineers .
For years , engineers have experimented to design a solution to this issue .
This eco-car has no fuel tank therefore produce no emissions at all .
Lastly , Japan 's engineers had followed engineering design processes , Khandani ( 2005 ) , to design their first eco-car .
They defined that the fuel injection system 's problem lies on the fuel it uses .
They gathered information in order to arrive successfully at the right fuel 's source ; subsequently , they decided to use electricity as the fuel .
The road to success is not smooth ; likewise , Japan 's engineers had gone through a lot of challenges and tests before they arrived at their final prototype of Japan 's first eco-car .
Humans need to care about the environment 's condition , in order to preserve it for the new generation .
To conclude , by using engineering design processes , engineers can design product that meets humans ' need .
For instance in Singapore and Japan , healthcare is emphasized on the elderly due to their aging populations but both execute their policies in a different way .
With a replacement rate of 1.5 children to 2 adults and estimation that by 2030 , 18.4 % of the population will be make up of the elderly , it is no wonder why Singapore government is promoting reproduction in young couples .
As the population ages , the main users of hospital services will be the old aged .
According to a survey in 2004 , Singapore is named one of the unfriendliest countries towards the wheel chair bounded .
Hence , there is a need for us to better the healthcare services of our older citizens .
In Japan , nearly one quarter of the population is made up of the old aged .
The fast paced society force citizens to place work as priority over family resulting in a declining population .
Since the number of old aged is increasing , it is important to cater to their needs in terms of healthcare .
The first concern is the living condition of the old aged .
Home care facilities such as hospice ; day care centre and nursing home are built to look after the elderly especially when their family members are unable to do so .
For example , in Singapore , one room apartment with specially installed emergency buttons and lifts are catered to the elderly .
Shopping malls and other common places should be equipped with more ramps and handicapped friendly escalator .
They should be offered free medical checkups and treatment if necessary .
In conclusion , healthcare services should not be neglected especially in countries , which face aging population .
Consequently , after years of research and design in aim to alleviate this problem , the NEWater technology was invented .
This is an example in which a particular human need has been satisfied by an engineering design system .
Global warming , as a result , is becoming more and more an issue of raising concern as little has been done to eliminate or tremendously reduce pollution .
Time is running out and to protect the sustainability of life on Earth , necessary actions have to be taken immediately if not , as soon as possible and the help of engineering design processes should not be left out .
Subsequently , engineering design processes have made possible the invention of catalytic converters which convert the harmful gases emitted by vehicles into non- harmful gases .
On the flip side , although the problem of the emission of harmful gases has been handled , vehicles today are releasing carbon dioxide , which is a greenhouse gas , instead .
After years of research , then comes the idea of inventing an environmentally-friendly car ; also known as an ecocar .
Throughout the years , there has always been a debate on whether technology shapes society , a technologically determinist perspective , or does society shape technology , a socially determinist view .
One such technology that is closely related to this debate is the invention of the automobiles .
Due to the influence of these factors , the gasoline powered cars have won over the electric cars for years .
Firstly , societal factors like the expansion of cities favor the gasoline cars over electric cars .
For example , the gasoline powered cars can travel an average of about 300km on a full tank of petrol as compared to a maximum distance of 150km for a full charge on an electric battery .
Everyone now wants to own a car for the convenience and for individualism 's sake .
Take Dubai for instance , they now have an average ratio of 571 cars to every 1000 people .
Therefore , this affects the automobiles as people purchase more gasoline powered cars .
The reason is that car manufacturers , in order to retain their market share of gasoline powered cars , will invest time and money to promote gasoline powered vehicles over the unproven market of electric cars .
A social stigma that electric cars are only meant to be golf carts or less is hence created , and this leads to people purchasing the gasoline powered cars .
Next , technological factors current available technology and limitation of resources have also helped shaped the automobiles .
Hybrid cars involves either part gasoline part electric or part gasoline part compressed natural gas ( CNG ) .
The gasoline powered car has finally seen a worthy competitor .
However , technological restrains like limited resources has been a set back for hybrid users .
This constrain makes consumers think twice before purchasing a hybrid vehicle .
Imagine if there no technological restrains and that we could create a self replenishing battery .
Technology and society co-exist and affects one another .
Even till now , we are shaping many other technological inventions .
Who knows , hybrid cars might actually manage to successfully dethrone the gasoline powered cars in the near future .
Electronics such as lights and cars have become essential to the human beings over the past years .
These electronics though wonderful , but they consume a huge amount of energy .
One current human need that should be given priority for engineering design is to have cost saving electronics .
The milestone in having a motion sensor light to automatically turn on and off the lights with the presence of a human being was how to accurately identify the presence of a human being in the area monitored by the sensor .
To overcome the milestone , the motion sensors use infrared energy to detect human beings .
These natural gases are widely available on earth as compared to petrol fuel which is getting limited as the oil reserves depletes .
In order for a car to be powered using CNG , there are certain modifications that needs to be done .
For example , new fuel storage was introduced , and took the name of Integrated Storage system .
In Singapore , public transports such as taxis , buses have converted to CNG .
In addition , according to Channel NewsAsia , there is an increasing number of private cars owners converting their conventional petrol fuel powered cars to CNG cars .
To sum up , with the depletion of natural resources and high electricity and fuel cost , engineering designing should be given priority to cost saving electronics .
Usually , engineers face difficulty in designing a product or coming out with ideas that are of demand by the public .
As an engineer , he needs to define the problem , gather pertinent information , generate and analyse multiple solutions and finally , test and implement whether the solution works .
However , the two most disturbing problems that may hamper engineering design processes for innovations are the inability to generate multiple solutions to convince their superior to implement their products or ideas and the failure of constantly creating a product that are of demand .
Firstly , in the aspect of generating multiple solutions , engineers often face the problems off lacking of funds and unable to convince their superior that their idea is feasible .
Their idea or product is a total new concept which people may find it hard to accept because of traditional idea or product that may have etched in their mind .
For example , in the Singapore National Service , the professional nature of the military officers , using its portion of dominant influence , typically make most of the important decisions about innovation .
In addition , the low ranking cadets usually fail to convince the high ranking officers that their innovative products or ideas may improve the military .
This unmanned combat air vehicle may be potent enough to replace the ubiquitous manned fighter in the near future .
However , due to the higher officer not having enough trust over the air vehicle being piloted by human , this unmanned combat vehicle project did not succeed in carrying out .
As an engineer , if their ideas or products face constant rejection by their superior , they will stop coming up with new ideas or products as they see no purpose for coming up with new ideas or products and constantly opposing their superiors .
Thus , the superiority in company will significantly hamper engineer morale and their design .
Secondly , the other problem that restricts engineer design is the lack of confident to implement ideas or products that are of demand .
Although in the initial stage the surveying of their products response may be good , when it comes to implementing their ideas or products , the response may be of the reverse .
Engineers spend efforts in developing the products , but the final products that they design may not be of popular demand .
This type of phone faced rejection because the phone was expensive and users found it infringing their privacy .
As a result , the sales of these phones were low , affecting the morale of the engineer who design this phone .
As an engineer , facing multiple failures may cause them to be disheartened and put them on high alert as they will be more careful when they want to design a product .
They will tend to feel disappointed because they need to solicit a lot of funds , putting in their utmost efforts when developing the products , and only to find out that their products face rejection by the public .
The " best " design solution is always hard to develop because it is one that most completely fulfils the client 's requirements .
Therefore , engineers may just stop at gathering pertinent information , and not go into generating multiple solutions as they are worry that their products may not be of demand as expected , which again hamper their design processes for innovations .
In conclusion , it is usually the lack of ability to convince the superiors and the constant rejection by the public that significantly hamper engineering design for innovations .
Traditional mindset should be changed and let engineers have a chance to develop their ideas .
Furthermore , engineers should do their research and marketing of their products effectively , such that product that they develop will be of marketing value .
Meanwhile many new kind of innovative inventions come out almost in every day changing the way people living .
There exists a remarkable fact which is that a technical innovation is viewed different between different groups of people .
A wonderful invention to a group of people may be dislike to the other ones .
In general , the justification of the utility of a specific technology or invention depends on the specific perspectives from different group of people .
Space technology is a good example to explain the reason how different views come out .
Space technology is a kind of high innovative , high compositive and also high cost technology .
Its aim is to find out the unknown scientific questions and for military use .
The beginning of space technology derives from America and Russia .
Then it quickly spreads out to all over the world .
Nowadays European countries , China , Japan and India are all have a high development in space technology .
Toward this new technique , there are two opposite opinion exist in these days .
Government and scientists think it is worth to spend money and people working on this , and it will benefit the whole country .
However , many people look it in another way that it is a waste of resource which can be used to improve people 's living condition .
If we look a little deeper into the causes that lead to the opposite solution , we will find that the focus that specific group of people pays attention to is , obviously , quite different from each other .
In the government and scientists ' point of view , space technology is essential that it is the fundamental things we need to do to protect our country and fulfill future needs .
They pay lots attention to keep technique developing moving and more concentrate on the huge issue , like military demand , and the future .
That is also the reason why every country tries their best to improve the space technique .
Former president of America Regan even state the announcement of star war program , although it was given up at the end .
They focus more on current living condition and environment .
They simply pay their attention to the surrounding that needs to improve to make a better living condition .
Associated with the high cost space technology development , they will think government focus on this is a kind of waste .
In their opinion , government should spend these money and resource to these places where we can benefit from in today 's life .
So , it is not surprising that not all people satisfied when Chinese Government proudly announce the success of launching Shenzhou-5 spacesuit into the universe .
In conclusion , judgments towards a technical innovation or development always tend to different directions when these are made by different group of people .
All in all , the difference does really derive from the different thinking perspectives .
Because people tend to think about things associating with their own experience and life , different justification come out .
Hundreds of years ago , people used to go out riding horses ; illuminate the house by candles ; start fire using firewood 's .
And we now go out by buses ; light the house by electric lights ; start fire using lighters... Nowadays , people are living in a very convenient world .
But few my notice that we are facing a serious problem behind all these inventions we are using .
And the short of petroleum is the most important issue that we must take care .
Why is the petroleum so important ?
Without these extracted products from petroleum , cars can not run , planes can not fly , and ships can not launch out .
What 's more , petroleum is a liquid mixture of hydrocarbons which is present in suitable rock strata and is not reproducible for now .
One way is to conserve and save the petroleum .
Engineers have brought out some solutions for saving the petroleum .
One of the engineer 's solutions is to mix the alcohol and petrol together to provide the energy .
This solution is now in the test and implement period .
In Wuhan , one of the biggest cities in China , all the taxies are operating using this mixture fuel .
When the vehicle starts , it consumes the electric power .
That 's why we can smell strong petrol when the car starts .
To do this concept of power system is to let the fuel fully used in order to save the fuel .
Hydrogen fuel cell , solar power and nuclear power are the three hottest topics that interested engineers most .
The research of fuel cell on vehicles was started in early 1960s and it gets well developed until now .
Most of car makers have come out with their own hydrogen fuel cell powered vehicles .
But hydrogen fuel cell vehicles are still in the test and implement phase .
But for finalized product , the cost should be reduced and the efficiency of the cell should be increased .
The key point to increase the efficiency of solar power is how to concentrate the sunshine .
If this point can be solved , the potential of solar power is prodigious .
For nuclear power , actually it is using the power generated by the nuclear fusion .
Nuclear fusion is the same way as the sun to generate its power .
The research of nuclear fusion has been processed for decades , but the progress is not so obvious .
In brief , the energy problem is one of the most serious problems to us now .
So we need to be step by step , follow the right rules , to get the best solution of this urgent problem .
However the above only holds through for those who are not stricken with poverty .
Surely the needs of these people , most of whom are based in developing countries , are endless .
This is because basic infrastructure is the basis for any country to develop essential facilities like transport , housing and education , to help the poor .
The word 'need ' refers a man 's desire for a certain product or system .
This need is usually identified by the society and may vary from society from society .
Thus needs which are considered a necessity to some might actually be a luxury to others .
The nomads would prefer to conserve the forests and wildlife so as to be able to carry on their nomadic lifestyle .
So it 's vital for engineers to collect as much information as possible so as to not repeat the mistakes and go down the same slippery slope of their predecessors .
The most logical step after you have come up with a few solutions is to pick the best one .
This is actually the decisionmaking process , after studying the various solutions .
For instance , if a school is being built , based in the land available , few designs would have already thought off .
Certain schools might be able to hold more students while not proving to be as stable as another that hold fewer students but is very much stronger .
Ironically , this step is one that is followed by most however , they do not bother to pick out flaws and in the end the consumer uses a flawed product .
Possible flaws should be picked out so that the product can be improved on later .
In conclusion , I would like to recommend the engineering design process because it 's very complete in its steps to provide a solution to those in need .
The establishment of basic infrastructure in developing countries through engineering design will give the poor an avenue to success fully escape from the vicious cycle of poverty .
The world today is undergoing global warming which is caused by the burning of fossil fuels and deforestation .
The first step in the design process is the problem definition .
Tapping of kinetic energy in wind is a good solution as wind is abundant due to the frequent changes in the atmospheric pressure .
It announces to the engineers that Earth is in grave danger , thus giving them more motivation to think of a solution .
For example , by defining the problem as the fast decreasing quantity of fossil fuels , it gives engineers an insight to create a product which can be used to tap kinetic energy in wind .
Referring to the earlier models of windmills like those built in Sistan , Iran , from the seventh century , which were used to grind rice grains , engineers used the same concept to create wind turbine which converts kinetic energy in wind to electrical energy .
The credibility of the problem needs to be addressed after the problem has been defined .
The last step in the design process is the testing and implementing of solutions .
The testing and implementing solutions is closely related to the analysis of the design solution .
Lastly , the testing and implementing of solutions consists of marketability , ergonomics and safety which serve as a check on whether the product is deemed suitable to solve the problem .
Nowadays , engineering design products are cores for everything .
Engineering systems play important roles in all the fields ; for example entertainment , healthcare as well as education .
Although it is essential for all the fields , engineering products and systems in healthcare and medical fields should be given the highest priority since health is the most important thing for all human beings .
Designing of medical products which can make all human beings ; young and old as well as disabilities easier and safer is obviously important .
On the other hand , people spend much more time normally for entertainment than healthcare .
As a result there are mass products for entertainment because of high demand .
There are many healthcare products which are available in research organization but not widely available in current market .
For example , " Fall Detection System " which can detect the fall of person especially elder people and can send instant message via sms to relatives so that the person can get immediate help in critical situations .
As mentioned in " Global action on aging " website that the number of senior citizens are rising and the action for this should be taken , it is obvious that increasing number of elder people and taking care of them has been necessary to be considered .
It is also mentioned that since the number of elderly people increases , the burden of caring is also increasing for young people .
Hence , engineering should consider the situation of increasing number of elders and come out with the solution which can take care of situation in order to help elder people safe as well as make youth work without worry .
Although there are R&Ds for healthcare products for monitoring and taking care of elder people , these devices are not widely used in the market .
So , in order to get this situation , engineers should think about the ways that can make the design process meet the need of the market situation .
One of the examples of medical system is " Posture Monitoring System " which can monitor body posture all the time and keep warning the user to maintain best posture .
Recently in 2009 , Nanyang Poly Technic won merit prize in Tan Kah Kee young inventors ' award competition in Singapore by its posture monitoring system and there are also research papers and prototypes of posture monitoring system by R&D from other countries but are not widely available in current market .
One example of engineering products for disabilities which is mentioned in The Straits Times by Grace Chua is a chair that turns sound into vibrations which is invented by NUS PhD student Suranga Nanayakkara , which could help deaf people experience music and even aid them in speech therapy .
In order to make engineering design product meet the needs , first of all , clear and unambiguous definition of this problem should be defined .
Problems should be widely and well defined by engineers , elder people as well as adults so that more innovative products and ideas come out .
Once alternative solutions coming out , engineers need to analyze and decide bested suited solution to implement .Government and organization are also responsible to support R&D process in order to gather information needed , generate multiple solutions , analyze solutions and test as well as implement solutions which are the necessary steps for the design process .
In conclusion , engineers should try to get preferable situation in the market for the products , for example , " Fall Detection System " which can take care of elder people and " Posture monitoring system " which can help people of all ages to maintain best posture with the help of government and organizations as well as consumers .
And the goal can also be achieved by developing most suitable design engineering process for the system and products for healthcare .
A human need is a necessity that human required in order to survive .
According to the World Food Program 's 2008 report , 25000 people are dying every day due to famine and related issue .
A large portion of the deaths comes from the Third World Countries like Africa and India .
By using the Engineering Design Process introduced by Seyyed Khandani , a professor at Diablo Valley College , we can reduce the famine .
Some factors that play a part in of famine include political , technological and environmental issues .
The World Food Program ( WFP ) has been providing food and aids to areas affected by famine since it established .
The definition of the problem is straight forward in the beginning , the people are starving , so they provide food .
However , for Malawi , the WFP and the World Bank analyzed the solution and found out that it is better to donate cash to them ; as they did some researches and found out that the country has food resources , but the poor can not afford it .
In 1990s , the WFP introduced the donation of cash and vouchers policies ; one of the pioneer countries that received this aids is Malawi .
Thus , providing cash did not only help to solve the famine , it also improved the financial situation for the farmers .
Furthermore , the WFP saved time and cost from the collection of food and delivering it to the affected areas .
In 1970s , the WFP has been providing food to India to temporarily solve the famine .
During this period , they have been analyzing the situation to generate other solutions to permanently solve the famine .
According to the design process , the second step is to gather related information , then generate various solutions .
The first off solution is to provide genetically modified seeds and fertilizers to the farmers , so that they will obtain higher yield .
Before this solution was implemented , they did a further study , and realized that the solution will not work ; as the farmers are using traditional farming methods which are not yield efficient .
These aids have improved the famine situation as the famine dropped by about 20 % in a WFP 's 1990s report ; On the other hand , these solutions are not applicable to all the lands in India as various areas have different types of lands .
For the dry lands , the WFP has do further researches on water irrigation methods .
One of the solutions is to construct a drainage system from the Indira Ghandi canal to irrigate the dry lands in the region .
Some events like drought , flood and earthquakes are causes to famine .
Nevertheless , events like deforestation and overgrazing has affected the fertile lands and caused the yield to go down .
While governments spend millions and billions of dollars on entertainments and military expenditure yearly , these large amount of money can be put to good use in helping their own people .
India has increased the military spending by 50 % in 2008 , bringing the amount to 40 billion dollars ; despite that 35 % of the people are still affected by famine .
That large amount of money can be invested in the agriculture sector , like having the technology to plant seeds that will grow on dry land , which will greatly solve the famine .
In conclusion , the WFP can do more researches and analysis , like creating genetic modified seeds that can survive in dry or wet land , or an indoor farming center that will shelter the crops from natural disasters , which will resolve the famine issue .
In addition , the governments can try to allocate more budgets to the agriculture and research center than invested tons of money on entertainment sector , which is redundant when people in their own country are suffering without having a basic need .
The last step of the design process is to test and implement the solution .
By moving a small step forward , will reduce the famine .
Thus , we should do more to help the people that are suffering from famine .
Communication is an important part of human development , it allows ideas and information to be disseminated effectively .
Two main driving factors that shaped the innovations of radio will be economic and military demands , leading to the usage of radio beyond pure communication .
The first radio set was able to transmit only simple signals , still it was valuable enough to be used by the maritime .
An example will be the sending of message to the nearest ship requesting for assistance by the Titanic before it sank , it illustrated the usefulness of radio as a tool for communication in situations where line communication is not possible .
Sending of Morse code via radio set was further popularised by the telegraphy which transformed the use of radio into a service much like the postal .
Telegraphy flourish as it was relatively reliable and much faster than postal , encouraging more resources to be channelled into the development and research of radio technology .
As the average cost of production declined steadily , radio set was mass produced leading to the birth of radio broadcasting .
Warnings and announcements regarding weather or disaster evacuation can be made via broadcasting will greatly help in minimising the casualty rate in a disaster as the mass can receive vital and timely information and instruction even when the cable lines are damaged .
The other factors that influence the development of radio will be military demands .
Besides improving on communication , military demands had also led to the invention of radar which uses radio wave in detecting distance objects and getting information such as their location and movement .
From its communication values to other discovered usages , economic factor and military demands have played a positive role in its overall development .
Invention and development of radio has better the society in numerous ways .
Overpopulation is one of the current human needs that should be given priority .
Size or Density of the population affects the overpopulation .
In the world where the human populations are growing , we should focus on solving the problem of insufficient land to maintain the life on earth .
The houses today are stronger , and some of them can withstand natural disaster .
For example in Japan , a country where earthquake happen often , their engineer is trying to solve the problem of building a building that can withstands earthquake .
By using the Khandani Principle , the engineers gather pertinent information about the earthquake and manage to implement a solution after several test had been conducted , called Seismic retrofitting method , where Seismic retrofitting is the changing of existing building to a structure that is more resistant to ground motion , soil failure due to earthquakes or seismic activity .
Engineers try to solve overpopulation by combine many houses into one building , thus building multi-unit housing or also known as attached dwellings has been invented .
Apartment , barracks , tenement and terrace house is good example of multi-unit housing .
Engineer applied Khandani principle that time , they define the problem and has gather enough information to make sure the building will not collapse .
For example , in Singapore , where the land is very small , engineers build a lot of condominiums and apartments to solve the problem of insufficient houses and manage to save some of the land for other purposes .
In the future , the population will increase much more , and by building more multi-unit housing can not solve the problem effectively .
In my opinion , engineer should focus on upgrading the building .
They should implement the solution of building multiple level basements for multi-unit housing and building since we do n't really use a lot of the underground space .
Building multiple level basements may cause some other potential problems and engineer should try to solve these .
Engineers have to analyze every possible problem that may occur like water seepage , internal condensation , underground virus and bad acoustics when building more underground level .
That is why building more underground level , we need to use Khandani principle 2005,that is require engineer to gather a lot of pertinent information from any sources available before implement it .
In addition , engineers can also improve the stability of the building so that more levels can be built above the building .
The stability of the building depends on the wideness of the base level , the material of the structure and the method of building the structure .
Engineer can increase the wide of the base of the structure to support extra level of building build on it .
Engineer can improve the structures by using more strong material like diamonds , gold , and etc and finding more suitable method for building a structure .
Engineers need to test the solution before they started to use it .
Hidden problem can be found out testing it under real condition .
( Khandani , 2005 )
If we compare the house 10000 BC to the modern house today , engineering design process is apparent .
If in the world we do n't have engineering design process , engineers may generate solution that is ineffective or it may cause harm to other life form .
The issue of the depletion of earth 's natural resources have been raised repeatedly throughout recent times .
Singapore , due to its small land size area also face the problem of the lack of natural resources .
In order for Singapore to be self-reliance on water , there is a need for Singapore to create portable water resources for its people .
Singapore had tried a number of ways in its bid to shift towards self- reliance of water .
However , these methods are still short of providing for the growing need of water of its people .
The product of it is called New water .
New water is treated waste water that had undergone stringent purification processes using advance dual membrane and ultraviolet technology .
The product can be bottled for consumption or be mixed with reservoir water and then going through the usual water treatment to produce drinkable water .
This is indeed a product of system which is engineered to meet the human need for natural resources .
Singapore has been buying water from Malaysia , its neighbouring country in order to supplement its own water supply .
Secondly , they gather pertinent information on the technologies and usage of water that is purified from waste water .
They eventually build its first plant after the technology of dual membrane purification has matured and the production cost has come down .
Thirdly , prior to the implementation of the New water technology , there are also multiple solutions to the problem of lack of water resources in Singapore .
Solutions include desalination of sea water and damping up more rivers to increase the water catchment area .
The desalination of seawater will require large amount of fossil fuel to run which is another natural resource that Singapore do not have .
Furthermore , the desalination plants will also leave a larger carbon footprint .
Despite these , a desalination plant is still build because of the growing demand .
The damping up of rivers to form water catchment areas is in fact being implemented .
Marina barrage the newest kid on the block was formed by damping the marina channel to form a large water catchment area capable of meeting 10 % of Singapore 's need .
However , as Singapore has limited land , we can not go on forever creating water catchment area from our land .
Therefore , New water is decided as a solution needed to meet the need for water of the Nation .
Finally , in May 2000 , the first New water plant is completed .
Currently there are 4 New water plant in Singapore with a fifth on its way .
Bottled New water were also given out during National events , promoting the use of the New water in our daily life .
In conclusion , New water has been a engineering design which was designed to meet the human need of the lack of water resources particularly in Singapore .
Throughout the history of human , there are a lot of successful products which have great effect on human life , just like television , cell phone and so on .
It is not only their high level technology that makes them so successful , but also that they meet the need of the people .
Electric car , which is first invented by General Motors Company ( GM ) , is such an interesting case .
The invention of electric cars is both successful and failure .
We can analysis it in both social and technological aspects .
Electric car is the product of social reasons .
As we know , ordinary car 's fuel is gas which is used since the first car has been produced .
While there exists a problem that the burning of gas gives off poisonous gas and large amount of carbon dioxide which cause serious air pollution .
Furthermore , as it is mineral resource , the storage of gas is becoming less and less which directly leads to the rise of the price .
Another direct reason social reason is that in the early 1990s , the California and Arizona state governments had raised a policy which said at least 10 percent of the cars produced in the automobile companies should be environmental friendly , in another word is nonpolluting .
This promoted the research of electric cars .
In the mean time , GM also wanted to use this opportunity to restore their position in automobile world .
This is the social reasons that do favor to electric car .
With the development of the technology , people have more comfortable and beautiful clothes to wear , more enjoyable entertainment to participate , more delicious food to eat and more convenient transportation tools to use .
Nowadays , as our Earth Mother becomes hotter , human beings ' living condition is greatly threatened by the global warming , the issue which is discussed fiercely among scientists .
As an engineer , we must also take this responsibility to protect our Earth Mother .
It is commonly known that global warming is caused by frequently industrial activities these years ; in detail , it is due to the emission of green house gas ( GHG ) .
In recent years , due to much more frequent industrial activities , the curve of emission of CO2 consequently jumps to a very high point , so does the curve of temperature .
Nowadays , the rising temperature has been paid much more attention because of some sudden , striking surprise , for instance , the melting ice in Antarctica , the rising sea level .
As mentioned above , the rising temperature is due to much more emission of green house gas , so the key to global warming will focus of this issue .
Firstly , we can make use of natural energy instead of fuel , as we all know , burning fuel will emit a lot of green house gas , including CO2 .
However , if we use natural energy , we can not only reduce the emission of green house gas , but also save our resource .
Water energy is also a kind of natural energy which can be exploited by human beings , such as China .
Kyoto Protocol signed in Japan is the best example .
In this protocol , the member countries have to reduce certain amount of green house gas according to the amount of green house gas they produced and the most acceptable way is just reduce industrial activities .
Thirdly , increase planting area is also an efficient way to reach our goal , as plants could absorb CO2 .
In conclusion , the threaten of global warming has come , we engineers need to face it bravely and design products against the climate change .
We have only one Earth Mother , we will never lose her .
As the progress of our society , human beings get stuck in a dilemma of energy .
On one hand , the energy resources we use now which are mainly fossil fuels will be exhausted soon if we continue to consume as current rate while the use of fossil fuels trigger out a series of environmental problems .
On the other hand , the development of society calls for larger and larger amount of energy , which makes us in desperate need of energy .
In order to develop our society without exhausting all the fossil fuels or sacrificing our environment , we have to find new energy resources to take place of traditional fossil fuels .
In this case , solar energy stands out becoming our first choice .
Engineering design play a significant role in the use of solar energy , especially in the system of solar heating .
In fact , humans began to utilize solar energy to heat water as early as 3000 years before .
The question how to make a efficient and effective solar heating system is addressed by engineers .
In order to find the solution , engineers spend large amount of time to collect the relative information , from which they can generate inspiration while draw lessons from the previous work .
Though this preliminary stage appears simple , actually it not only takes a lot of time and calls for patient , but also is the crucial fundamental of the solution .
Then engineers come to the core step that is the generation of solutions .
First , engineers decide to make a solar collector which can effectively collect solar from surroundings .
Because of efficient heat conductibility of metal , engineers use a huge piece of metal which is painted black to collect the solar energy .
After that , engineers build the circulation equipment to make water flow below the metal so that the metal can transmit the heat to water and then people can use the heated water .
According to this solar heating system , engineers also come up with certain products widely used in our daily life , such as the solar water heater .
What engineers do next is to test the system and make possible improvements .
It is not stable enough so that people may not be able to use solar energy to heat water whenever they need .
To improve the solar heating system , engineers add accessorial energy equipment to it such as electrical heater .
To make the efficient and effective solar heating system , engineers carefully define the problem and collect important information about this issue , then they generate all the possible solutions , finally they test the solutions and make changes to improve the solution .
Besides solar heating system , engineering design is also used in other fields in terms of energy issue .
In the current world people depend more and more on technology to improve their life , which stimulus the development of science and technology in reverse .
In my opinion , we should pay most attention on the development of clean energy such as solar energy .
The reason why we should focus on the research of solar energy is that the atmospheric pollution caused by the consumption of fossil fuels is severe , there is enough amount of solar energy to be used on earth , and the diffusion and adoption of solar energy product is satisfying .
In fact , the research of solar energy can be traced back to the year of 1900 .
Although at that time they only focused on solar power plant .
Later , because of the decrease of petroleum and natural gas , the scientists paid attention to solar energy again .
Until today , the process of solar energy research is still quite difficult .
However , because of the severe pollution problem , we have to focus on the development of solar energy .
Nowadays , there are already various kinds of solar energy product in the market .
For example , people use solar energy converter to heat up water , which will save amazing amount of energy acquired from other ways .
Besides , the usage of solar panel should become more and more important in the future .
It is said that if we can cover a place of 40,000 square miles with solar panel , the demand for electricity of the whole world will be satisfied .
Also , solar energy is inexhaustible and we can use it without worrying about polluting the atmosphere , which really solved the problem brought by the consumption of fossil fuels .
In some place of the world , people are accepting solar energy product such as solar energy converter as they think that it is fashionable and pollution-free .
But in cities such as GuangDong and ShangDong provinces in China , people are not so willing to install solar energy converter though the government forced some buildings to install the converters to save energy and reduce carbon emission .
Some residents in America covered their roof with solar energy panel and hopes those panels will provide 50 percent to 80 percent of power consumption in their house .
Moreover , since the price of solar energy panel is decreasing recently , more and more consumers will think about the usage of solar energy panel .
In the 1980s and 1990s , the research of solar energy fell into the low tide because that the price of petroleum fell down and the solar energy product was too expensive and there was no important breakthrough about the development of solar energy product .
However , since the environmental pollution has become one of the most important topics in the world nowadays , we also should pay more attention to clean energy such as solar energy .
The usage of solar energy product will not only save large amount of energy and solve the problem of energy crisis but also give us a clean world with little pollution .
With the developmemt of the society , our demand for the various commodity keeps increasing .
However , without enough energy to manufacture the products , how can our desire be satisfied !
Therefore , the current human need to find endless energy source is becoming more and more urgent so that it should be given priority .
To satisfy the current human need , we ha better use Roger 's Engineering design process to work out a supreme solution .
As we know , most of the energy we are consuming is fossil energy such as coal and oil which is limited .
If we just depend our future on fossil energy source , how can we live on after hundreds of years !
Just a few years ago , America declared a war against Iraq with the justification that there were bio-chemistry weapons in Iraq .
This war alarms us that if we do not solve the energy problems , more wars may be declared in the future .
However , there are many other kinds of energy source on the earth such as nuclear power , water power and solar power .
Now the problem is how to use these power to substitutde the fossil energy , which means how to convert these power into the energy that can be used by us such as electrical power .
To solve this problem , building electrical powerhouse may be the best choice .
The reason is that the electrical power is clean , easily transported and easily stored .
Although making use of nuclear power , water power and solar power seems feasible , there are some reasons that make solar power be the most appropriate .
Nevertheless , it can generate so huge power that it is very unsafe .
The strong radiation of the explosion even influenced all the North Hemisphere .
What a tragedy it is !
Depending our future on nuclear power , we can not guarantee there will be no such kind of explosion any longer .
Undeniably , the technology of solar power convertion today is still not perfect .
Many improvements should be made to increase the convertion rate and lower the cost of the equipment so it can be pervaded .
Compared to other energy , solar power has three big advantages .
Actually , the sunlight is electramagnetic wave .
Nowadays , we already have built some solar powerhouses but we never hear anything unfortunate happens .
Therefore , for the three advantages above , we can find it really meaningful to develop the solar power tachnology .
Furthermore , during the development of solar power technology , we should pay more attention to solving the difficulty of the pervasion .
Lowering the cost of the application is also very important , otherwise nobody is willing to adopt this technology .
In conclusion , to maintain the sustainable development of our society , we should give priority to the current human need to develope more energy from various source of human society .
Among the diverse energy source , solar power has the brightest prospect for its non-pollution , safety and infinitude .
From a luxurious entertaining appliance in the early stage of development , television becomes an indispensable and ubiquitous thing within every family nowadays .
For instance , a character may be driving a particular type of automobile , wearing a certain kind of clothes , or eating at a particular chain restaurant .
A brand or trademark sometimes is used .
In terms of advantages , I strongly believe that the benefits television brings to our society are undeniable .
Nowadays virtually all the broadcasters have at least an educational program for their own .
That 's because of the high demand of parents , institutions and educationists .
However , television also brings more negative influences on our society as many as the positive ones .
Children addicted to televisions are associated with obesity , passiveness , heath 's problems and sometimes bad grades .
Inappropriate contents are deemed as another type of dangers to the youth .
Violence , sex , drugs abusing , nonsense comics , etc. cause a lot of controversies over the right age of watching them ; and the youth are subject to parental television control , especially when it influences their self-esteem and body image .
With carefully-nurturing parents , a child can greatly benefit from television programs ; whereas the child may encounter inappropriate contents if the parents let him or her freely use devices .
Adults who spend too much time on TV viewing seem to be the unsatisfied people because they try to look for happiness in those programs after a hard struggling day .
However it is usually short time happiness .
It is in dispute whether television has been changing the norms of society .
In conclusion , television has obviously contributed a lot to determine and shape our society , owe the strong links between its development history and the human 's one .
However , the well-trained ones are hard to find and they are not always available at times when you need them immediately .
Moreover , some people feel that their privacy is not preserved with a translator involved .
In the following paragraphs , the design process of our product will be illustrated to show how we fulfill people 's need to communicate with people speaking different languages .
For the after-sale services , we would establish an official website for the customers to acquire necessary information and post their feedbacks .
We will keep upgrading and modifying our software until our customers satisfy .
As batteries are not environmental friendly , we make use of the DC chargers instead .
In addition , we have had the device more portable by minimizing the size and weight .
For example , our device has many components consisting of a scanner , a speaker , a printer and a recorder .
This allows our product to be multi-functional in contrast with an electric dictionary which has many limitations .
Form this example , we can see that we engineers always think from customers ' point of view and try our best to fulfill their needs .
However , after reviewing all those feedbacks on our official website , we found that the blind also need it .
There is an old saying goes , " Customer is the god .
It is very different from the normal technologies we have , which are resulted from developments aiming to solve specific questions .
They are also different from each other in terms of level of success and how well they cater to solve a problem .
Nonetheless , besides so many differences , they are also similar in the aspects that they are both important and can only be discovered by prepared minds .
The normal technology is found and developed by following certain procedures .
For example , a problem or need is always first identified , and then people start to brainstorm and think of solutions for the problem .
Nevertheless , for technologies found through serendipitous discovery , they show complete randomness .
Hence , the two technologies differ from each other greatly in the ways how they are discovered .
This is just lke what Lawren Block said , the thing one found while looking for something else , usually suited his needs more .
The reason behind this is that serendipitous discoveries cater to solve the problems in more ingenious ways , as they may be the results of some unknown happenings , and they are produced by following some rules of the nature we have yet to gain an understanding of , which are mysterious but also powerful .
As what Louis Pasteur has said , in the arena of observation , opportunities favor only the prepared minds .
When people see some new products or discoveries , especially those close to our daily lives , sometimes they can not help but ask themselves why when they have experienced some similar things , they failed to turn them into innovations or products .
In our daily lives , it is true that we may experience this or that kind of things , but it is only those careful ones , prepared ones , those who always pay more attention to tiny things happening around them and treat things seriously , come up with ingenious discoveries .
One needs to be prepared to identify a potential serendipitous discoveries , as well as to develop a normal technology , so that he does not miss out any important details and gain success in the end .
Thus , we should always be on the lookout , and think more about things around us , always be prepared .
Engineering is a field of specialization where new products are being invent or where old products are being upgrade or modify .
The main processes during an innovations ' design involves identifying the problem , researching of new methodology , development of the new or upgraded product and finally the promoting of sales of the product .
In fact , problems often occur during the two most critical part of the designing process which lies during the research and development section .
The main involvement in the designing process for innovations include modifying and upgrading of existing products .
For example , the improvement of the reverse-osmosis process that creates NEwater and the development of the 'eco-friendly ' vehicles .
These ideas and products had came from other countries and Singapore merely just takes the products and modifies it to suit her own needs .
For an instance , the weapons and equipment used by the Singapore Armed Forces ( SAF ) originated from countries like Germany and the United Kingdom .
Funding and materials are crucial during an engineering design process as trials and equipment are require to gauge and judge the progress and the progress and outcome of a development .
Often , some engineering processes lie within a thin line away of some juristic rules .
These rules and regulations are especially strict in Singapore , as a result engineering are often being restricted by these limitations which could hamper some bold yet useful innovation ideas .
For example , although Singapore are ranked among the first few countries in development of products in Asia , nevertheless engineers in Singapore have to regularly keep track of the new technologies by discussing with their counterpart from leading countries like Japan and the United States of America .
The lack of knowledge prevented engineers in Singapore to come out with brand new ideas for innovations .
this problem can be attributed to the upbringing of Singaporean kids .
Instructions on every single detail are given , as a result , Singapore kids are deprived of the chance to think independently .
As they are brought up in such an environment , they normally will develop a mindset that it will better to follow rules as it will be much more stable and fool-proof rather than trying to think out of the box and create or do something bold .
This is an underlying problem as these kids who will grow up to be engineers will not be able to come out with exciting innovations .
In conclusion , these two main problems basically hamper the research and development area of engineering design process , Singapore engineers could only at the moment upgrade of modifies existing innovations .
A serendipity found is defined as accidently and unexpectedly discovering something fortunate .
One technology that was discovered by serendipity is sound-powered telephone .
Unlike to a serendipity invention , a product or system that is created or developed , not coming from accidents , but through a series of engineering design processes is a research invention , and a technology developed via research is the mobile phone .
Firstly , compare the usages for both the sound-powered telephone and the mobile phone , they are similar in the way that both are used for communications .
However , the ways they are being used are different .
Unlike to a sound-powered telephone , extra functions are included in a mobile phone , providing games , music and camera for use .
Secondly , the sound-powered telephone differs from the mobile phone in power supplies they need .
On the contrary , the mobile phone could not operate without the use of an external power , normally a battery must be included and charged , so that the mobile phone can be switched on .
Thirdly , in terms of communication efficiencies after the connection is established , the mobile phone provides better efficiency than the sound- powered telephone .
Because , on a sound powered phone system , only one person can speak at a time or the signal will become hopelessly garbled , however , a mobile phone system allows both sides to input analog signals into the circuits at the same time .
Lastly , for engineers , design a safe product is a big concern .
The mobile phone emits electromagnetic radiation , which may harm one 's health if using it for long period of time .
In conclusion , both technologies are electronic devices , their main function is the same , that is to provide people a way to communicate .
Although the sound-powered telephone has lesser efficiency than the mobile phone after the connection is established , it functions as emergency communication devices more often than the mobile phone because it does not require external power source in order to operate it .
The mobile phone has more sophisticated structures and theories than the sound-powered telephone , hence , the mobile phone emits harmful radiation to users .
Anyway , both technologies have greatly improved the convenience in communication system in our life .
For the past few centuries , engineers and scientists have been working together , resulting to numerous great discoveries and inventions benefiting mankind in various aspects .
However , as science and technology evolves , they had also brought up numerous problems .
In this essay , I will be focusing on the environmental issues that were brought about by the improvement of science and technology and how can engineering design processes meet the need .
The sudden out-break of these events had caused several negative impacts on Earth .
One of the most prominent examples is global warming , a result due to the existence of greenhouse gases .
Global warming causes the increase of the average temperature of Earth , which results in major problems such as melting ice caps at both poles , rising sea levels , heat waves and depleting ozone layer .
During the golden period of invention of machineries and industrialisation , machines running primarily on fossil fuels emit large quantity of greenhouse gases during incomplete combustion of fuels .
It was only until the late 20th century when the environmentalists discover that the greenhouse gases are harmful and have resulted in adverse conditions on Earth and started countering the pollution .
Kyoto Protocol , a treaty signed among the countries to lower the emission of greenhouse gases to the environment which started in the 1990 's , was quite a success .
Engineers , on the other hand , invented a product called the catalytic converter that helps to convert the harmful gases to gases that is less harmful to our environment before releasing them out to the environment .
This was a better cure to the problem .
Currently , as engineers , we should work on an advance model of catalytic converter , with a higher efficiency and better compatibility with different models of engines which may emit harmful gases .
During the brainstorming stage , engineers should have looked at the product in various angles ; the possibilities of doing harm to the environment while creating and testing the product , the ways to dispose off any toxic or radioactive wastes and the possibility of exploitation of product on immorality purposes .
In conclusion , engineering design processes can meet the need of solving global warming by the improvement of catalytic converter and execution of cautious planning before any other procedures .
However safety has been overlooked or neglected on many occasions and brought harm to its users .
The five main steps are to define the problem , gather information , generate multiple solutions and analyze and select a solution and finally implement .
The first stage of designing a product would to define the problem using three key points .
However , the criteria of success have to be relooked at for a safer product .
A new can opener has to be safe , light , environmentally friendly and low cost .
Statistics research to find out how many are affected , on which part of the user the injuries occur , when do injuries normally occur and who are the affected has to be done to get a better idea of the situation .
Besides that , material research has to be done to understand to what extend can the material harm the user and what are the alternative materials available .
For example , for the lever type can opener is made of cast iron which makes it bulky for users who end up injuring themselves in an effort to use it .
Once all the information has been compounded , the third stage of design process would be to generate multiple solutions .
In design process existing ideas are torn apart to find the fault in them .
As for the rotating wheel , the necessity to pierce the first is a nuisance for users and the butterfly opener produces sharp edges on the lid .
There after , new ideas , tools and methods are combined to propose a new solution .
After the brainstorming and gathering ideas , the fourth and most crucial step of design process would be to analyse and select a solution .
Four main analyses are used for the designing of a safer product .
The third analysis , safety analysis would determine which product has a leading edge over the other products .
The new product has to de void of sharp parts as well as be able to not leave any sharp edges on the lid .
Description of inherent dangers should then be displayed on warning labels .
To make profits market analysis has to be done .
Once the analysing alternative solutions , the most suitable product has to be chosen .
For instance , in this case , the success of safety is twice as important the success of market analysis , a value factor of 20 will be given to safety and 10 to market analysis .
Value factors are assigned on basis of 0 to 100 relative to the importance of other criteria for success .
For example , if a product satisfies the criteria of safety to the maximum it will be given a rating factor of ten and if satisfies the criteria of marketing by only half it is given a rating of 5 .
Substantial knowledge of the product and its users will allow engineers to make an accurate evaluation which involves rating factors and value factors .
The new product for opening cans has these four processes before it is introduced to the market .
One such product in the current market which is safe for opening cans , handy , environmentally friendly and ergonomically stable is the one touch can opener .
It is battery operated and uses a magnet to attach on to the lid and while cutting the edges away using an ultra fine blade .
No effort will go futile if executed in the right direction .
The never ending need of safety to humans is an obligation for engineers of tomorrow to fulfill .
Increased confidence in consumers is seen whenever safety is beefed up for products .
When you go shopping , do you usually see same kind of products which almost have the same functions or even same appearances ?
According to the research done by U.S. Customs and Border Protection , in 2004 the total amount of illegal copying products is 1.39 million and 63 % products come from China .
In China now , huge amount of products do not contain any innovation elements and the manufacturing companies just copy the existing patterns .
As these companies manufacture products which are copied the basic design from others , the product design process is no longer for innovations .
There must be some reasons .
Obviously copying ideas and reducing manufacturing cost should hamper the innovative design process .
Some companies in China usually copy basic ideas from others and make use for themselves .
In recent years , lots of small companies appeared in southern China .
They imitate worldwild famous companies .
For example , some cellphone companies in GuangDong province imitate famous mobile phone such as NOKIA , Apple .
In 2008 , the producing amount of this kind phones is more than 80 million in China .
These phones have the exactly same appearance designs with big companies , even the first time you look at it , you can not identify which are produced by NOKIA and which are copied .
In order to reduce input and gain more benefits , some companies pay very little attention to design process because that design process always cost lots of money .
Therefore , they have to simplify their products or just copy from others .
As a result , design process just follow the privious pattern and no innovation is created during the design process stage .
As mentioned above , innovation design process will be hampered if companies copy ideas from others and reducing manufacturing cost .
It is so important that innovation design should be existing anywhere .
In today 's global competitive market , products ' functionality is not the only thing customers are looking out for .
Products not only must serve its functions but must look good on the surface .
It does not take long for one to realize that products must have its own unique design in order to be relevant in the market .
The remuneration is simply not enough to lure players into the market to product and design their products .
Firstly , foreign goods are often established brands which appeals to the local market .
Secondly , certain goods , especially technological products are much cheaper when imported overseas .
This resulted in the low demand for locally designed products and often discourages engineers to continue in their innovations .
Before the product is implemented , it is important that the product is being tested first .
The lacks of land area to build suitable facilities to test products are an obstruction to engineers .
Since 2004 , the National University of Singapore ( NUS ) , School of Engineering 's Formula Society of Automotive Engineers ( FSAE ) has been building racing cars and representing Singapore in competitions against other universities from other countries .
Beside the lack of facilities , engineers are constrain by the strict regulatory imposed by the Governement .
The team from FSAE could only test- drive their cars within NUS ' compounds and in United States where competitions were held .
The team from FASE will have to seek approval from different agencies which are often very time-consuming .
In conclusion , Engineering Process Design is a comprehensive guide for engineers who have no idea on how to go about designing a new product .
However , in Singapore , engineers will find that they will meet into some problems that may hamper the design process .
For those who successfully designed their products , they are met with another problem the lack of facilities to text their products and the inflexibility of Government 's regulatory .
It can not be denied that some people in certain areas are still struggling around the poverty line , however , most of the citizens of the world believe that our living conditions are becoming better and better .
But behind the prosperity , we are facing some great challenges , or , in another way , some urgent problems which may affect the rise and fall of mankind .
Among those problems , the limitation of resources has raised a lot of concern from our society .
Firstly , scientists and engineers have been focusing using wind and solar power for decades of years .
The most well known examples may be the solar water heater and wind power electrical generator .
To put it more specifically , solar water heater can take place of other kinds of water heaters based one coal gas .
So besides the reasons above , it is also very cheap to use these renewable resources so users can get a lot of economical benefits from that .
Secondly , some of the technologies are still under testing .
These two resources are restricted by the geographical position and climate .
For instance , car is one of the most important transportations in the world ; however , new research has proved that the existing extra petroleum can only be used for another eighty to ninety years .
Engineers are trying to solve the problem that what we shall use after the petroleum run out .
But even engineers have reached certain success ; the solar-powered car they can produce is still far from the standard of civil transports .
Last but not the least ; engineers are trying hard to put their dream in to reality .
They have the plan to build a power house in the air space because it is easier to get more solar energy and convert them in to electricity in a better efficiency .
With their great efforts I will not be surprised to see a total different world in the future .
So to sum up , we have a bright future for renewable resources and problem of limited resources will worry people no more .
" Is this statement a false preposition or a reality that has yet come true ?
Natural resources around the world has been depleting at an alarming rate which has led to numerous debates and interventions by environmentalists , in a bid to reduce the amount of resources extracted and employed by mankind .
One such example is the purification of water to make it portable .
According to statistical figures from a United Nations Organisation ( UN ) publication , the global population consumes approximately 3000 kilometric of water daily .
As a result , there is an increasing need for newer , greener and more cost-effective purification methods so as to provide massive amounts of clean and affordable drinking water for all parts of the world especially in less-developed countries .
For example in Singapore , the government identifies that she has to be more self-reliant and self-dependent on her water supplies so as to mitigate any difficulties faced in times of contingency and emergency .
As such , large emphasis and investments have been vested into this initiative since then .
Hence , this example has shown that through the proper implementation of engineering design framework and application of modern technology , the current human need of securing clean and cheap drinking water can be achieved with a high degree of success .
As a result , both human and technology has an important role to play in the quest of satisfying human needs .
According to Rogers , E. M , writer of " Diffusion of innovations " , in general , there are six stages of innovation-development process .
Some of them are determined by the technology perspective or social factors , whereas some includes government involvement .
One important technology that Rogers mentioned is the innovation of refrigerator in 1930 for electric and gas refrigerators .
When people do a comparison on both types , latter has a better advantage on the first and they were expecting for the gas refrigerator .
But it did not captured in the consumer market .
The main reason for this is because of the investment , consideration and decision made by the corporations involved in this project .
They believed that they would make more profits from electric refrigerator and thus market it to the public .
As a result , it turns out that technology in electric refrigerator is available to the consumer in stead of the consumer choice .
Another example on social problem lead to government involvement and scientist is the safety issue with automobile in the United States .
In 1960 , the annual fatality due to vehicle reached 50,000 that drew the government attention of the safety issue on the transport system .
Survey conducted between the specialized researchers and public 's view of the traffic safety problem .
It was found out that the research team did n't agree with the public view and claimed that it was individual-blame perspective .
As a conclusion from conductive researchers , professors , government officials and insurance company executives , the research on safety measure became due to system-blame perspective and thus redesigned auto vehicles and restructured highways .
As a consequence for above both cases , the technology did not become the way the consumers expect and the solution for solving social problem was redirected .
Most of them will be varied along the process due to several factors and thus lead to different type of innovation .
From my point of view , no matter on the sequence of innovation-development process , as long as there is a new invention , it is invented to benefit all the mankind .
Technology has improved so rapidly in the past century that men have threaded into outer space , harvest enormous amounts of energy from minute quantities of nuclear material , and yet there still exists the problem of food shortage .
Like what Seyyed Khandani said , " You start with existing solutions to the problem and then tear them apart-find out what is wrong with those solutions and focus on how to improve their weaknesses " ( 11 ) .
By constantly improving on the process of gene modification , it can be improved to the extent of meeting the strict requirements for human consumption .
Engineering design processes also involve branching into different areas of study and combining existing technology to create new ones .
Seyyed Khandani mentioned about a process called synthesis , which is to integrate ideas , equipment and processes to create new solutions ( 11 ) .
In spite of the increase of research and development in recent years , there is still a significant amount of discoveries and innovation are still been made by people outside of laboratories .
These kind of unconventional environments are commonly referred to as skunkwords environment .
However , we would define it more broadly to include all researches done without the aid of external aid .
As mentioned by E.M. Rogers in his article The Birth of the Laptop Computer at Toshiba , Tetsuya Mizoguchi ,who came up with the idea of developing a mobile computer , had to went " underground " after his proposal was rejected by his superiors .
As his idea was unconventional , his company did not want to allocate resources into this unknown territory .
In order continue his research , he secretly used money from his company and transferred engineers from other projects to carry out his research .
After 2 years of research , they created their first prototype that progress to change how the use of computers around the world .
Indeed , the huge impact brought about by Mizoguchi is shown by IDC 's forecast which says laptops would represent 66 percent of corporate purchases , with 71 percent of consumers opting for a notebook instead of a tower by 2011 .
Also , care were taken to ensure all the of the water treatment procedures are widely acceptable .
Although it has resulted in a sounding success , the technology has not been widely implemented due to patents of the technology being filed by the parent companies .
For example , the engineers of General Motor 's ( GM ) R&D unit in Detroit were able to create astatically pleasing and highly efficient automobile that runs entirely on battery power ( Rogers 2003 ) .
Similarly , bio fuel studies made by independently by many researchers found that it could be used to replace fossil fuels .
One of the techniques involves developing fast-growing trees that can grow to size in just 10 years to generate the bio fuel .
In conclusion , in spite of the various inherent differences of conventionally generated technologies and innovations from skunkworks , such as revolutionary or conservative , both share various similarities such as providing possible but not definite solutions to our problems .
It is by complementing each way of research 's advantages that we may is able to discover ways to solve future problems .
The Innovation-Development Process , as defined by E.M. Rogers , essentially 'consist of all the decision , activities and their impacts that occur from recognition of a need or a problem through research , development and commercialization of an innovation ' ( Rogers 2003 , The generation of innovation ) .
This process is further broken down into 2 perspective , technologically or socially determinist .
It allowed user to 'see ' each other as they talk .
Firstly , the picture phone aims to allow both users on the phone to feel closer to one another , as they can now see each other over the phone .
However , it was this very concept which backfires , as users of the phone felt privacy intrusion to their way of life .
It was way more expensive to own and upkeep such a phone , and even with the monetary ability to own such a machine , technology at that time did not allow for a smooth transmission of data to the phone , as pictures were transmitted once every 2 seconds .
This generally played a part in the declined in product demand in the market and hence less consumers are willing to fork out the money for the phone .
) in the 1960s , when majority of the world 's super power are still in the production and manufacturing industry .
It was only until 1990s that government across the world pour in vast amount of resources into researching faster and better broadband networks , which in turn saw some sharpest rise in broadband speed and decline in cost of becoming a broadband user .
In a broad sense , the shift of governmental focus has allowed for the booming of video calls function as it is now much affordable .
Concluding the above , the world today are better equipped with the relevant infrastructure and network to facilitate the use of such a device , a 'picture phone' .
This spin off effect from such development has proved to us that social determinants have definitely been playing a huge role on moulding the development of our technology .
Humankind has been inventing more effective and useful equipments by applying advanced techniques .
For example , since the first airplane successfully flew in the sky , people have been master of the theory of flying which makes the dream that people can fly come true .
Then , in the following years , many better planes are produced to satisfy people 's requirement .
Generally speaking , intended research to pursue development is similar with serendipitous discovery in terms of the aim and contribution to the human society .
First of all , the aim of technology which was developed with research is to explore some useful things and attempt to reach the unknown scientific area in order to solve the problems in real world .
For example , people spend a great amount of money to reach Mars to explore the mysterious outer space even though the probability to help make improvement for the Earth is low .
Similarly , the serendipitous is the effect by which one accidentally discovers something fortunate , especially while looking for something entirely different .
Hence , the result of serendipitous also helps explore the unknown things and places .
In addition , both of technology that was discovered by research and serendipitous discovery contribute to the human society .
Specifically , the majority of technological innovations are developed by scientific research which based on knowledge , research and application in practice .
In order to make achievement , it requires a lot of work to do thus it would take a long time .
On the contrast , serendipitous discovery seems very fortunate because people receive unexpected things which are always beneficial for human society .
For example , Sir Alexander Fleming discovered the first antibioticpenicillin when he was doing research on the biological materials occasionally .
Similarly , DDT was also discovered by accident in the 1930s , when a Swiss chemist , Paul Muller , was trying to find a way to protect wool clothes against moths .
In conclusion , people always try their best to make inventions to solve problems encounter in real world .
Keep doing research on different scientific area is one main aspect to discover what humankind desire .
Both fulfill useful function in human society .
Truly speaking , people may prefer to serendipitous discovery for its convenient , fortunate as well as the same award , whereas it is more difficult to achieve .
Comparison and contrast of two technologies innovated in these two different ways gives us many interesting features of innovations to ponder about .
A classical example for a technology invented serendipitously is the discovery of Warfarin , the most effective rat poison in world .
In due time , it was found that the cattle herd were dying rapidly .
When the cattle blood was analyzed in the lab a hemorrhaging agent called Coumarin was isolated .
Further experiments and tests helped the bioscientists to discover the beneficial effects of this agent for surgeries and other purposes .
In this case , the issue gained high priority in the Congress , thanks to the help of Ralph Nader 's " Unsafe at Any speeds " .
Every detail of the bill passed was carefully constructed keeping in mind the status quo .
However in the case of the serendipitous innovations there is no exact driving force .
Set of experiments accidentally yield results which prove to be significant .
Who could have thought that an apple would be enough for a man to develop the concept of mechanics and gravitation ?
But today without them our survival seems questionable .
Engineers have been designing products or systems to improve the everyday life .
Constantly , the process has developed new technology that helped to solve problems to human like making travel to countries faster and comfortable by planes .
That problem is to make drinkable fresh water to everyone in the third world countries .
Engineering process involves defining the problem , gathering pertinent information , generating multiple solutions , analyzing and selecting solution and test and implements the solution as quoted from Khandani .
Water covers 71 % of the earth surface and water from ocean take up 97 % from total percentage of surface water .
( Wikipedia ) Even though water seemed to be everywhere , only a very small percentage of water is drinkable to the global population .
There are also many places in the third world countries where drinkable water is not available due to lack of rain fall and pollution in the water sources .
Third world countries ' government knows that there is a need to solve water shortage problem .
However , developing new and clean water technology needs large amount of money .
This money can be put to better use like getting medications for their people .
Another possible reason for the problem to be existed could be pollution from industries .
Inland water sources are being polluted by factories which dump chemical waste products into the water sources which make the water source not fit for usage .
Since inland water sources are being polluted and not fit for drinking , Ocean which covers a large area on earth is another possible option .
In order to make the extracted water to be fit for drinking water standard set by World Health organization ( WHO ) , engineers will include a process that add nutrients into it .
However , this solution can only help to solve the problem in the long run if only the water catchment areas are free from pollutions .
The result might not be an immediate effect as it takes time for natural rain fall to fill up the reservoirs .
Lastly , Engineers can do some testing on desalinating seawater into drinkable water after they have drafted out a cheap and affordable desalination process for the third world countries to purchase .
The results from the testing will be sent to WHO for approval to desalination plant to be build for producing drinkable water in the area .
If the technology is newer than the previous old desalination process , the engineers might able to get it patent so the price for this new technology will be affordable to everyone .
This process is able to apply in producing clean water from seawater which helps solve water shortage problems in certain countries .
The process able to identify the problem , understand why it is still not solved , produce solutions to it and getting it work in an engineering way .
Automobile vehicles played an important role in this modern world as human rely heavily on it as a main type of transport for travelling .
Firstly , the raise of the automobile industry started as early as the nineteen centuries and the First World War acts as a catalyst to speed up the research and development processes of automobile vehicles .
This is so as during the war , there is a raise in demand for automobile vehicles to transport soldiers and supplies to front line .
It is also used for combat purposes .
Funding and incentives were given to companies to improve automobile technology as whichever countries with the more advance technologies have a higher chance of winning the war .
Secondly , the developments of automobiles vehicles are encouraged and limited by government policies and regulations .
Most places are accessible by roads , this in term boast the sales of automobiles and with the increase in sales .
With the raising sales of cars , consumers will have more demands ; manufacturers will spend more money in research and development so as to give their customers more choices .
Besides constructing roads , governments give tax rebates to companies that are heavily involves in research and development projects .
Speed limits and safety regulation set by governments are also factors to be considered when designing and developing new technologies .
Automobiles manufacturers take advantage of these situations and limitations to evolve their products technologies to another level .
Finally , all the research and developments of technology depend on economic factor .
This is so as no investor would be willing to fund a project that does not make money .
Hence , when engineers make improvements to enhance the technologies aspect of automobile vehicles , they have to consider the interest of the company .
The technical aspects of car depend heavily on production cost .
Hence technology is actually a product of society and is influenced by the norms and values of the social system .
The biggest priorities of companies were to ensure that projects that they are involved have great profit potential .
Toshiba is the first brand to have laptop known by many people .
But did you ever know that the invention of laptop is not support by the top executives of Toshiba at that time .
Indeed , there are always some innovations were created in a skunk works environment .
However , many other innovations are created in a conventionally generated environment .
The first example is the engineer of Toshiba who wanted to create a laptop ( pp.144- 146 Rogers , ( 2003 ) ) .
Although he discovered the eagerly need of smaller and portable computer in Japan .
However , at that time , Toshiba 's marketing situation was not good and the company did not want to risk for a new concept of product .
Fortunately , our hero Mizoguchi did not give up .
Otherwise , our laptop may not be as good as now .
Moreover , he diverted funds and found engineers himself to fulfill his idea of creating laptop .
The good thing is that after all his hard work , he finally proven to Toshiba that his invention very useful and sells very good .
After that , he became one of the chief of Toshiba .
On the other hand , for a conventionally generated technology , like the development of electric cars in California and Arizona , it is regulated by government ( Rogers , ( 2003 ) pp .
Company had to do research on how to manufacture it and make it be loved by consumers .
Although the whole process of making the car is very tough , the engineers were supported by company , government , and society all the way .
After briefly know the cases of both situations , differences of them come first .
The first difference is that engineers worked in a skunk words environment did not have much support from public or organizations , while conventionally generated technology received a lot of help from society and company .
The second difference between these two cases is that the idea of innovate laptop was come out with the inventor himself while the electric car issue is a requirement by government .
This different may not be necessary , but it is quite obvious that people in skunk words environment are more likely for their own ideas .
First and the most important one is that those innovations all promoted development of the society .
Secondly , no matter how much help they had received , they all do their best to present their best works .
No matter what difficulty they have faced , they did their best to deal with it and finally solve it .
In conclusion , the first differences between a skunk works environment and a conventionally generated environment are the differences between financial , technology , equipment , resource and people 's attitude towards them .
The second difference the source of the idea .
The similarities are those innovations all promoted the development of society and they do their best for the creation of their product and dream .
In Singapore , innovations in engineering design had been in the cold when compared to leading countries like Germany or Japan .
From my opinion , I can identify two problems that lead to this situation : Our education structure as well as the shallow engineering heritage that we have .
Firstly , the education structure in Singapore is too structured and does not promote the creativity of students .
Majority of our Singaporean kids will go through primary school and graduate with a PSLE certificate ; follow up with a Secondary school education in either the express , normal academic or normal technical stream .
This streaming system ; however , was largely based on the students ' abilities to cope with the standard subjects on language , math , science and humanities instead of the interest of the students in terms of arts , science or other humanities like literature .
In their eyes , creative students who want to make it into the art streams were just rotten apples who could n't do well in their standard subjects .
As a result , creativity which is the key to innovation is n't developed since young for many Singaporeans .
Aside from having tons of labor intensive industries during the 1970s , our focus of engineering was more towards money making opportunities rather than research and development .
Germany is famous for their innovative and precise engineering in their automotive industries since the 1920s .
Japan on the other hand , is famous for their creative and remarkable ideas for anything that they manufacture .
Singapore ; however , is famous for our clean and green country , which was basically the work of blue-collared workers cleaning up the streets during the wee-hours .
Singapore 's emphasis on commercial gains rather than innovations was largely influenced by the fact that we were a trading hub since British 's rule .
Chinese Merchants , Indian Spice traders and Malay Rubber traders involved in the trading market were the backbone of our country 's growth .
Our innovations came in the way that they do business instead .
In conclusion , if we are able to solve the education structure problem , it will still take a few more generations of Singaporeans before we can start to see results for our engineering innovations .
We will then be able to catch up to countries like Germany or Japan and be labeled as a country with innovative engineering .
The gas refrigerator uses and ammonia refrigerant which is vaporized by heating with a gas flame .
They apply the complicated theories and knowledge into practice to benefit our life .
Although my home country , China , has been developing very fast and achieved tremendous success since the implement of open and reform policy , especially in the field of engineering design processes of innovations , there are still a lot of problems or obstacles lying on the way to further success .
In my home country , a large number of great ideas or inventions are made almost every day , but few of them are made into practice and benefit us .
They just repeat what other has done before , and have little idea what innovation is about .
Although the government is try to improve it , so far the result is not satisfied .
In a nutshell , the two main problems what hamper the engineering design processes for Innovation in my home country are corruption , which will probably kill the innovation on the process of execution , and education , which makes the youth less creative that their peers in other countries .
Have you ever observed your surroundings , for examples telephones , computers , fans , iPods etc. Those are all came into being through the creative application of technology , and do not appear from nowhere .
Majority of the engineering designs are categorized as inventions-devices or systems , it does n't exist before or are the improvements over existing devices or systems .
The solution to the design problem requires step-by step methodology , and normally the activity is often an iterative process .
Next I will illustrate more in details how engineering design processes can meet that need by using one of a current human need that should be given priority - Eco Car .
We all know that the vehicles are running by the petroleum fuel , because of the rapidly increasing of the petroleum prices due to lacking of the material , and it is predicted will running out in few decades , this issue lead us to look for a new material to replace petroleum has become enthusiastic among the engineering fields .
Collecting information is the next thing we are focusing .
In this stage , develop a problem statement is necessary .
We should keep asking ourselves for questions , in order to discover mistakes and false and also to help in redefinition of the problem , such as : is the hydrogen is only the material we need to consider ?
When come to analyze and select solution , here we need to decide which solution is the best suited for implementation to the problem .
Even thought it meets all the criteria but fail at one of them , it is still consider failure .
Besides that , economic and market analysis , to analyze how people feel in this Eco car , are they willing to pay for a car the top speed has only 40km/h ? Lastly is the decision making and give rating to each design alternative against the stated criteria .
There are several considerations have to be taken part , such as prototyping , concurrent engineering and the distinct activities that might happen during implementation like , documentation , applying for patents .
Because without having a proper testing at all stages in the process , you may find yourself into trouble later on .
Design activity is cyclic and iterative , it will continually repeating to the five step processes , until the best design has appeared .
Pursing patents are not easy as they will take long period of time to process , requiring large amount of money .
Things that people had never imagined 2 centuries ago have become a formality nowadays .
We will discuss about computer technology compared to the discovery of penicillin which is a serendipitous discovery .
This fact illustrates that not only the discovery has to be success but also it has to be accepted by society .
In the end , a serendipitous discovery will be just as good as a technology discovered by research as long as it serves the purpose of contributing to the society and making lives better .
After brainstorming all the possible solutions , solar energy stands out to be the best solution .
However , one problem that may hinder this invention is the use of costly equipments and the selection of the wrong peak sunshine data .
The education issue also involve the cost of schooling , " Even when schooling is ostensibly 'free ' studies have shown that parents incur other direct costs such as activity fees , uniforms , paper and pens ( including texts and excise books ) , transport , lunches , expenses for boarding and others which often result in the exclusion of poor children from school " ( Chimombo , 2005 ) .
Specifically , two problems from social and technological aspect are emphatic .
Under such an stressful circumstance , students learn knowledge only for examinations .
Therefore , most students neglect practicing their capacity of learning , communication skills , using logical method to get information , and so forth .
However , only minority of the experts can make efforts on design process in China .
First and foremost , education system in China is not conducive enough to cultivate students ' ability of innovation .
This caused the shortage of talents on both quantity and quality .
Moreover , to create a new product need the cooperation of many people .
From ice age until this modern world of technology , many inventions and innovations have been made so as to suit our lifestyle .
However , in my home country- Malaysia , there is some obstacles that hold back engineering design processes for innovation .
Eventually , all the products such as computer software are more or less have the same functions , it is just that return on investment in product development would be far higher if multiple versions or multiple products were taken into account .
This problem causes us fail to recognize the opportunity to convert resources optimally so as to meet our objective , which is to meet desired needs of the public .
But the most important reason is , when engineers do not investigate a reusable product , they will eventually creating the same structural product without improving its properties .
Unfortunately , these expertises tend to work in other countries instead of staying back after graduation .
This is because foreign companies willing to offer them higher position and satisfying salary compare to local companies .
Lack of human resources brings great impact on our country 's economic growth .
Hence , current economic model for one off development and limitation of human resources should not be obstacles for our country 's progress .
The scheme would provide advices on how a green building should be built and what additional features should be included .
All these guidelines will save electricity wastage and reduce environmental impact as well .
For example , although the air conditioning system in a library can not be switched off at night due to the moisture content in the atmosphere , they can be set to a higher temperature or partial of the units can be switched off automatically at night .
Other than dedicating land area for greens , gardens can also be built on the balconies , outer facade and even the roof of buildings !
To sum up , there should be gardens in every town and park in every estate to allow a good ratio of renewing air supply in the atmosphere .
Nowadays , the living standard of human has been improved due to the changes in time .
Therefore , the requirement of people to the technology is enhanced .
In my home country , I feel that the 2 main problems that affect the engineering design processes for innovation hampered are the lack of government support in engineering innovative design area and social problem .
Some may seek for other solution such as for those who can afford big sum of education fee will go oversea for better education , and work there , as there have more exposure and opportunity to explore in designing area .
Whereas for those who could not afford to study in oversea for higher education , may end up in give up their ambition .
Besides that , the export rate of Malaysia 's product would also be heavily affected , such as the automobile sector , as it would slowly be outclassed by other innovative products from other country .
With this , if nothing has been done to solve it , in future the engineering sector in Malaysia would be seriously affected , compare to other more advance country .
Technology is the power to make one country strong .
Since then , it became a big task to implementing the strategy of putting a lot of efforts in technological advancement .
In this paper , I will discuss on two basic causes : education problem and economy problems , and explain the effects these two problems cause .
First , education is a big issue that government should improve to make citizens more talented and creative .
Overall saying , the productively level in China is not high , and the socialist market economy has established initially .
Comparing to some developed countries which have advantage in economic scientific , we will suffer more predictable and unpredictable risk .
Government should advocate the education for all-round development to all the schools , and put more money into scientific development .
Being country with a relatively small market dominated by large companies and a low spending consumer base , it is extremely difficult for new products to penetrate into the market and capture consumer attention without insufficient financing .
However , there has been a lack of government support to such projects mainly due to defense expenses .
The second reason that I feel makes it difficult for new engineering innovations to be successful is due to large number of professionally qualified Sri Lankans migrating to other countries .
The workers they have dismissed not just only the operators , part of them are research engineers .
In addition , to lower their expenses they even temporary suspend all the research and develop process .
The employee may think research and develop is a costly investment and a lot of uncertainty process .
Second problem that hampers engineering design in Malaysia is lack of technology systems .
Most of the waste gases are contain a lot unhealthy chemical compounds that harm for human body and pollute the air quality .
As a result , their factories were not allowed to continue all the manufacture process .
They need wait for few months to few years to import the new system form other country to continue the research process .
Due to the lack in fund , there is money to hire research engineering , research equipment and materials on experiment .
In addition , lack in fund also will affect the initial stage identify the need of the consumers there is no fund for conduct survey .
Beside the effect on financial problem , outdated technology systems used in Malaysia also will cause the research process either defer for a long period or stuck there .
Ever wondered why some brilliant engineering creations are not as involve in our life compared to creation like the microwave oven ?
The microwave oven changed our way of living for a better , providing us with so much convenience , with just a click of a button plus a considerably short waiting time , we could stir up a dish with no mess and no hassle .
Next up , solar cells are what make up the solar panel and it is not surprising that this new technology is of high market value .
To add on , solar cells are of delicate piece of engineering , environmental pollutions can degrade the solar cells and the lifespan of these cells are of no better , they can be very random from few months due to loose connections or two decades if properly taken care of .
The road systems in many villages and cities in India are either incomplete or done with dissatisfaction .
Innocent people & children get hurt in the riots and even cause death .
Public can not get better living standard because of political corruption & political parties as they stop the engineer 's projects & ideas for better living lifestyle .
Disapproval of ideas due to fiscal reasons is one of the problems .
Firstly , the problem of the system of education is always existing as an obstacle for many aspects , especially in Engineering where creativity and innovation should be privileged , where the personal and original opinion should be highly respected , that is why we have to analyze to its core .
" ( MYE forum , 08/06/2006 , para.1 ) .The quality of infra-structure and education serving tools are that low , same goes for the quality of teaching , but the main point here is the ones who have the right to change and improve that entire thing hardly taking a concern .
Besides , the statistics shows no reduction in the number of times a company in Viet Nam has to pay taxes , which can reach up to 32 times per year ( Tri Duong , GeographyIQ , cited in PHP news in Viet Nam 2009 , para.10 ) .
In addition , the weak in governmental management is also reflected in the brain-drain problem of Viet Nam .
From all the analyses above , we could see through the direct causes which influence the engineering design processes and innovations are the weakness in the administration of education system and governmental structure .
Some people find it difficult to do so and interestingly enough , they even took courses to learn to be creative .
Little did these people know that they are already embedded with this ability ever since they were born .
If they were to think like a Singaporean , it would be unlikely that we have airbus flying in our skies .
Undoubtedly , China has emerged as the world 's technological and industrial giant since the last two decades .
As a result , without promoting and inculcating the significance of being creative , engineering design processes are hampered at the beginning stage .
Even if the passionate engineers get together and plan to launch a project , it is very difficult to get sponsorship .
Moreover , there is also lack of role models for young engineers in China .
The first problem , as I take to believe , would be our lack of experience and development in engineering and innovation .
While such mindsets ensure a relatively stable life for us and our families , it promotes contentment and impedes self-improvement .
These problems comprise of , insufficient funds , insufficient resources , design may not be aesthetically pleasing to be selected and copyright infringement .
Of these four identified problems , I would highlight two of them and the effects that they had on certain stages of the process .
Lacking in funds can lead to the disruption of the progress of an engineering design process .
The impacts that each problems had , can affect gravely on the progress of the engineering innovative design and they should be well- planned .
During innovation development process , there are two groups of people ; they are technological determinism and social determinism .
The development of telephone tells us that socially determined rather than society being technologically determined .
Among these problems , the two major problems are financial problem and technical problem .
Moreover , it costs a lot to build modern working environment and high-tech facilities .
Education system in Malaysia show too little concern for the engineering design academia .
People lack of knowledge and information in engineering design , thus they are not able to deal with current and future practical problems .
On the other hand , Malaysia lack of skillful labor and this has resulted in an inefficient production of creative innovations .
Next step of defining the problem involves developing a problem statement which allows us to specifically address and successfully meet the need to have sufficient food .
Well , technologies are there to supposedly improve our way of life .
Smaller companies were unable to match these giants and thus remain stagnant .
With lack of advertising , their products were poorly accepted in the market .
Besides companies being influenced by potential profitability and having gained access to better funding , social factors also played a part .
These coolants are not use by electric refrigerators .
In this new era of globalization , we must not deny the importance of implementation of design into engineering problem solving processes .
These two are strongly related and without designing mind , engineers definitely could not solve a problem based on engineering knowledge .
Nowadays , people are having a misconception that design is just simply the planning that lays the physical shape and pattern of every object or system .
But the truth is that engineering design is the decision-mailing process , in which the basic sciences , mathematics , and engineering sciences are applied to convert resources optimally to meet a stated objective .
For instance , in designing a car , internal combustion engine are specifically configured to work optimally and therefore the design of components such as cooling system and piston engine valves should be taken into consideration .
However , in our very own country , Malaysia , some problems have arisen in which significantly hamper the engineering design processes for innovation and these have resulted in severe impact on certain stages of the process .
The most common factor which contributes to the failing of the process is the insufficient fund provided to complete the whole process and by means , the process includes definition of problems , narrowing of research , finding of several alternative solutions , determination of the most possible solution and lastly the making of decision .
If no fund is provided , such process could not be completed .
This could be explained because in order to determine the most possible solution in engineering design process , we have to conduct many experiments and these experiments require materials in which money must be injected into the project .
However the selling of their cars simply could not bypass the sales of other imported cars such Honda and Mitshibitsu .
This is simply due to the fact that it is not efficient and well designed enough to compete among all car retailers , which is the cruel truth that recognised by every Malaysians .
Based on the fact it reflects the insufficient investment by Proton 's shareholder in Malaysia compared to total equity owned by big corporation .
With the money big corporation possesses , they are able to conduct Research and Development of their own product and at last launch out the product which is efficient and generates greater revenue compared to other smaller competitors .
Another root problem that hampers engineering design process is the lack of education to engineers about engineering design knowledge during their tertiary education .
Knowledge taught during lecture is not enough to develop student to think creatively and determine alternative solutions from problems arisen .
Furthermore there is none or simply only a few research laboratories are set up in campus to encourage undergraduates to determine problems generated themselves during experiment .
Therefore exposure to definition of problems is not greater enough to let students to find other possible problems by themselves .
In conclusion , engineering design process is important to meet complex challenges in the world such as global warming and all types of pollution .
Fund must be injected to project in order to execute the process .
Lastly , education system must be reviewed in order to solve such challenges and bring us a new generation of engineers who are able to devise innovations guided by the perspectives of a true designer .
On the other hand , they swicth their attention to production mode which involves much technological innovation .
But , I would like to unveil two essential factors , which are the managerial problem of state-run entrepreneurs and the lack of intellectual property protection .
Regarding to the first problem , it is of high importance that we investigate the background of leaders in state-run entrepreneurs .
The leaders are directly appointed by central government .
Interestingly , the criteria is not about how well marketing experience or managerial ability the person has .
Thus , many importance positions in an entrepreneur belong to government officers , which as a result , makes the entrepreneur like government .
In addition to the problem of leadership in state-run entrepreneurs , the problem created by the monopolistic status of state-run entrepreneurs also can not be neglected .
As far as I am concerned , monopolism is prevailed among state-run companies .
In this way , they are not subject to fierce competition in a markect .
The consequence is that a large number of the employees treats theirs jobs as " iron rice bowl " , which means a job is secure .
There is no worry for being kicked out due to laziness .
In this way , the whole company corrupts and becomes obsolete .
With regard to the next problem , the protection of law and the raise of public awareness must come into play .
Moreover , the law enforcement is still weak and the punishment for violating the law is not severe enough .
In addition , there are many cases about stealing of innovations or some famous brands .
For example , even though the brand " Qsing Dao " beer was set up in China , it was an American businessman who first register the brand .
The hardworking of the company for so many years was all gone , which is devastating to innovation of engineering design .
In conclusion , the factors that hamper the innovation of engineering design come from both inside and ouside of the entrepreneurs in China .
We have to understand the system as a whole and not looking only at one aspect of the system to try to understand it .
In the past , the solar energy is not readily accepted because of its technical challenges such as , weight of the integrated chip , expensive research , lack of technology know how , shortage of device as some devices need to imported .
However , it is safer , cleaner and considered more environments friendly .
With the increasing of oil prices , there are many technologies have been created to solve the climbing of black gold .
The discoveries and the development of solar technology have become an agenda in most country .
Governments have been encouraging and giving away incentive to company to develop the alternative energy efficient products like solar technology .
However , when the oil prices drop , government and company slowly stop to pursue the alternative as they can continue their business with cheaper oil .
With cheaper oil , companies reduce research fund on innovation and development .
Company has been trying to get the market share by pricing their solar cell at extremely low price .
In order to survive , another company cut their price for the same technology product .
In the cut throat competition , less revenue is generated and less fund is put to the research .
These will slow the development of solar technology and the innovation of it .
Large company will monopolize the market .
They will suppress new technologies and only start on research and development on alternatives under government pressure .
In addition , some company has created solar technology advancement on military weapon and working greatly with the governments .
These technologies are for military demand and do n't bring any improvement to life .
AIDS is the most horrible disease that spreads across the continent of Africa , affecting millions of people , most of who are undereducated and still struggling below poverty line .
At that point , Trevor Baylis came up with the idea of wind-up radio , making idea of broadcasting education possible .
Intertwined with the social issue of AIDS , the economical situation also hurdled the idea of using broadcast to educate people .
Different from other continents in the world , many people in Africa are still struggling for food , having no access to electricity .
In this case , engineers were challenged to design a special kind of radio that would not need to plug in sockets or batteries for electricity .
Putting aside the original social objective and economical constraints , designing the wind-up radio also required to solve several practical technical problems .
First , the charging up process should be stable enough to avoid damage to the components of the radio .
Second , the output current must be very stable and enduring for avoiding distortion of the signals .
Through the invention of wind-up radio , it is clearly shown that engineering is not all about solving technical problems .
During the process of conceiving and designing a new engineering product , it is very like that many social and economical factors would eventually become the shaping or determining force .
The two issues I feel are the most important are in terms of economic and technical challenges .
As a result , people will tend to think twice before they decide to purchase the products .
The economy downturn also prevents consumers from buying things that they think are not essential .
Manufacturing industry suffers the most from this recession .
They do not mind the products for not being able to perform as good as the original .
As a result , the products may not last long enough and have to change it quite regularly .
Technical challenges will need to consider the demands of the consumers .
We must also cater the needs to the different age group .
For example , hand phones , computers , mp3 and cameras have make communication between people in a distant more easily simply just by a click or a press in the button .
Information and data can be transmitted easily by the use of internet .
We also need to consider the commercialization of the products .
As a result , engineers will be forced to come up the modification of the products in a short period of time .
For example , hand phones nowadays are prone to defect when it is accidentally drop on the floor .
Firstly , in China , the designing and innovating process are always hampered by some political factors .
Therefore , academic institutions are difficult to escape from acting like a government department .
So when selection processing , the academic achievement of candidate is not the priority to be considered but their loyalty to the party .
Therefore , in some institutes , the head tends to know nothing or have little knowledge upon the field which he is in charge of , which will certainly misguide the research directions and disturb the atmosphere of researching and studying .
Further , the rules of regulating institutes are mandated in a dogmatic and quantized way .
All the boffins are required to attain some academic objections per year .
For example , they need to apply and get a project of how much money per year , or how many essays they should publish in public scientific journals , and so on .
However , in such a short term , there seems to be impossible to discover significant results .
Hence , many researcher have to 'make up ' essays on their own sake , or simply plagiarize other 's works .
In addition , in most of institutes , the funds of science are given by seniority .
As for some young but creative engineers or scientists , it may be very hard for them to get financial support to carry on their own researches , which will stifle their creativity and make them have no place to fulfill their potentials .
What is worse , in china , nearly all the people have formed a habit of buying pirated discs and illegal downloading from the Internet .
From a research by BSA , about 93 % software used in china are prated , which costs 3.6billion dollars loss every year .
Moreover , the protection is also inadequacy in terms of patent .
According to the statistical figures , about 30 percent of patents are illegally used without authorized .
According to China 's law , it will take about 3 years to finish the lawsuit ; and it will consume more time and money to execute the verdict after they win the case , especially for most of trespassers , who are usually in small business or manufacture their illegal stuffs in a family workshop , it is even harder to trace and penalize them .
On sake of the High GDP index , the government sometimes only cares about how many investments they can attract from overseas and other places ; And Most of enterprises in china only focus on manufacturing , processing , and exporting goods .
What they need do is just transferring the raw materials to finished goods .
So it is no need for them to invest a multitude of money to establish research and development groups to design or invent new technologies and sciences .
At the same time , they also assert that designs and innovations are not their business but things cared by some leading firms in US or other countries instead of China whose enterprise not only lack of funds but also core technology .
And now most of the enterprises are quite satisfied with this economic increasing mode and think that it is no necessary to change the industrial structures .
So in this way , the impulsion for designing and processing innovations has been greatly encumbered .
Among the shortcomings , the lack of engineering design progresses for innovation is serious and the two significant obstacles are the bad environment for reach and the brain drain problem .
The environment for research is bad in China is because at first , there is not enough capital given to do researches .
Without enough capital , how can researchers buy the necessary equipments and do the necessary experiments to make science and engineering progresses !
Another fact is that the talent in China waste a lot of time doing things that irrelevant to research .
One significant phenomenon is that the doctors , masters and graduate students in university call their tutors 'boss ' , which is because instead of teaching them new knowledge or doing researches , tutors often ask students do tasks from companies to make money .
Because of the good treatment of administration jobs , a lot of talented scientists and engineers waste time competing to get them , leaving the research jobs behind .
To move the distractions , it needs to apply certain regulars to retain the talent in their positions and also , improve the treatment of research jobs .
We Chinese should work hard together to make China strong and we would grad to see that one day , the logo of 'make in China ' can change to 'create in China' .
Engineering design process flows through these stages of defining the problem , gathering information , generating multiple solutions , analyzing and selecting a solution and finally testing and implementing of solution .
This problem leads to the lost of precious time that could be put to good use and it also affects the progression of work and major projects .
With this lost of precious time , we often have to make use of extra time to make up for the time lost in traffic congestion .
Secondly is the generating of multiple relating solutions , analyzing and selecting of a suitable solution .
Although there are radio stations to report on traffic congestion , however some drivers may not tune into radio stations or may not know of other alternative ways to redirect their paths .
This results in accumulating the length of traffic congestions as the numbers of cars keeps piling up after it occurs .
This solution of indication can prove to be very useful , when an accident or traffic congestion occur .
Signboards that are in area of traffic congestion and other possible affected areas would be updated and give suggestion to the drivers to redirect them away from the traffic congestion .
Lastly is the testing and implementing of solution .
With this idea of solution , I would build a 3D replica of this system to test on the effectiveness of the reducing traffic congestion .
It is veracity that engineers are those who are playing crucial role in the society while the world is expanding unremittingly .
They utilize their knowledge to come out with new innovations which will give a fresh impetus to enhance the development .
In my opinion , current human need that should be given priority is having electric vehicles that operated entirely on battery power .
As we all know , petrol is non renewable natural resources and hence changes of its price has a big influence to the world economic as all main transportations are using it as fuel .
Electric vehicles can receive their power from a number of renewable sources that then transmitted into the vehicle through the use of electrical cable and stored in battery .
Through this , the dependence on the crude oil can be minimized gradually .
In addition , air pollution is deteriorating nowadays .
By using environmental friendly electric vehicles , the pollution problem can be alleviated by decreasing the smog level .
Firstly , engineers must recognize the need and define the designing problems such as how far the driving range of a fully charged electric vehicle is and etcetera by gathering enough information , running experiments and perform computation .
After that , engineers should start gathering pertinent information to reveal fact facts about the problem .
This step is quintessential as it make sure that their efforts and time of are not wasted at the wrong place .
Then , engineer will use creativity to generate ideas that solve the problem by starting with existing solutions then try figure out and improve the weakness in those solutions .
The last step is test and implements the solution that involves testing , construction and manufacturing of the solution to the design problem .
Besides , engineers need to consider about the electric car 's safety , cost and effects to the environment so that this engineering design meet the need .
For instance , since electric car design 's cost is over budget , engineer might rather design combination electric-gasoline vehicles to cut down the cost .
In addition , safety of the car should be given priority in order the design process meet that need .
Thus , engineers have to confirm that the car is safe to be driven by running few tests before the cars are supplied in the market place .
Engineers also have to run experiment on the emission from electric car so to make sure the car is environmental friendly .
To drive home the point , the engineering design processes will definitely meet that need if engineers preserve stoically whenever they meet failures during the process .
Being a problem solver had only meant that they will constantly face a slew of problems that abound in the world .
The need for engineers to come up with food technologies that may fill the bellies of hungry children is overwhelming .
Though the developed world has too much of it to the point of wastage , it is impossible to " transfer the leftovers " to the developing nations and is ethically wrong to do so .
However , Khandani mentions that the solution is n't perfect and we should keep revising and " going back to the drawing board " .
It is a process whereby the Earth 's temperature increases which are attributable to the use of fossil fuels , and industrial or agricultural processes .
Man-made emissions release great amount of carbon dioxide which causes a large buildup of " greenhouse gases " .
Though it may only contribute a small percentage to the buildup in the gases , but as time goes by , the increase in the utility of cars will become a big threat to global warming .
Thus a group of students from NUS came out with an idea of creating an eco-friendly urban concept car with zero carbon emission .
Because the eco-car runs on hydrogen gas , this will lead to the reduction in the usage of petroleum and thus saving the natural resources for better usage .
With this invention , the governments will strongly recommend civilians to replace their current vehicle to the eco-car .
Take gasoline combustion cars as an example , when it is running low of fuels , the driver can easily top up his vehicle at any petrol stations nearby .
Most of the products today are created using a conventionally generated technology but there are a few products were invented in a skunkworks environment .
For example , the first laptop computer was produced in a skunkworks environment because Toshiba , a Japanese electronics company , have taken huge losses with its failure in the desktop computers ' market in the 1980s .
Even though conventionally generated technology is more popular nowadays , both ways of production have its own advantages and disadvantages .
Both ways of production are similar in its motive .
The intention of the teams is to research and develop their product hoping to come out with new invention or make the existing products better .
They believed that the products they are working on will be a success even though they are not supported by company .
With the financial support from company , the research and development team can have comfortable and productive workspace .
On the other hand , there are no or very few financial support for the team working in skunkworks environment .
Therefore , skunkworks environment usually are not comfortable to work in .
Besides mentioned above , the team using conventionally generated technology can afford state of the art devices which will increase the efficiency of research .
For example , they might look for used items to be use as inputs for its production .
In contrary , the team with full financial support do not really need to consider the cost of research therefore they most probably could not come up with products which are more cost efficient .
Finally , after comparing both the ways of production , we will realize that both also have their pros and cons but in my perspective , production in the skunkworks environment is better mainly because of the freedom in inventing new things .
That is why there is a significant number of people are willing to work in the skunkworks environment despite the problems they faced .
This is because these people believed that their inventions will benefit mankind .
The importance of water lies where it comprises 70 % of a person .
No doubt water is the basis of life in this planet .
Secondly , information pertaining to water scarcity should be gathered , including the severity of problem on a global scale , limitations of current methodologies , underlying reasons and so on .
As for drinking water , it is crucial to ensure the safety of public when a new technology is adopted .
Further more , the whole process in the model which Khandani has proposed may take many years to be completed , making self-funded projects less viable if there is still no support along the way .
For example , comparing to the water transfer project from another location with more abundant water supply , distillation of sea water will be a more expensive solution though it has the potential of solving the problem in the long run .
Many things that surrounds us today makes our lives a lot easier .
From kitchen appliances like refrigerator to home entertainment systems , these are things which we often take them for granted .
All the many inventions at our homes are developed by engineers which took a long time to develop .
It started from identifying the needs of people , followed by coming up with various solutions and then implementing it .
This is called Design Process in which engineers use to approach problems .
The first step is to identify the problem , which usually involves the process of knowing what the customer wants and what problems are they encountering with existing products .
Secondly we need to gather more information , like previous failed attempts of solving similar problems , whether a need for a new solution is needed or not and the problem with existing solutions .
Thirdly coming up with many solutions , fourth after analyzing all the solutions , one is chosen .
Currently , there are many engineers in our society today .
In the past , people who wants to see a doctor have to wait in long ques .
More often than not , those people who are waiting in the line were in urgent need for medical attention .
Nurses in a clinic have to flip through archives for a patient 's information manually .
Therefore a more efficient way of allowing people to see doctors are needed .
Khandani said that inexperience designers will skip this step and proceed to finding solutions , but efforts spent in gathering information will pay out later in the design process .
Engineers found out that in clinics , human errors of the nurse is present , resulting in longer ques .
Many useful feed back is needed in order for more problems to be identified .
However , because of overeating high protein food , being lack of exercise and many other relevant reasons , various kinds of disease is threatening us human beings , especially the heart disease .
Till now , heart attack has become the top one killer among all the disease which threatens the human 's health .
According to a research conducted at 2000 , the number of people dying from heart attack accounts for almost one-third of the total number of deaths around the world , and even worse the percentage is expected to be greatly enhanced by 2020 .
As a result , WHO says heart attack as the 21st century 's plague and calls for more attention on the heart disease .
Fortunately , the appearance of a kind of engineering design product helps huge amount of patients who suffer a lot from heart attack .
That is heart pacemaker .
With the help of pacemaker , patients whose heart rate is too high or too low can maintain an adequate heart rate .
Because the heart pacemaker should be implanted into patient 's body before it can work well , it asks for higher safety requirement .
The material used to make a pacemaker is silicon , titanium steel and special artificial plastic , both of them is quite friendly to patients ' internal environment and will not cause injury or other diseases to humans .
An engineer should seriously consider that the pacemaker is used to save patient 's life , if it suddenly breaks down , the patient will face the risk of losing life .
Originally , the battery of the heart pacemaker is made up of mercury-zinc which at most can only work for 2-3years .
Such short using age of the battery together with some other reasons leaded to a few cases of patients ' death because of running out of energy in advance .
Nowadays , the engineers adopt lithium cell which has great advantage over the older one for it can last for 10 years and is much lighter .
The success of applying lithium battery into heart pacemaker brings a substantial increase in reliability .
Since the main purpose of heart pacemaker is to save people who have heart disease , the price can not be too high to afford .
Reasonable price promotes the wider use of heart pacemaker around the world .
Overview , the coming out of the heart pacemaker makes a tremendous contribution to the patients who suffer from the heart attack .
Let 's expect the prospective heart pacemaker can be more convenience and more powerful features at lower price .
I 'm sure it will be fantastic news for the whole human beings .
In most cases , it is not easy to go through all these steps successfully due to the hindrances from various facets .
Since China adopted the reform and opening-up policy in 1978 , uncounted promising students have gone abroad for further study .
Unfortunately , lots of these talents are unwilling to return to their motherland because of the much more superior conditions in developed countries , which causes the brain drain problem .
Such a brain drain makes China fall into a severe shortage of talents whom are necessary for the implementation of any stages of the process .
Then more educated people will go abroad , which deteriorates the brain drain problem in turn and exerts a greater negative effect on the process .
Therefore , unlike US and European developed countries , not much capital can be spared for engineering design processes for innovations , which arises the capital problem .
Thus in the course of engineering design , one usually needs lots of money for getting pertinent information and testing and implementing the solution .
" From his perspective , since every natural event happens as a result of a cause or collective causes , I 'm not sure if it is proper to refer the discovery of LSD , short term of Lysergic acid diethylamide , as an accident .
In 1993 , by the United States Food and Drug Administration , risperidone was approved for the treatment of schizophrenia , and bipolar disorder in 2007 .
On another hand , LSD was once widely used for treatments of mental disorder as well before it was approved with devastating side effects , which would be illustrated in the second paragraph .
However , LSD affects people in alcoholism in a positive way which unachievable for risperidone .
Secondly , the controllability of the both of short term and long effects of LSD and risperidone varies greatly .
But for LSD , the physical and psychological effect varies greatly from one to another , and is highly depend on the amount of dosage , consumer 's personality , mood , the surrounding environment and other variable factors .
Most importantly , the social issues aroused by consumption of LSD are unexpected .
Rather than physical and psychological effects , LSD also triggers intense spiritual experience which leads consumers to illusory images and feelings .
There is a great number of people believe that LSD serve as divine vehicle which transport the consumers to the outer-space where the god lives .
Several suicides were conducted before the United States government banned LSD in 1966 .
However for LSD , it was mainly regarded as a mean to get high by the American hippies .
Even the poets , painters and musicians tried to seek inspiration by consuming the LSD .
As a result , the consuming group of LSD is rather complicated than that of risperidone .
According to above , even though riperidone and LSD share some similarities in their pharmaceutical effects to certain extend , they are different from each other in terms of controllabliities of side effects and their consuming groups .
The sport is one of the most important things in human beings life .
Among the various knee injuries , the anterior cruciate ligament ( ACL ) injury happened in most cases .
If the sick do not recover completely , it is likely for him to get injured again at the same place .
Even worse it could affect his daily life .
So ,the treatment of the ACL injury is considered as a very important problem in sports medicine .
It is almost impossible for ligaments to regrow if it has been raptured .
The classic method to solve the problem ( ACL injury ) is that remove a ligament from the patient itself such as patellar tendons .
Second , it has been proved that this method could cause pains and patellar tendonitis .
So , to meet the human need , scientists are looking for the new method .
First , the artificial ligaments should not cause rejection reaction .Second , it should be very strong ,flexible and anti abrasive ,so that it can ensure that the patient can play sports in the normal level .
Third ,it should have the ability to grow and combine with the reptured ligament .
The result has showed that the LARS ligament is extremely resistant to flexion , traction , torsion , and residual stretching .
Also , the design has biocompatible properties to human beings tissues , because the intra-articular longitudinal fibers allow for tissue in growth .
Futhermore , if we use LARS ligaments in the reconstruction of cruciate ligament , the time of recovery can be reduce a lot .
At the same time , there is also a pitfall about the artificial ligaments .
Because it appeared less than 20 years and we can not predict what could happen after 30 or 40 years , which artificial ligaments have been used for .
I think as it improves a lot in the future , it can take possession of the classic method finally .
Among thousands of technologies , laptop , one of the most important innovations in twentieth century , is a good example of socially determined technology .
The laptop , firstly manufactured by Toshiba in 1985 ( Rogers , 2003 ) , ten years after the birth of the desktop computer , has again brought about a tremendous revolution in our lives .
Problems rose as the workers had to stay in the company to finish the work that can not be done without a computer .
Under such condition , the idea of laptop had been inspired .
Secondly , the man power that provides technological support plays an essential rule to the innovation of laptop .
The idea of designing laptop was first not approved by Toshiba , while Mizoguchi , the chief designer of laptop did not give up .
The support of technical stuff brought a successful step towards the final goal of promoting and producing laptops .
Lastly , but not the least , the source of funding made the production and sales of laptops possible .
Though the research team has made the idea of laptop came true , the laptop would not be finally put into production without a large amount of money .
To the disappointment , the plan of producing the laptops had again been rejected due to the small potential market estimated by the company .
To sum up , the innovation of laptop can not be separated with the three main factors .
The demand of customers inspired the designers , the support of technical stuff put the idea into practice , and finally , the source of funding ensure the sales .
Without any of these three factors , the dream of owning a laptop will be still a dream now .
Fortunately , Thomas Edison created lightbulb in 1879 and Percy LeBaron Spencer discovered microwave energy after World War two .
It is amazing that Edison picked up a fifty-year-old idea and made it come true , while Percy brought microwave oven to light by an accident , indeed .
These two wonderful discoveries have lots of similarities and difference .
Moreover , the idea of microwave oven was totally new , while someone had worked on lightbulb before Edison .
Edison achieved this unbelievable task by thousands of various experiments .
To choose the suitable filament for the lightbulb , Edison tried more than 1600 kinds of materials with different heat-resisting .
After many setbacks , Edison decided to use carbon to make filament .
Nevertheless , Percy lighted on microwave energy by pure coincidence .
When he did some experiment focusing on radar waves , the melt of a candy bar in his pocket excite the surprise of him .
In addition , Edison did not 'invent ' the lightbulb actually , while Percy is the first person who discover the microwave energy and invented microwave oven .
Since he was interested in electric appliance , he picked up this idea and made several improvements to it through various experiments .
Conversely , there was nobody who discovered the energy of microwave before Percy .
After he found out this big secret and went through careful trials , Percy developed microwave oven into practical eventually .
Thus , he is definitely the inventor of microwave oven .
Last but not least , lightbulb helps us say goodbye to darkness and microwave oven provides us a pretty convenient way to heat food .
Because of lightbulb , the big world becomes brighter and more colorful .
Also , we can read , write and do lots of things in the night .
Lightbulb has brought us easier and more convenient life .
In the same manner , microwave oven has become one of the many modern conveniences nowadays .
Not only can it save time but also can be operated in a safer manner .
In conclusion , lightbulb and microwave oven are both great discoveries .
Moreover , Edison just made improvements to lightbulb while Percy invented microwave oven .
Anyway , we must thank Edison Thomas and Percy LeBaron Spencer made these two extraordinary inventions .
15th August , known as " Victory in the Pacific Day " , is celebrated by people all around the world to memorize the surrender of Japan in 1945 .
What we need to emphasize here is that the atomic bomb explosion in Hiroshima and Nagasaki in 6th and 9th August respectively definitely speed the surrender of Japan .
In the history of warfare , these are the only two nuclear weapons used for attacking .
Nowadays , more than sixty years passed by , nuclear weapons are still the most destructive weapons invented by human beings .
Surprisingly , when the nuclear technology is firstly discovered by scientists , it was seemed as a method to satisfy human 's needs of energy .
After Einstein 's General Relativity Theory and famous equation E = mc2 , scientists thought more about how to get energy more efficiently and effectively .
In early 1939 , two German scientists first published their essay about nuclear fission and also stated that this new energy recourse can make tremendous profits for human beings .
Unfortunately , at the background of World War Two , military demands had priority over anything else .
Obviously , Allies finally win the battle on the invention of nuclear weapons .
Otherwise , the result of World War Two may be different and it is hard to imagine what our life should be today .
U.S. used more than six hundred thousand people and invested more than two billion dollars to start the " Manhattan Project " .
Japan tragically became the first and only target of nuclear weapons in the history .
Even till now , whether the invention of nuclear weapons for peace or war is still discussed all over the world .
However , the catastrophe it caused to Japanese was really serious .
Even today , nuclear crisis in North Korea and Iran still threatens the stabilization of world .
If there was no E = mc2 or World War Two , nuclear weapons may never be invented .
Maybe for the nuclear technology itself , utilizing it to make weapons is unfair , but we must agree that it is the social needs , or specifically the military demands , and government priorities at that time that decide the direction of this innovation .
Just like every year people celebrate the " Victory in the Pacific Day " , there should be some others memorizing the nuclear weapons .
The military also use GPS in various methods from missile guidance to enemy tracking .
Numerous factors have brought about the development of the GPS mainly the government , military and public demands .
In 1983 , the U.S. President Ronald Reagan decided that the GPS will be made available to civilian uses after the Soviet Union shot down a commercial airliner which had navigational difficulty , bringing about the death of more than 200 passengers .
Currently , the GPS is widely used in the aviation and maritime industry so that similar incidents can be avoided .
Next , the public demands have pushed the benefits of the GPS greater when gadgets are integrated with GPS to provide constant relative motion and time coordinating .
At such , even the user 's estimated time of arrival can be calculated .
The development of technology has benefited human beings in both scientific researches and daily life of human beings .
With the invention of microscope , scientists are able to observe molecules which form all matters .
Besides scientific researches , inventions and new technologies have indeed brought convenience to human beings .
( Rogers , 2003 ) One important technology which was socially determined is the invention of laptop in Toshiba , a Japanese electronics company .
The invention of laptop was originally designed to fit crowded offices and small homes which were typical in Japan .
At that time , dozens of workers shares one desk and desktop computers were too large in size .
( Rogers , 2003 ) Laptop was then invented by an engineer in Toshiba Company called Mizoguchi , whose braveness and wisdom has been recognized in the process of inventing laptop .
However , because of lacking resources and unpromising market , the innovation of laptop in Toshiba was nearly aborted .
Fortunately , the designers of laptop were strong-minded so people nowadays are able to access internet anywhere with laptops that were first invented by them .
In the process of inventing a laptop , the design team was lack of human resource and money .
At first , the idea of designing laptop was disapproved by the Toshiba Company , which at that time has just suffered from huge loss in the business of personal computers .
Although the team survived due to the insistence of Mizogushi and finally came up with the first laptop in the world , lack of resources has had an impact on the design team , which made the team 'stressful ' ( Rogers , 2003 ) in the designing process .
To wrap up , the invention of laptop was affected by the lack of resources and unpromising market which ultimately came from opinion of the authority in Toshiba Company which turned out to be incorrect .
Actually a lot of major discoveries made by excellent scientists are unexpected gifts from good luck .
In particular , pharmacology perhaps the most common fields where serendipity occurs .
When he served in the army , he noticed that a lot of soldiers died from simple infections caused by small wounds .
Every day hospitals were filled with patients who only got infections from a small cut or a scratch and more seriously those who were contracted with pneumonia or tuberculosis .
After the discovery of the new substance , he came to the problem of how to cultivating the mould and how to isolate and purify the antibiotic agent .
It saved a lot of soldiers ' life in the war .
However , what would have happened if Fleming had never been concerned about the search for the cure or he had had no interest in this area at all ?
It is just because Fleming was intrigued by his research that he could notice the mould contamination on the bacteria culture and stretch out further reflection on it , while others could n't .
Hard work finally pays off .
Serendipity only favours those with high aspirations and determination who whole-heartedly dedicated themselves to their beloved career .
Perhaps some people will say that it is reasonable that the society is now in a relatively stationary stage since the modern scene was marked by tremendously and ever-accelerating change in the past few years .
In this way , companies may dare not to pump money into the development of new products .
Once the process is lack of funds , there is little hope for the process to continue .
Statistics suggest that the R&D teams in companies tend to reduce .
What is worse , there are many companies which even do not get a R&D team yet .
Besides , the not so high salary can hardly attract high-quality talents to join the research team , which is also due to the lack of funds which I have mentioned before .
All these make it even more difficult for the innovation to born the fruit .
People are always tending to do things that will benefit .
However , some obstacles still hamper the process of technological innovation of China , as the technological development is in its infancy .
In my opinion , there are mainly two big problems for us to overcome in the next few years , which are the decentralization and shortage of sources and the lagging of technology transfer .
Source refers to human capital and financial support .
Actually , decentralization of human capital and delayed financial support hamper the stage of research and development to a quite large extent .
Compared to other developing countries , China does not have a standard innovation centre where a lot of talented scientists and engineers can discuss and develop a creative project .
Take Silicon Valley as an example , a lot of new technological products are developed and promising companies are founded there every year , which is a result of the cooperation of many talents .
How to call up them and work out some big projects is a tough task for our government .
However , if the financial support is divided into small parts , these departments will not get enough money to do a large scale research .
What 's more , some research projects must wait several months for financial support , during which time scientists may lose heart and give up .
As a result , research and development , which are the first steps of innovation , becomes more and more difficult .
China should try hard to solve the problem of source .
Some new technologies may be born as well as die in laboratories as a result of lagging of technology transfer .
Maybe it takes about a few years to generate a new generation .
What 's more , as China does not have a system to link these new techniques with manufacturing departments , I think most manufacturing factories can not make full use of these innovations .
Therefore , we 'd better to build a sound system to do the technology transfer .
Firstly , we 'd better develop some technical centre to bring talents together and do research .
If we can overcome these problem , I believe the design process of innovation in China will develop farther more .
However , in my home country , many problems exist as huge barriers for engineers to apply their innovative ideas into practice .
Chinese students are very diligent , but sometimes they focus too much on theory knowledge and the exams , while overlook the importance of cultivating their own innovative ability .
So when they become engineers , what they can do is only follow others ' steps and can not put forward new ideas .
Besides the cognition problem , some universities do not pay much attention on students ' hands-on abilities .
Experiment classes , which aim to help students develop their applying and innovative ability , are often deleted from the schedule or are conducted without experimental materials .
For technologies , experiencing personally is the best way to learn .
What 's more , we know it is hard for a person to come up with new ideas continuously but this process becomes much easier when several people exchange their thoughts about this issue .
There is no project , no lab report , no design assignments , how can students learn to work with others ?
Hence , some engineers can not communicate , do not know how to allocate workload ; do not know how to deal with difficulties and conflicts .
Another hamper is the unsatisfying society conditions for engineers to carry out their knowledge and thoughts .
When I compare my hometown university engineering graduates with their peers in NUS , I find those from NUS have more opportunities to have internships in institutes , to do experiments in team , to communicate with researchers and professors .
Apart from this , China does not attach as much attention on technology innovations as many other countries .
Besides the above two problems , lack of communication in engineering society also discourage the innovative ideas to come out .
There are not many conferences on engineering topics which can let engineers and scientists to exchange ideas and learn from each other .
After all the above , we can see the improper model and the unsatisfying social conditions really act as obstacles to innovative engineering designs .
As China is carrying out education reform in a large scale and putting more emphasis on technology innovations , we can predict China 's technology has a good perspective .
In the old days , taking photos was a complicated process which was almost performed solely by professional technicians .
A photographer had to not only adjust all the settings manually , but also print the films with chemicals called film developer in a darkroom .
However , the recent two decades witnessed astonishing innovation in photographythe development of digital cameras ( DC ) which has made taking photos accessible to non-specialists .
Consumers ' desire for more convenient usage and better photo quality shapes the development of DC technology .
Consumers ' desire for convenient usage mainly consists of two partsthe simplicity of camera functions and the accessibility of photo sharing .
Both of these requests stimulate the DC technology development in respective ways .
Relevant innovations include the face detection technology by Sony Company , which was developed in response to the increasing popularity of portrait taking ( Cheung , K. M. , 2007 ) .
Other technologies like the anti-blink function and the Smile Shutter function which automatically capture the best facial expressions are also developed in the need for simpler photo taking ( Sony Unveils World 's First Wi-Fi Digital Camera with Web Browser , 2009 ) .
Users can upload photos to the Internet and share the photos with more people .
A case in point is the development of Wi-Fi cameras .
With a web browser installed , this camera can get access to any hotspot , allowing users to upload their photos immediately after shooting ( Sony Unveils World 's First Wi-Fi Digital Camera with Web Browser , 2009 ) .
Another development that improves the convenience of taking photos is the portability .
Thus , they can be put in pockets and easily carried .
The improvement in portability also results from people 's increasing demand for easy casual shootings .
Consumers ' pursuit of better photo quality also drives the innovation of advanced DC technology .
To improve resolution , a company needs to conduct a considerable amount of research , including generation of new ideas , technology breakthroughs and repetitive experiments .
The process is hard , but companies are still willing to sacrifice their time and labor for the development , since the better the resolution , the more customers will be attracted , and the more profit the companies will make .
Such remarkable improvement shows the strong impact of consumers ' requirement on pushing forward the DC technology .
The innovation and development of DC technology are shaped by the need of the market .
On the other hand , the technological developments have greatly changed our lives at the same time , making our lives more convenient and colourful .
After telephone was invented in the late 1800s , people were thinking about ways to improve such communication technology to extend the range of social network .
The original idea of mobile phone came from combining telecommunication with radio technology which was considerably improved during the World War 2 period CITATION Spe90 \ l 2052 ( Special History Issue , 1990 ) .
Until the 1980s , due to the cellular idea , the portability and the quality of communication of mobile phone were improved and mobile telephony started to play a part in mass market CITATION Tom07 \ l 2052 ( Farley , 2007 ) .
And with the advance in internet technology , the third generation mobiles phones are digitized nowadays CITATION Wei05 \ l 2052 ( Wei , 2005 ) .
This essay will examine three major factors in the development of mobile telecommunication in different stages .
First of all , the post-war economic recovery demanded a better way of communication in order to expand the network of free trade between different countries .
In 1946 soviet engineers Shapiro and Zaharchenko CITATION Spe90 \ l 2052 ( Special History Issue , 1990 ) launched the first radio telephone which was equipped inside a car and could connect to local telephone network within the range of 20 kilometers .
Besides , as water transportation was developed rapidly during that period , radiotelephony service was introduced to harbor and coastal vessels CITATION Spe90 \ l 2052 ( Special History Issue , 1990 ) .
In the past , radio telephony was the only way to connect to telephone service when people were mobile .
Hence , the demands to achieve economic growth pushed mobile technology forward in the early days .
Donald H. Ring came up with the idea of cellular network in 1947 CITATION Tom07 \ l 2052 ( Farley , 2007 ) .
With the advance in computing technology in 1980s , a cellular network on mobile phones called Groupe Special Mobile was developed and this made mobile communication start to boom CITATION Tom07 \ l 2052 ( Farley , 2007 ) .
Similarly , the development of necessary technologies such as semi-conductors , transistors and microelectronic chips also contributed to the development of mobile telecommunications .
Therefore , progress in other fields can promote the innovations of mobile technology .
After the born of GSM , mobile phones started to more attract private users .
Unlike the business usage , private users demand a user-friendly environment to communicate with friends and family as well as some additional entertainment features .
Such demands by the public encouraged mobile developers to create new functions for cell phones such as delivering ring tones , SMS and voice mail CITATION Wei05 \ l 2052 ( Wei , 2005 ) .
Besides , mobile phones became digitized at the beginning of this century , which brought a revolution of mobile telecommunication .
Mobile phone today is no longer a phone that was mobile ; it can be a MP3 player , a game player and even a personal computer .
Within the context of a society , mobile telecommunicate was shaped by economic factors , other inventions and consumers ' demands .
The technology of nanorobotics ( nanobots ) is a modern invention that deals with the making of robots at an atomic level .
Nanobots would be helpful in making materials that is efficient in storing energy and converting energy sources .
They can be used to create a system that is affordable , fast , and compacted .
According to an article , $ 20 million was granted to Stanford - one of 46 Energy Frontier Research Centres - to help the engineers to find energy down at the nano-scale .
In Conclusion , the technology of nanobots is a modern innovation that allows human to process task that is beyond our bear-eye can see .
With the continuous development , nanobots would improve the lives of millions in the near future .
The main problem , however , is time constraint and this problem can be seen to significantly hamper engineering design processes for innovations in companies such as Creative Technology .
This time constraint is caused by competition from other companies which sell similar products and they may also be in the middle of designing similar new products as Creative Technology .
Mr Sim Wong Hoo , chairman and CEO of Creative Technology , commented that having awarded the ZEN Patent to Creative Technology , it had helped to protect its invention and recognized its innovation in portable media players .
He then further commented that in order to be awarded the ZEN Patent , it had taken a major investment of time and effort by a group of its research and development engineers .
( Creative Technology , 2005 ) It can be seen that because of time constraint , the research and development engineers from Creative Technology had to sacrifice most of their time just to focus on the engineering design processes for their new product , ZEN , so that it can be completed as soon as possible .
Furthermore , because of time constraints , certain processes in the engineering design processes may be compromised so that the ZEN can be completed earlier to beat the rest of the competitors .
Another problem is that the designing process must be able to keep up with the rapid developments in technology , otherwise by the time it is completed , it may already been rendered as obsolete .
Such case can be seen in St. James Press ( 2004 ) that Creative Technology began manufacturing its own CD-ROM drives when it could not keep up with the rapid developments in drive technology , however , it was forced to abandon the effort , dumping its inventory and taking a loss of more than $ 30 million in 1995 .
From here , we can see that the Engineering design processes must be constantly be updated , otherwise more problems may occur and this has caused many engineering design process to be abandoned halfway and hence , it is a problem that may significantly hamper engineering design process for innovations .
In conclusion , the two problems discussed earlier are just the few of the many problems that may significantly hamper engineering design processes for innovations .
However , still , there are many people who stood up to the difficulty and successfully completed the engineering design processes for innovations and I hope more people can learn from their experiences .
Since the 1970 's , communication technology has made great advances , offering capabilities that were unthinkable a decade earlier .
The last decade of the 20th century saw a flood of new communication technologies entering the market , office and home according to the Central Statistical office .
This was the result of a better of a better understanding of people 's needs and what technology they really want to use .
One such technology was the mobile phone .
In the past , communication was slow and unreliable as it was done over a distance by physical transportation such as the use of pigeons , boats and messengers .
In the most unfortunate cases , the information would not even reach the desired destination .
As a result , people wanted a form of communication which was fast and reliable .
This all changed dramatically with the introduction of the telephone .
Firstly , it took away the necessity of a transport medium which made it more reliable .
Secondly , the telephone used electricity which was literally accessible to every household and this provided messages to be passed around more quickly .
The society wanted to be able to communicate anywhere and anytime and to anyone they wished .
The introduction of the mobile phone allowed people in the society to have the ability to pass messages to one another quickly and accurately whenever they wished .
This meant that office workers were able to speed up communication and circulate information faster to allow new ideas to be conceived quickly .
Having to do this would result a great benefit to an individual 's company and finally , it would have a positive impact on the economy .
Furthermore , even the military benefited from this wireless telephony .
Through the use of wireless communication , soldiers were able to communicate with each other swiftly and with 100 % accuracy when information was passed around .
Due to the convenience of having a mobile phone , the number of mobile phone users increased drastically over the years .
By 2002 , Japan had 55 million mobile phone users ( out of 122 million ) , China had over 200 million mobile phone users ( out of 1.3 billion ) and about 90 % of Finland 's population had a mobile phone according to BBC in 2003 .
The mobile underwent further developments to enhance its features to suit its consumers .
As a result , by 2003 , the mobile phone was presented more than just a tool for calling someone .
It will also take on roles and an anchor point , a digital navigator and a lifestyle accessory that will help individuals control and enrich their lives ( Nokia , 2002 ) .
Looking back at the evolution of communication , the mobile phone is one that was shaped by social factors .
Recently , there was an outbreak of a pandemic flu which started in Mexico and was spreading rampantly around the world and instilled fear in people .
Experts had estimated that more than 2 billion worldwide will contact the flu ( Scheirer Micheal and Harrell Eben .
As such , the health ministers of various countries were very concerned .
Thus leading to the development of the vaccine for H1N1 Besides the governments , the H1N1 patient and the general public is also very concerned with the development of the vaccine of H1N1 .
The virus is very contagious thus leading to a rampant spread in the society .
Thus there is a large demand for the vaccine by the various government bodies .
This could be seen in the following , whereby the governments of France , Belgium and Finland intended to purchase 50 million , 12.6 million and 5.3 million doses , respectively ( Cormac Sheridan , 2009 ) .
Another reason the government bodies is concerned about the development of the new vaccine is the fear for mutation .
As experts have predicted that many more is going to contact the diseases , there is a higher the chance that the diseases will mutate into a stronger virus .
The health ministers around the world are influencing the development of the vaccine so as to cure the diseases before it spreads too widely or mutates .
The public and the H1N1 patients are the other group that shaped the development of the vaccine for H1N1 .
Although figures of the WHO have shown that out of the 160,000 cases only 1.200 have died , this could not contain the fear in people .
This is due t0 the previous outbreak of another flu virus which took many lives .
Due to the fear there is a high demand for the vaccine , as such the pharmaceutical companies are trying to seize this rare business opportunity .
Besides , the large demand , any new development would also bring about a rise in the respective pharmaceutical companies share price .
For example , in April 30 2009 when Lipoxen ( pharmaceutical companies ) announced positive preclinical results for the delivery of an enhanced influenza vaccine , adding that the technology should also work against the new swine flu strain , Lipoxen 's share price when up from £ 6.62 ( $ 10.11 ) to £ 21.75 ( $ 33.23 ) ( Brady Huggett , 2009 ) .
Both the health ministries of the world and the patient as well as the public have shaped the development of the H1N1 vaccine in various ways .
For the government , they needed the vaccine to help control the spread of H1N1 and also hope to cure the disease before it mutates into a more deadly virus .
As for the patients and the public their concerned is that they need the vaccine to stay away form the disease .
Many people have already got used to use cell phone to take pictures and transfer to their friends , so that they think that the camera phones are born like this .
However , camera phone changed a lot after coming out at 2000 ( Daisuke , 2003 ) , compared with the first camera phone , camera phones nowadays are quite different .
During the nine-year development of camera phone technology , we can see that the great market demand , customer requirement , and government regulations of different countries have once affected this technology a lot .
The first factor which accelerated the development of the camera phone is the great market demand .
Before the camera phone came out , the digital camera and videophone have existed for many years .
Actually , a camera phone is a combination of the digital camera and the videophone which can take pictures and save the picture in digital form freely at anywhere and anytime as a digital camera and transfer the pictures or videos to others as a videophone .
At that time , digital camera and videophone have already become a part of everyday life , people might really want a tool which can let people take pictures freely and transfer them wirelessly .
This kind of need of the combination of two technologies eventually bring out the camera phone .
Thus , at 2000 , Sharp launch the world first camera phone J-SH04 which has a 110,000-pixel CMOS image sensor for taking digital photos .
This innovation make sharp achieve a great success .
We can easily see that the great sales ensured the development of this technology .
More and more companies began to realize this great market demand and start researching in camera phones .
After integrating the image sensor into the mobile phone , the quality of the pictures taken by the camera phones which only have hundreds of thousands of pixel sensor can not satisfy the need of the consumers .
The pictures taken by the camera phone are very blurred at that time .
Those pictures can not be developed because of its low quality .
What might people need is actually a substitute of the digital camera .
This need greatly boost the camera phone technology development .
Most camera phone companies tried to produce the camera phone with better sensor .
Eventually in the year 2003 , Sharp launched the world first 1 megapixel camera phone ( Long , 2005 ) , which can provide much better quality pictures .
Since then , camera phone became a really useful tool instead of the novel technology .
Different companies also applied the same strategy and released their 1 megapixel camera phone at the same year which made the sales surge 200 % compared with last year .
From this , we can draw the conclusion that the customer requirement greatly shaped the camera phones technology .
Although the worries of sneak shot have existed since the camera phone came out , it has aroused wide concern during last few years as the increase number of such kind of incidents .
For example , on December 30 , 2006 , a short film of the execution of former Iraqi dictator Saddam Hussein leaked out on the internet which led to some serious detrimental effect .
The film was obvious taken by a camera phone .
Different countries also promulgated different regulations to limit the use of the camera phone .
Different companies also try to find new methods to prevent the sneak shot .
We can see that the market demand makes the camera phone come out , costumer requirement led to the improvement of the functions of a camera phone and government regulations also affected the usage of the camera phone .
All these factors make camera phone more and more adapt to our society and eventually bring a novel technology into our daily life .
Hawk-eye is a computer system used in cricket , tennis and other sports to visually track the path of the ball and display a record of its actual path as graphic image .
In tennis and cricket , Hawk-eye system has become an important reference for judgment and even the decision maker when dispute come on the scene .
When the Hawk-eye system was invented , it got prizes including Science and Technology Innovation Award presented by The Royal Television Society .
However , even for now , the popularization has not become widespread .
Hawk-eye 's development is limited due to its high cost , some errors it made and some opposing ideas from the public .
The first limit for the development of Hawk-eye is its high cost .
The above-mentioned equipments need to operate very fast , which needs the facilities to be of high quality .
Theses above reasons as well as the monopoly market of Hawk-eye together lead to the high cost to use Hawk-eye system .
In the 2009 snooker China open , the sponsor spent 400 thousands Yuan per week , which means almost 60 thousands US dollars per week .
( 2009,http : //sports.sina.com.cn/o/2009-04-08/03264312295.shtml ) Not many contest holders can afford to spend so much money on such referencing aids .
We can say that the high cost is a limit for the Hawk-eye to develop further .
The second limit is the shortcoming of Hawk-eye itself .
Although the Hawk-eye company declared that Hawk-eye is precise and accurate , Hawk-eye made a mistake accidentally .
In 2009 Indian Wells Tennis Masters , Hawk-eye system made a mistake in the quarter-final .
When Andrew Murray knocked the ball out of the bound , Hawk-eye did not recognize it and finally Murray beat Ivan Ljubicic and got in the semifinal .
We use Hawk-eye to prevent errors in judgment ; however , if it does not offer us the accuracy , we may not choose to use it .
The errors caused by Hawk-eye itself are sure to prevent the potential users from using it and thus , makes the development of Hawk-eye limited .
In addition , not all the Sportsmen value Hawk-eye system very much .
Even in tennis , one of the sports that Hawk-eye is the most widely used , some of the world 's most popular players still can not accept Hawk-eye system .
Roger Federer and Lindsay Davenport think that Hawk-eye system forgets the true meaning of tennis and makes tennis disinteresting .
As is widely known , those world-famous players have a great influence on the development of the sport .
If those players do not accept Hawk-eye system , it may be very difficult for Hawk-eye system to develop and spread out further .
In conclusion , the reasons why Hawk-eye system does not spread out and develop further are the high cost , the weakness of Hawk-eye system itself and the social opposing ideas from some influential world-famous players .
Since Iphone 's first introduction on June 29 , 2007 , it has become the best- selling smart phone in the world1 .
After a series of hardware and software development , we can now enjoy the latest 3GS Iphone with a lot of improvements , including Internet , 3G , music , video and photos .
In the Iphone 's development process , we can not deny that the user 's demand for new functions and user 's financial problem in economic crisis have a great influence in changing the Iphone .
First of all , users ' demand for the Iphone that has more features and utilities to combine everything in a phone forces Apple to continue developing Iphone .
Comparing to the 1st generation of Iphone , the latest one ( 3GS ) is very different .
At first , Iphone just only support EDGE network , 802.11b wireless standard , and 4GB internal storage .
Now the Iphone 3GS has supported 3G network , video call , 802.11n wireless standard , and up to 32GB internal storage .
To satisfy users ' demand for new applications , themes , software and utilities , on March 6 , 2008 , Apple finally released the Iphone SDK ( Apple , 2008 ) , the platform in which programmer can build and develop software from simple to very complicated .
The second factor that affects the Iphone is the user 's budget during economic crisis .
During the crisis , the sale of smart phone in general decreases because people do not want to spend money on unnecessary thing .
Worldwide sales of hi-tech " smartphones " grew at their slowest pace yet in the fourth quarter of 2008 as the financial crisis hit demand , a research firm said Thursday2 .
There is no way for Apple to encourage people buying their products except making them more valuable .
In 2009 summer , Apple introduces the new version of Iphone , the 3GS , with the same price as the older version .
The new one has higher speed core and bigger RAM , which lets Iphone runs faster and can even display High definition movie .
Apple also reduces the price of 3G version to make it reasonable and affordable to more users .
The result is " California-based Apple was the third-biggest player with iPhone sales of 11.42 million units , more than triple the 3.3 million sold when it launched the device in 2007 " .
After all , user 's financial problem in economic crisis and user 's demand for advanced technology have contributed to the development of Iphone through several years .
Iphone now can serve many purposes of users like entertainment , video conference .
Although Iphone is the best smart phone in the market at the moment , but it will have to be developed more and be offered at a lower price to satisfy the customers .
Both the military and civil demand for precise navigation promote the development of Global Positioning System
Nowadays , almost everybody knows GPS ( Global Positioning System ) which has made a significant difference in our daily life in ways ranging from guiding family hiking to airline navigation .
However , a lot of people may do not know that it is such a seemingly very new advanced technology that actually already have existed for more than forty years .
( Lowry , 2006 ) It is the military and civil demand for precise navigation stimulates the GPS technology advancing to what we know it as today .
After the WW , the US military realized the weakness of navigating by the stars and the radio signals and started to seek for a more precise positioning system to guide their fighters and warships globally .
( Lowry , 2006 ) In late nineteen fifties , the scientists in USA realized the possibility of accurate positioning by satellites and finally in 1960 , a satellite navigation system called Transit is tested in USA navy to meet their intense requirement for precise navigation to avoid unnecessary shipwreck .
Since then , in order to grasp the precise position information of its army all over the world , United States Department of Defense allotted millions of dollars in the GPS R&D which eventually resulted in a complete Global Positioning System with the operation of two dozen of polar orbiting satellites .
( Yogendra , 2002 )
Besides the military demand , the public appeal for a safe civil navigation also promotes the development of GPS .
In 1983 , a US civilian airliner KAL 007 was shot down by the Soviet Union air force by mistake when it lost its way and flied into the airspace of the Soviet Union without authorization , thus making the US civilians intensely blame the government for the ignorance of the safety of civil navigation .
In order to calm the mass and avoid such disasters in future , the then president Ronald Regan promised to apply GPS to civilian users as well as military once it was completed .
( Lawry , 2006 ) And due to the immense pressure of the public , the US government turned off the SA ( Selective Available ) in May 2000 , which maked GPS develop from a critically military supplied technology to a real dual-use system for both civilian and military use .
( Gibbon Media& Research LLC , 2007 )
The idea of GPS is firstly put forward in the nineteen forties .
Afterwards , both the military and public demand for precise navigation promote the further development of GPS and make it like what we see today -a precise dual-use global positioning system for both civilian and military .
Technology is the practical application of knowledge especially in a specific area .
This essay will compare and contrast the discovery of penicillin and the development of embryonic stem cells these two technologies , in terms of impetus to the invention , researchers involved in the innovation development and the effects on society .
The impetus to these technologies both comes from the needs of society .
For the development of embryonic stem cells , the main reason why it can develop rapidly during such a short period is that the society needs a new way to transplantation .
Similarly , because the society needed a new medicine to cure some diseases like pneumonia , penicillin was discovered .
The discovery of penicillin is by accident and after a long time it was being used as medicine .
Impetus to these technologies is society needs and differences can be seen from it .
However , there are slightly differences between these two technologies in terms of researchers involved .
For the technology that was developed via research , like the stem cells mentioned before , it has a tendency that it involved a large group of researchers and even researchers from different countries .
However , for the serendipitous discovery , it more seems involves a smaller group of people , sometimes even individual .
Researchers involved in these two kinds of technologies are almost the same with slightly differences between them .
Last but not least , their effects on the society also have similarities and differences .
Both are promoting social development and people received lot of benefits .
If doctors use organs which are obtained by stem cells , many technical problems can be solved , like rejection reaction and the shortage problem .
The differences lie in the time of how long it will be widely used by the majority of people .
The technology developed via research will use shorter time to be accepted by the majority of people while technology developed via serendipitous discovery may be rejected by people when it was first invited .
There are similarities and differences between technologies developed via research and via serendipitous discovery in the aspect of impetus to the invention , researchers involved in the innovation development and the effects on society .
In the future , more and more useful technologies will be developed and they can give us a lot of benefits .
The world has become much more richer and more complete with inventions or innovations .
Putting these ideas into actions and facing obstacles that come along with way leads to technological innovation .
During this process , technological innovation was affected by economical and social factors which contributed in shaping the innovation .
One of the many innovations that how made our lives convenient is " Refrigeration " .
This was a technology that had been shaped by the society in the past who were desperate to preserve their food .
Ice from mountains or snowy areas were transported to warmer regions where it was wrapped in cloth and placed in cellas .
Soon ice box , which was made up of a metal linked box insulated with cork or snow dust with one compartment to put the ice and another to store the perishables .
The civil ware in US interrupted the ice trade .
The idea of refrigeration was built based on the principle that when a liquid changes to a gas , it absorbs heat as it expands in a self contained cycle , the air or other fluid surrounding the device can be reduced in temperature .
With this principle , soon the gas refrigerator and the electric refrigerator was built to carry out the ideas of regrigeration .
Gas refrigerators used ammonia or the compression refrigerant and a water jacket or the heart absorbed that could be circulated to the area to be cooled .
The gas refrigerator did not compromise of any moving parts and therefore it would not spoil or beak down easily .
Electric refrigerators used an electric motor to pump the coolant or the refrigerant around the enclosed system .
Unlike the gas refrigerators , the electric refrigerators were noisy and a disruption in the supply of electricity would mean that the refrigerator would strop working .
When the gas refrigerations developed a leak , the gas was irritating and slightly corrosive .
Since the gases used in a gas refrigerators were usually poisonous and flammable , people were not very favourable of such gases running through their houses in large quantities .
Therefore social factors , interms of safety concern , over ruled the advantages of gas refrigerators and made the situation favourable for electric refrigators .
Economic factor also contributed to the success of electric refrigerators .
Since it was believed that greater economic profits could be gained from electric refrigerators as compared to gas refrigerators , large firms started investing huge amount of research ad development ( R&D ) funding into the electric refrigerators as well as promoted the product aggressively .
Therefore small firms producing gas refrigerators could not compete with the strong competition and with insufficient resources for R & D , further developments to the refrigerator was not possible and it was also difficult to keep the prices of gas refrigerators were forced to go out of sales and the sales of electric refrigerator continued booming .
Therefore , economic profit grained from the product also affects the technological innovation .
In conclusion , the path of a technological inno0vation has been shaped by many factors .
In the case of refrigeration , gas refrigeration was invented first but due to corporate profitably , R &D fundings were provided to the electric refrigerations and hen it was further developed to meet the various demands of the people and brought into use widely around the world .
The production of gas refrigerations on the other hand were forced to close down due to lack of R & D funding .
The safety was also a main concern in this technological innovation .
As the gases used in the gas refrigerator were not safe , it was not preferred by the consumers .
Therefore , factors such as safety concern and corporate profitability have played a part in shaping the technological innovation , refrigeration .
The length of tank 's history is almost one hundred year since 1916 when the first time tank was used as a secret weapon of British .
If we trace back further , we can find that Leonardo de Vinci already drew a similar picture of tank in 15th century .
Although we are not sure what kind of materials and technologies Vinci was trying to use when constructing his " tank " , we are still astonished by his ingenious imagination .
However , tank is not a usual vehicle for the majority .
Most people never have a chance to drive a tank , but it seems that many people are very familiar with and interested in it .
Tank is tightly related to war since the first day it was born .
Inevitably , government and military demand play vital important roles in its developing history .
In World War I ( WWI ) , when the Triple Entente and the Triple Alliance were fighting against each other bloodily , they both got into trouble with the trench warfare .
The British government was very worried about this condition .
After a while , British government not only took his advice but also organized a professional group to design and produce the tank .
After tank was invented , since the technologies used in tank and common vehicle are quite same , the vehicle industry quickly became the pillar industry of many industrialized countries .
It provided tremendous job opportunities as well as markets .
However , after two more decades of peace since WWI , the leader of Nazi Party in German , Hitler , became very enthusiastic about mass production of automobile , because he wanted to use the technology to produce more tanks for World War II ( WWII ) .
( Because of the Treaty of Versaillers , Germany was not allowed to have tanks .
) In 1933 , Hitler met Ferdinan Porsche , the founder of the Porsche , and talked about " Volkswagen " .
Because of the government investment into the research , in 1936 , this new kind of cheap automobile called " beetle " was born .
After the WWII , the development of tanks has never stopped .
The most common type is main battle tank ( MBT ) .
Compared with the original tank , modern tank has navigation system , infrared night-vision scope , composite armor , etc .
It seems that all the powerful countries are involved in this technology competition .
Russia has T-72 .
The U.S. has M1A1 .
However , no matter how well they develop their tank , casualty is evitable in the war .
Maybe more people will die in the war after new tanks are introduced .
In conclusion , tank is a great engineering-design product which government , global politics and military industry shape it together .
It is a " weapon of mass destruction " but still ingenious .
Its quick development and adaptability in battle field is incomparable .
It is the main role in land battle in modern war .
The success of a technology not only depends on how well it resolves the targeted need but also the social considerations it incurs when introduced to the consumer market .
Based on " The network of power " , a book by Thomas Hughes , it addresses one pertinent problem on the way we view technology .
The associated issue is that we tend to be blinded by the benefits of a technology and oversee the importance of understanding it as an entire system .
By looking at the development of automobiles , from electric vehicles to gasoline-powered cars , we are able to understand how economic factors influence oil magnates , car manufacturers and the government who ultimately shaped this technological innovation .
With the rise of an alternate fuel source , not only would oil companies suffer a loss in profits , the possibility of getting put out of business increases significantly as well .
They even resort to underhand means like spreading false information about the new technology .
For instance , doubts were cast in the ability of batteries delivering 100km per charge .
Even if there is a more environmental friendly fuel , they would suppress it at all cost .
Car manufacturers are the next immediate culprit culpable for the continued devlopment of gasoline-powered vehicles rather than focusing on the environmental friendly electric car .
They know that their core group of customers , us , are a bunch of non-risk takers who are still uncertain about the new technology .
From a consumer point of view , it is not value for money .
The road users would not pay more for an underpowered vehicle let alone sacrifice more money to be environment friendly .
Furthermore , carmakers tried to promote cars using hydrogen technology which still requires years of development as claimed by experts .
This smokescreen failed to hide the truth that they just can not afford to lose the customers .
Government is another deciding factor in shaping the automobile technology .
For example , in 1998 the Carlifornia Air Resource Board mandated that any car companies capable of producing electric cars must ensure that 2 percent of their sales are emission-free cars .
However , despite 5000 electric cars were manufactured , 4000 were scraped after major car dealers pressured to cancel the mandate .
In other words , the governemnt take into account of the collapse of the automobile and oil industry and the consequences that will ensue , such as loss of jobs , increase in unemployment .
To sum up , oil companies , car manufacturers and the government considered issues from the economic view and realised that the consequences of making electric car a success are too drastic .
The oil and auto industry are too lucrative and at the same time crucial to the overall economy such that issues regarding pollution and environment are secondary to it .
Hence , the automobile technology is ultimately shaped by oil magnates , car companies and the government who are largely influenced by economic factors .
The two problems are attitude and funding which have severe impact on the local engineering process for innovations .
The engineering design process for innovations can be broken down into 3 stages , firstly creativity , secondly process and lastly materialization .
The two problems will be elaborated on how it impacts the engineering process for innovations .
This could be made due to personal and the society 's attitude .
We shall begin with the individual attitude and how it hampers the local engineering process for innovations .
Singaporeans tends to have an asian mentality which is prudence and stability .
Being prudent , Singaporeans tends to be less adventurous compared to their western counterparts .
One common scenario would be , parents who advice their children especially those with tertiary education to get a decent job and contribute to the family 's expenditure .
If their children , wants to go into the research and development profession example being a researcher in a university or students joining their local science competition that will not add to distinctions in the exams they will be advice against .
This will cause children who later grow into adults not to utilize their creativity the first step to engineering design process .
The second part would be the society 's attitude seeks to hamper the engineering process for innovations , an example would be Paddy Tan the creator who came up with a unique service can BAK2U a software that allows owners who lose their mobile phones to track down their lost mobile phone .
When he initially launch his software the response was lukewarm .
He had to bring his product overseas and made a break through before his product became recognize .
The local society does not have a positive attitude in accepting new engineering innovations this could affect the materialization stage of the engineering process for innovation .
If there is no one wants to accept a new creative product , it will be hard for it to exist in the market and will also deter people to participate in the engineering design process for innovations .
A good example is the formula racing car of National University Of Singapore ( NUS ) , the initial stages required the professors and his students to each come up with three hundred dollars to purchase the necessary parts .
However not all inventors had the luck of achieving initial success and thus receive funding .
Failure to secure funding will turn away inventors with engineering flare from even brainstorming for ideas affect creativity , in the process of coming up with innovations no funding seeks to terminate the inventors progress and with no funding its not possible to publicize about an engineering innovation .
, Serendipity is the accidental discovery of a new idea , and the 3M post-it pad is one example .
On 4 July 2009 ; The Straits Times reported the development of a new product , the Haptic Chair , by researchers from the National University of Singapore ( NUS ) to help the deaf experience sound .
For serendipity and research , the resources invested and how they are considered to be successful are different , but technologies of both nature bring benefit to the lives of people .
A case of serendipity occurred a few decades back when researchers from 3M laboratories discovered a new bonding agent .
Next , he distributed pads of the post-it notes to 3M 's president executive secretary , who also found them useful .
Eventually , the post-it pads were further distributed to different companies , leading up to its big marketing success today .
( Rogers , 2003 )
The product is made with the understanding that sound waves , apart from travelling through air , can also travel through solid matter .
( Grace , 2009 )
The difference between a serendipitous discovery and a researched technology are the resources invested in the development , and how the technology is gauged to be a success .
A serendipitous discovery happens by chance , and has no pre-allocated funds or project timeframe to be adhered to .
The post-it pads came about because the 3M researcher happened to have non-permanent adhesive , and he decided to come out with the new product on his own .
Before he gave the post-it pads to others , no funds or expertise were assigned to him for the post-its development .
In the case of The Haptic Chair , a team of researchers worked together with Suranga Nanayakkara , who also had the support of several working staff from the University .
A lot of time and effort has been put in by the team before they could actually come out with the product .
The post-it pads were only found to be successful after it was given to the 3M president 's executive secretary who found them useful and mass-distributed it to various companies .
It required the general public to see the item as something useful before it was deemed to be successful .
In The Straits Times article , it was reported that partially deaf musicians like teen piano prodigy Azariah Tan found various aspects of the invention intriguing .
( Rogers , 2003 , Grace , 2009 )
For the 3M researcher , he identified the need to stick notes on paper without leaving adhesive stains to damage original documents ; for the NUS student , he identified the need to create a product to aid those with hearing problems .
Both technologies benefit the lives of people , and have potential for profit .
In conclusion , we have come to learn that new technologies can come not just by research , but by serendipitous discoveries as well .
What we do need to bear in mind is this : technologies of both natures serve different groups of people in different scales , but they ultimately bring benefit to the lives of people .
Innovation starts when there is a need or when someone faces a problem and motivates people to find a way to solve it by generating new ideas .
As we need an equipment to solve problems .
Many technological innovations were formed by scientific research or by the interaction of scientific investigations and applied on practical needs and problems .
A new idea is created through results from rigorous process of research .
Others were serendipitously invented .
Serendipity means unexpected discovery of new ideas when finding something which is unrelated or in the process of researching in new inventions .
These findings are often unpredictable and uncertain .
Serendipitous discovery can happen to anyone as well as in many fields .
This stimulates development and research to create something in order to solve the problem or need .
For example General Motor 's electric car .
Besides that , GM wishes to reposition itself as an innovative company to the public .
These are the two factors that drive them to initiate the research and develop the electric car .
A farmer asked him to find out the cause of death of his cow which is caused by sweet clover disease .
He found out that an anticoagulation agent called coumarin is the cause of death of his cow when the hay stem punctured the cow 's stomach .
Years later he experimented it as a rat killer , and found out it is a very effective rodenticide .
The main contrast between technology created via research and technology created serendipitously is the former one has a clear direction of what they are inventing and the latter is created while in the process of researching or inventing something which is totally unrelated .
With the use of the findings through basic research and investigations , they are able to discover and create methods and develop a new tool to solve problems .
However , the latter does not have a specific objective , the discovery is purely unpredicted .
In conclusion , innovation occurs anywhere and anytime .
Through constant exchange of information about the problems , human needs and wants , we can come up with better ideas to solve problems and make our world a better place to live in .
Rogers ( 2003 ) defines that technology as a design for instrumental action that reduces the uncertainty in the cause-effect relationships involved in achieving a desired outcome .
However , some unpredicted technologies were invented by accident or serendipity .
The stove and microwave oven both are similarly used to cook our daily meal at home but they were discovered in two different ways .
Recognizing a problem or needs , basic and applied research and development are the 3 stages of the innovation-development processes , and we will use these stages to compare and contrast the two different technologies .
In the past , people started to use fire , coal , or heat from the sun to cook .
Stove was invented because people need to cook , which applied heat to prepare the food .
Dr. Percy Spencer discovered the microwave technology by serendipity when he found out that his candy bar in his pouch was melted when he was experimenting with his new magnetron .
The history of the stove and microwave shows that serendipity and researched technology came from a very different beginning .
Serendipity came from a branch of a problem or need , while research technology came straight from the problem or needs .
Subsequently , the technology needs to be further research on the basic application .
Stove has undergone a very long history and it has been tested and improved over the centuries .
Similarly , the microwave oven , although this technology is not needed or a purpose to begin with , but the research and basic application of the microwave oven is progressively improvise from the same technology as the microwave radio signal radar .
Thus we can see that both the technologies refer back to the previous basic and applications for further research .
Next , when the basic and application research of the technology has established , the development of the product will begin .
The first known stove was built on the ground with sticks foaming a tripod to hold the cooking pot above the heat source .
Today , it has become very compact and light , and features like the automatic functions to allow user to cook with just pressing a button .
In conclusion , we had compare and contrast the serendipitous and research technology using these three different stages of innovation-development process .
The results shows that both technologies was invented in two very different way ; research technology is a product created via recognition of problems and need , while serendipitous technology is discovered by pure accident and has no purpose at the beginning .
However , the two technologies are similar in these two stages after recognizing a problem or need : - further research on basic and application , and development stages .
It can be sub-divided into two categories : developed through research , the example being Bionic eyes or serendipitous discovery , the example being 3M 's Post-its .
Between the two categories , there are similarities such as achieving the aim of improving quality of life and numerous trials needed to be done before it is successful as well as differences like how this technology came about and the acceptance of the technology by other people .
One similarity between both categories is achieving the aim of improving quality of life for the people .
For Bionic eyes , it is developed as engineers are thinking of ways to improve visual displays in various fields such as gaming and in the aviation industry .
They hope to develop lenses such that they will allow players to be entirely immersed in the game allowing them to move without any constraints .
For the aviation industry , it is hope that through the new technology , pilots are able to know the speed of the plane almost immediately .
As for 3M 's Post-its , it comes in very handy when people want to remind themselves of events or when commenting on essays without having the need to write in the essay itself .
It is convenient to use as it can stick to almost any surfaces and also easy to peel off without leaving any marks .
In addition , both technologies have gone through numerous trials before it becomes what it is now .
In the case of Bionic eyes , the challenge was to choose materials that are harmless when used safe in the body and how to put circuit boards in contact lenses which are so tiny in size .
They also had to consider how to create the slim layer of circuit boards so that it can be placed in the contact lenses .
As for Post-its , it was initially to find a bonding agent that allows paper to bond but along the way , another type of bonding agent was discovered which was deemed as useless at first since it did not achieve its original aim .
One of the differences was how this technology came about .
For Bionic eyes , it was done via research after seeing it in a movie called 'Terminator ' , where a woman is able to zoom on places that are far away .
This gave the engineers the idea of whether what they see in the movie is able to become a reality .
As for Post-its , it was discovered accidentally by researches who were trying to find bonding agents that can be used to bind papers firmly to a surface .
It was a by-product of what they are trying to achieve .
It was once deemed as " worthless " until people found uses for it and it become one of the most commonly used product in our daily life and one of the products that makes the most revenue for 3M .
For Bionic eyes , it is easier for the public to accept it as this was done with the aim of developing lenses that will help improve quality of life .
In this sense , it will also be an easier task to find people to help market this product .
In the case of Post-its , it was initially being seen as a 'failure product ' since it did not achieve the aim of developing a bonding agent that will allow papers to be tightly bonded to the surface .
It is only accepted and marketed by the company after sending samples out to each Fortune 500 companies for them to test the product and received good feedbacks on the product .
If not , it may have just been abandoned and 3M may not be making such huge revenue each year .
In conclusion , both technologies , be it developed via research or resulted from a serendipitous discovery , it has achieved the aim of improving the lives of people .
Though initial acceptance to the two technologies was different and it all depends on the mindset of the public whether the technology being discovered is worth marketing or not as seen from the case of 3M Post-its .
One of the earliest inventions brought about by mankind was the wheel , ever since then we have never looked-back .
Over the past half decade , a new term " skunkworks " has surfaced .
This term describes the environment where small groups of researchers are not bound by corporate rules and politics .
There are several similarities and differences between the technologies generated by the " skunkworks " environment as compared to conventionally generated technologies .
Products generated by each environment may appear similar but actually differ in many ways and the environment plays an important part in shaping its distinctive features .
The first similarity that conventionally generated technologies and " skunkworks " environment generated technologies share is the ability to produce cutting-edge technology .
Take for example , the IMPACT car developed by General Motors ( GM ) and the Toshiba laptop .
The IMPACT car was conventionally generated by GM was set to change the fate of automobiles .
The second similarity is that in both environments , generally large amount of money and support has to be put in by the head company .
Hence long hours are required before any results are visible .
A few examples include , GM developing the first electric car named IMPACT , Apple developing their first Macintosh computer and Xerox 's attempt at developing the world 's first personal computer .
It is thus evident that huge amount of financing and support is generally required in both environments .
However , things do not always go as described in the above paragraph .
There are instances where " skunkworks " environments have little financing and support from the head company .
As a result , the Toshiba laptop has very little marketing as compared to the IMPACT car by GM .
This has resulted in very different products developed by each environment .
The " skunkworks " environment has been able to provide the developers the flexibility and freedom required to break traditional barriers and develop cutting-edge technologies .
Furthermore , " skunkworks " environment is very stressful as compared to the traditional corporate environment due to the lack of financing and hence room for error becomes much smaller .
The last and perhaps the most significant difference in the environments have to be the difference in the features of technologies developed by each environment .
An example of such a difference is again present between the IMPACT car and the Toshiba laptop .
Under the stressful skunkworks environment , the researchers from Toshiba are able to think critically and design the product to fit the needs of the society .
On the other hand , the researchers from GM have failed to realize that the public and society was not ready for their invention .
In conclusion , it is clear that the technology churned out by a " skunkworks " environment differ greatly to that of a conventionally generated technology .
The features and characteristics of the " skunkworks " technology set them apart from conventionally generated technology .
An innovation may come from different ways .
The idea of such an innovation can emerge though some research or it may be from some serendipitous discovery .
On one hand , one technology may be developed and polished through numerous research and experiment with a lot of effort .
On the other hand , some technology may be discovered purely by chance .
Two typical representatives are the electric cars and the Warfarin .
The electric car is invented by some hardworking engineers , while Warfarin is discovered serendipitously .
Although they are initialized differently , there are several similar stages of developing process .
Generally , one technology that is developed through research often begins with the need for practical uses or recognition of a social problem .
The electrical car is not an exception .
As the situation of the earth environment becomes worse , and the energy resources are exhausting , the need for inventing nonpolluting and energy- saving cars is urgent .
Some government encourages automobile companies to produce environmentally friendly cars .
Engineers ' motivation to design electric cars is obvious .
Nobody knew that the chemical in spoiled sweet clover key that led to cattle hemorrhage could actually be used as rat poison until the scientist Link accidentally found it .
Even he himself was surprised when he found this chemical was highly lethal to rats .
Despite the huge difference exists in identifying and initializing the innovations developed through research and via serendipitous discovery , there are similarities in some aspects throughout the process of development .
Serendipitous discoveries can not be put into use straight away .
Innovations and technologies are for the public use , and without the confirmation from lab work and data , they are not completed .
Besides the same basic applied research , technologies develop via research and from serendipitous discovery are similar in the way they benefit the society .
Both technologies are globally adopted by public , and bring benefit to the whole society .
To sum up , technologies developed via research and from serendipitous discovery are quite differently initialized .
However , they are similar in the sense that they have to undergo the same process of experiments and research , and both can be very successful and bring benefit to the whole society .
During the process of developing innovations , regarding every little detail seriously and never letting go any chance discovery are most important .
There are numerous problems faced by the world today .
Governments of different countries may have different agenda list , however aging population is definitely an issue present in the list .
Engineers play a huge role in assisting the government in achieving the aim of creating a better and safer environment for the elderly to live in .
With a safer environment , the welfare of the elderly will be improved and less social problems will be resulted .
Examples of such engineering design are the building of ramps at the main entrance of the flats , building handrails at the side of the stairs and also the wheelchair bound bus .
For example , the Housing Development Board ( HDB ) had implemented several designs to improve the convenience of the elderly , such as installing lifts on every storey and build wider internal corridors and hallways .
The designs had been proven useful by the flat holders who lived in the flat with all these facilities when the HDB first implemented them .
According to Khandani ( 2005 ) , after each solution is generated , it must be tested and implement to see the effects brought by the solution .
In this case , there is positive effects associated to the engineering designs made to the HDB flats , thus the government had implemented the solution throughout Singapore .
Many different countries had come out with many different innovative designs to facilitate the objective .
One such design is the wheelchair bound bus , whereby Singapore SMRT Corporation Ltd ( SMRT ) had provides bus with such service on the road .
This wheelchair bound bus is first implemented in the European countries , and people from other countries find that the design is not only innovative , it is also a very thoughtful design , in the sense that it benefits the elderly and also the handicap .
There is a engineering design process that is mentioned by Khandani ( 2005 ) that when engineers are thinking of the solution to the problem , they should actually research on more information on the relevant issue and observe how the others approach the problem .
Hence , in this case , SMRT observed the good response from the other countries that implemented this form of transport , and decided to try out the transport in Singapore .
Generally , the engineering design process consists mainly of the five procedures mentioned by Khandani ( 2005 ) which includes defining the problem , gathering the relevant information , think of solutions to the problem , analyze and select one solution , and test it out by implementing it .
Although all the steps mentioned by Khandani ( 2005 ) is crucial for designing a good engineering product , the most important step is to test out the solution and see how is the public response to it .
This is because every engineering product is designed to serve the people so as to bring a greater convenience to their life .
As a conclusion , engineering design is a never ending process , and it is the duty of the engineers to keep on coming up with solution to solve the pressing issue of creating better product for the aging population .
Increasing number of death rate due to traffic accidents have become a major problem in many countries .
The World Health Organisation ( WHO ) states that traffic accidents are in the ninth position among the reasons which leads to death .
When considering European Union , 1.3 million road traffic accidents occur each year , resulting in 1.7 million injuries and over 40000 death annually ( Ref : International Journal of Health Geographic ) .
Another alarming fact is that , even Singapore which implements strong traffic laws and regulations is also affected by this traffic accident problem .
The accident rate per 10,000 vehicles has increased from 2.34 in 2006 to 2.60 in 2007 in Singapore ( Ref : Singapore Police Force : { http : //www.spf.gov.sg } [ HYPERLINK : http : //www.spf.gov.sg ] ) .
The most important three features in the engineering design process will cater to the need to form a new traffic system .
Firstly , the first feature in the design process is the identification of the problem and to gather pertinent information .
This step will allow us to identify the reasons for the traffic accidents problem in different angles .
It will help us to pick the problems found in the current system by doing various studies of the current traffic system .
The studies of the current system include the gathering of relevant information which will be useful for us to analyse the situation .
For example , doing traffic counts , area-wide surveys , parking surveys , identify speeding rates of vehicles , analysing the queue length and the junction delays could be part of the studies to get a better understanding of the problem .
For instance , the times of India states that there was a survey taken in India regarding the percentage of vehicles in the road and the percentage of people taking public transports ( Ref : { http : //timesofindia.indiatimes.com } [ HYPERLINK : http : //timesofindia.indiatimes.com ] ) and this survey has really helped them understand which cities have high rate traffic jams and the reason for them .
Secondly , the second important feature is the idea generation process .
This is a very important process as it is the point where we will be able to come out with solutions to the problems .
In the process , we will be able to analyse the statistics/surveys we have obtained and generate new ideas to solve the problem .
These solutions may include device to identify those speeding at turns and install sensors to make sure that there is sufficient spacing between vehicles .
Netherland was the first country to implement such road safety devices and it proves that these solutions really help as their road accident rates dropped by 25 % in 2000 when compared with accident rates in 1985 ( Ref : { www.ictct.org/dlObject.php ? document_nr = 217&/Kraay.pdf } [ HYPERLINK : http : //www.ictct.org/dlObject.php ? document_nr = 217&/Kraay.pdf ] ) .
From this we can understand that it is essential to come out with a system which is useful in various ways .
So it is important to come out with ideas which will be a useful and economic solution to the problem .
It is the point where we will be selecting the solution which best suits the current situation and perfectly fits to the road of the country .
To conclude , it is very clear that engineering design process will be a useful method in solving the current human problem which is the traffic problem .
The three important features mentioned , problem identification part , analysing part and selecting the best solution , are the key features of the design process which will be really useful in solving the problem .
In the world currently , there are many pressing issues that need to be addressed by human beings .
They consist of problems like global warming and an aging population .
Solving these problems are human needs that we need to do as soon as possible .
The human need for better health care that should be the given the priority above the rest since it will affect us directly and its effects are much more immediate .
Hence , many health care products have been created and modelled by engineers to meet this need .
First and foremost , in recent years , we had two virus attacks that affected us badly , namely the Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome ( SARS ) and the Influenza A ( H1N1 ) virus .
Since these viruses are very contagious and their victims have a common symptom , fever .
The engineers had to come out with new thermometers that can help to contain the spread .
In the process of developing them , engineers can follow the engineering design processes described in Khandani ( 2005 ) .
Firstly , by understanding what they need , described as " designing the problem " , engineers will know that the new thermometer has to minimise contact between users to prevent spreading of the virus .
Other than that , engineers will also need to go through the process of " analysing and selecting a solution " to make sure that the new product is fairly accurate and it will not cause any health problem to the user before releasing it to the market .
As a result , the ear thermometer was introduced which is safe and fast .
It also minimises contact by using a plastic cover on the detector that will be disposed after use .
From the original design that requires manual operation by turning the wheels with hands to the wheelchair that can be moved with a single button , the wheelchair has undergone many changes .
Every change is made possible not by chance , but by following a set of engineering design process like the set mentioned in Khandani ( 2005 ) .
After the first wheelchair is made , it has benefitted many people .
However , engineers are not satisfied because they felt that it can be still improved after looking at how the users used it .
They started the process of creating an automated wheelchair by starting with " defining the problem " , that some users do not have enough strength to push the wheelchair .
After that , engineers have to " gather pertinent information " to make sure that this problem is real by doing a survey on the users so that they will not waste time designing something that the market does not need .
And when they have ideas how to solve this problem , they need to ensure they select the idea that is achievable with the current technology by " analysing the solutions " .
Some wheelchair users will try it out and give comments on it to find out if it has met criteria like user-friendliness before it is released into the market .
In conclusion , the two examples we mentioned have shown that engineering processes can play a big part in the designing phrase of a product , like how they make the thermometers safer and the wheelchair better for us .
Specifically , in the operating system ( OS ) market , there are two well-known examples , the Mac OS developed by Apple and the free open-source Linux OS .
These two OS reflect the obvious difference between the two ways of developing technology in their hardware platform , interface and price .
Meanwhile , Linux , coded in the skunkwork environment , does not have that much funds and ability to compare with Mac at that perspective .
The second difference between Mac and Linux lies in their structure .
Mac users , on the other hand , are restricted from the entering system files .
This makes the Linux OS more preferable among computer programmers and others who work in the field of information technology .
It is agreed by programmers from largest IT corporations such as IBM and Sun Microsystems that Linux is so far the most suitable environment for high-performance computing .
Despite their different structures and platform , the two operating systems are quite secured .
Being a skunkwork project , Linux sure has the advantage of price .
Its high requirement of computing knowledge makes Linux not popular among average computer users .
Mac , on the opposite , was designed for an entertainment and easy-to-use purpose .
Apple is also very efficient at advertising their product worldwide , so even when Mac and its software are much more expensive than for a normal OS , it is still one of the most wanted .
Furthermore , with the forth coming price drop , Mac is expected to be the operating system of choice for education and business .
However , research shows that the world is fast approaches two billion cars ( Sperling & Gordon , 2009 ) , and this poses a problem in the form of environmental pollution as well as causing adverse effects of our economy .
According to Nieuwenhuis and Wells ( 1994 ) , " In the early 1900s , when gasoline cars starting gaining popularity , resources like gasoline and steel could still be found in abundance " ( p.53 ) .
Every time a car is driven on the road , it is actually draining the world 's conventional petroleum resources , and contributes more to global warming .
Hybrid cars solve part of these problems by using more reusable material like plastic , as well as making them lighter and rely more on electricity to reduce fuel consumption and carbon emissions ( Berman , 2006 ) .
With the depletion of natural resources , funds have to be diverted into researching a cheaper alternative to gasoline as a fuel .
While the damage done by our continued reliance on cars and gasoline is severe , it is still not too late to do anything about it .
Comparing Tamiflu with Penicillin , although they work differently on different micro-organisms , both of them do benefit to the human population .
Most species of bacteria have a rigid cell wall , which prevents them from bursting when they are placed in solutions of low salt concentration as compared to the cell .
However , the viruses do not have cell walls and thus Penicillin has no effect on them .
With Tamiflu , which is also known as neuraminidase inhibitors , neuraminidase is inhibited and thus the virus is unable to exit the host cell and dies ( Roche , 2006 ) .
Due to the distinct difference in the structures of virus and bacteria , Tamiflu and Penicillin perform differently on them .
Penicillin benefits greatly as it has the ability to cure people suffering from once-fatal bacterial diseases .
Similarly , Tamiflu is also proven to be effective in the treatment and for the prevention of influenza in adults and in children .
Regardless of whether the technology is developed via research or discovered serendipitously , they have significant contributions to mankind .
For instance , there is always a need for new and better anti-flu drugs as virus gets mutated very easily and will soon acquire resistance to Tamiflu .
Who knows , may be in a few years time , the real cure for influenza virus will be discovered serendipitously and till that day , influenza virus will no longer be a threat to us .
It would be most appropriate to explain this phenomenon from comparing the key features of the two different types .
In contrast , the Sony VAIO AR , a laptop for Sony that is created in a conventional environment , has a battery life of 2.5 hours only hence it is not as popular as the Macbook Pro .
However , in a conventional environment , there were restrictions and standard procedures to follow closely .
In fact , this technology was accepted by cement industries and environmentalists CITATION Alo09 \ l 1033 ( Jha , ECO Worldly , 2009 ) .This clearly illustrates that a well researched technology gathers more support as it is perceived that a technology that has solid proof ( via experimentations and research ) have lesser unexpected outcomes in future , compared to a serendipitously discovered invention .
The interesting fact is that this project is funded by the government-backed Technology Strategy Board .
In my opinion , serendipitously discovered technology faces problem when it comes to gathering support and marketing while a well researched technology faces problem during the research and development stage .
The online video sharing website , Youtube , for example managed to grasp this concept and gained immense popularity within six months , hitting a peak 4000 from 200 daily page views per million in May ( Anderson , 2006 ) .
The website is developed to integrate Macromedia flash player software tool that enable internet users to view youtube videos from their web browsers directly , without having to download it to their computers and view it with secondary video playing programs such as window media player ( Sandra , n.d. ) .
Thus , the time and computer hardware space needed to view a video is effectively being shortened to provide greater convenience .
This convenience and ease of use , appeals to many internet users whom do not have very fast and stable internet connections by allowing them to watch their videos online as it downloads .
Since anyone can upload any video on to Youtube and allow anyone on Youtube to view it , many uploaded videos containing inappropriate content were easily accessible to minors .
The exclusive right granted to its original author to be credited for his work is valued to the extend it became a law in many society .
However , A huge amount of videos posted online consisting of television shows , music videos , movies and animes that were without the permission of their creators .
Subsequently , this forced Youtube to introduce its " Video ID " system which will check uploaded videos with a database of copyrighted material and denial any uploading if it finds a match ( Youtube , 2009 ) .
It is also intensively consumer focused and very flexible , able to adapting to the needs and demands of internet users quickly .
In addition , regular novel upgrades to its website continue to entice more webs surfers as well as generating more internet traffic to their website .
In this essay , we will discuss an innovation of a Bluetooth communication system for cyclists and one of the problems that the Bluetooth innovation faces and the impacts the problem has on certain stages of the process .
This Bluetooth communication system ( bike bug ) encounters the challenge of a lack of market demand which affects its likelihood of the commercialization process occurring which is being launch into the market .
Although , the number of cyclists who ride in large groups has risen over the years , number of official members of " joyriders " stand at 120 in May 2007 ( JoyRiders , 2006 ) , compared to Singapore population of 4.84 million people in June 2008 ( Singapore Government , 1871 ) , the number of cyclists that cycle in groups are insignificant .
Therefore , this indicates that the demand is low as cyclists who travel alone , in pairs , or in small groups and those people who do not cycle do not require and have the need for bike bug .
The structure of the bike bug 's earpiece does not look capable of fitting snuggly to the cyclist 's ear .
Third , it is the bike bug level of acceptance to consumers .
Even though 33 million of Bluetooth headsets were shipped in 2005 and the figure is expected to increase to over 55 million in 2006 ( Bluetooth special interest group , 2006 ) , compared to the world population of 6,808,515,373 people ( Geohive , 2009 ) , people who use Bluetooth headsets are considered the minority .
Hence , as bike bug is a Bluetooth headset gadget , I predict a not so bright future for its sales record .
With this two sub-factors plus the slow acceptance of Bluetooth headset compared to other Bluetooth devices , potential manufacturers of bike bug is deterred as it is not economic practical to mass produce bike bug .
It is therefore shown that for bike bug to be successfully launch into society , much is needed to raise bike bug popularity among the public .
One difference is on the problems the invention was being considered the past .
Being one of the manufacturers who wanted to outwit IBM , the inventors of Compaq pondered how to develop laptops computers that were faster , being superior in qualities , and offered additional features to please consumers .
For this case , Compaq was in the mainstream of developing portable computers , but exceeding what IBM had for offering to consumers with just an awesome BIOS System .
When Tetsuya Mizoguchi , the inventor of Toshiba laptop computer envisioned developing a product which was compatible to an IBM system , he was obstructed by the fact that corporate leaders at Toshiba deemed the development of such a product were difficult ( Rogers , 2003 ) .
Moreover , the company back then suffered huge losses in marketing their personal computers .
18 engineers examined IBM 's BIOS system and figured the development their own by reverse engineering .
The engineers were divided into 2 groups one group on analyzing the original codes , another on making notes on how it exactly functioned .
Though Compaq and Toshiba took different approaches in developing laptop computers , they had the same motive of creating great laptop computers and took part of the big pie in the market .
Initially , BlackBerry smartphones were introduced for occupied executive , politicians and lawyers ( McKenna , Waldie , & Avery , 2009 ) .
Consequently , BlackBerry Enterprise Server ( BES ) was also released to help the businessmen keep track of their works and keep in touch with their employees .
As the demand of so-called normal users increased , RIM had to evolve .
In fact , according to Dabrowski , the majority of subscribers in the three months ended February 29th was " non-enterprise " users ( Dabrowski , 2009 ) .
The release of Storm marked a milestone of RIM when it gave up its well-known QWERTY keyboard to give way for a new trend .
In August 2009 , United States most renowned non-profit organization on applied research and development , Southwest Research Institute ( SwRI ) is awarded the 2009 R&D 100 Award for developing a Plasma Enhanced Magnetron Sputter ( PEMS ) technology that is particularly meant for coating , ( Southwest Research Institute [ SwRI ] , 2009a , 2009b ) .
On the other hand , largest independent research university in the state of Ohio , Case Western Reserve University ( CWRU ) developed a technology for new applications in packaging via accidental discovery , ( Case Western Reserve University [ CWRU ] , n.d. ) .
Lastly , the application for SwRI technology includes ( SwRI , 2009b ) aero-engine components , land-based turbine blades , helicopter rotor blades , military weaponry components , oil and gas productions .
First , search-and-rescue is a crucial mission that is better performed by robots than the combat medics during times of war .
On the other hand , if the robots are used and they are attacked by the enemy , the military team can just simply deploy new robots at strategic locations where the robots can avoid any chance of encountering the enemy .
The Lockheed Martin ( Lockheed Martin , 2009 ) has been proactive with skunkwork invention ever since WWII pioneered by L.Kelly Johnson .
On the other hand , the Aerovironment adopt conventional process for invention .
As the UAV are to operate on all terrain , conventional landing method was not used .
However , both UAV has adopted two different ways to land .
The Desert Hawk was design for crush landing ( Staff Sgt .
This was not very popular among the user as it will affect the durability of the machines .
On contrast , the Raven make use of the advance programming to aid landing by making the UAV to experience deep stalling mode ( Army Technology , 2009 ) to greatly reduce speed and impact for landing .
Whenever a change the route during flight , it require some amount of time before the pre-allocated waypoint can be reset .
The Raven was able to switch between two modes of operation such that the second mode allows user to operate the UAV manually ( Army Technology , 2009 ) .
The Raven is now operated by eight military forces around world and still increasing .
While the Desert Hawk is the only user still operating the UAV .
With all the improvement and continuous development , it make the future generation of UAV to be better than what we have today .
Technology has been evolving fast throughout last 50 years .
In fact , these technologies may be categorized into two typesconventional and skunkworks .
The smallest laptop it produced , Toshiba 's Libretto U100-S213 , has only the size of 21.0 x 3.33 x16.51 cm and weight of 2.2 pounds .
On the other hand , Apple has also release its highly portable laptop called Macbook Pro which is the thinnest 17-inch laptop in the world .
Its fashioned design has brought it many customers , especially the young people .
There is no dramatic change in the design of Toshiba laptop over the last 20 years .
Since the lifespan of the laptop might be difficult to measure , we investigate the durability of their batteries .
The battery pack in Macbook Pro occupies the space of the removable battery and obtains a 40 percent more capacitance .
In contrast , although Toshiba also adopted lithium-ion cell battery pack in its laptop , the longest battery life was measured to be 5.1 hours , which is much shorter than Macbook Pro .
Therefore , in terms of design and battery durability , Mac laptop has a better performance than Toshiba laptop .
Although Mac laptop seems to have a bigger market , Toshiba never stops innovating new type of laptop .
It is hard to conclude which technology is betterconventional or skunkworks .
Before the first laptop was developed , Japanese computer users find it hard to work .
This is mainly due to the lack of space for a desktop computer .
Furthermore , most of the Japanese do not have a computer at home .
Hence , this has driven Tetsuya Mizoguchi to develop a portable computer , despite being rejected by his company , Toshiba ( Rogers , 2003 ) .
The laptop could have being developed much earlier , if Toshiba took the risk to develop the portable computer .
During that time , Toshiba has just suffered huge losses with the failure of their latest personal computer ( Rogers , 2003 ) .
Therefore , they are unwilling to take risks , and stick to known methods that work .
If the leaders in Toshiba are willing to take the risk to believe in Mizoguchi 's idea , the laptop would have been developed much earlier and will not take 2 years to be developed .
The quality of the laptop would also be much better , as they will have more funds and more talented people to develop the laptop .
After the first laptop was successfully developed , Toshiba still refuses to market the laptop .
Fortunately , the idea of the laptop was not discarded , as it was later marketed aggressively by Toshiba Europe , who felt that the portable computer has great market value ( Rogers , 2003 ) .
This has resulted in the birth of the laptop , as it started gaining popularity .
The laptop 's rising popularity led to the continuation of the laptop , as it was a great marketing success .
This has also led other companies to develop their own laptop ; so as to gain a portion of the market share .
With more competition , each company is constantly trying to outdo each other by constantly developing and promoting their latest product .
In the case of the laptop , we may not be able to see a laptop today if Mizoguchi did not aggressively pushed on his idea .
The first problem might be the lack of key qualities like creativity and an open mindset caused by the kind of education system we have and the environment we grew up in , while the second problem might be the aging population in our country , Singapore .
These might well be the two factors hindering local engineers from potentially producing creative innovations .
Therefore we can see those students are only encouraged to greater explore and express their creativity during their tertiary years of studies .
Thus this might affect them in a way that by not trying out new and refreshing ideas , the end product of their innovations would definitely be lackluster and unappealing .
Therefore , with this problem local engineers are bound to face problem while innovating .
As we know that the aged in Singapore might not be as tech savvy as the youngsters .
Therefore we might need to first look into the causes of the problems such as the Singaporean 's " Kiasi " and " Kiasu " mindset caused by the kind of environment we live in and probably the education system for the younger generations in Singapore .
We can even say that science and technology have been treasured so much that they are almost treated as a symbol of a country ' strength .
In fact , they just think It a waste of time .
Therefore , many scientists may make an invention , only to find that it was stolen by others and their works made no effect .
In such conditions , scientists will be discouraged from inventing to some extend .
Due to the above two problems , Chinese Engineering design was harmed seriously .
In the National Day Rally Speech 09 , Prime Minister Lee Hsein Loog mentioned about the rapidly increasing ageing population .
Firstly , the majority of the elderly population are often outdated with the newer technologies , most of them are unable to handle modern gadgets .
Lastly , an ageing population would mean the special care needs to be directed in order to cater to the needs of them .
This is due the kind of society we are brought up in .
Extra care and efforts must be provided to consider the safety and wellbeing of the elderly .
Moreover due to the trend , products must be centered on them rather then youths .
Our government does in fact provides some kind of incentives to researchers .
" ( Yue Sun , p.184 ) Generally , design is a process of an imagination being produced by a human .
How creative or attractive the product is which will depend on the imagination of a designer , regardless of which area a designer focuses on .
The first problem is due to government related issues while the second is related to the environmental issues .
First of all , the government related issues will affect the engineering design process .
A good government will come out with a clear policy to help its people along the way such that financially support the engineers and to provide sponsor for other organizations to assist in the work of an engineer .
However , even if the engineers have received a financial support from the government or other organization , the funding may be limited sometimes due to long term processes which involve problem solving methodology and testing for the innovative design to be carried out .
At the same time , the government and the companies will doubt this engineering design is workable or not if it takes too long to progress .
Frankly speaking , there are engineers who only care about the profit they are going to make regardless about the effects bring to our environment .
However , due to the increase in demand for motorbike , the use of motorbike results in environmental problems such as air pollution and resource depletion of fossil fuel .
In conclusion , I do think that a government policy and environmental issues will hinder the engineering design for innovation .
A good government has to come out with a clear policy to benefit for its people together with the concern towards the environment .
Otherwise , most of the engineering design for innovation could be a failure without any success .
There are many different types of engineering discipline in Singapore .
There are the architectural , biomedical , civil , computer , electrical , industrial , mechanical and software engineering .
For architectural , it is more related to designing of buildings for commercial , residential and industrial purpose .
Civil engineering is the focus of structuring design for infrastructure such as bridges and roads .
Industrial engineering is the designing of multiple manufacturing products while lastly is mechanical engineering , which is the oldest of the engineering field , is the designing of the mechanical systems .
According to Jonathan Dunder ( p.1 ) , engineering is the designing , troubleshooting and testing of products that science , mathematics , physics and the technology .
Designing of engineering innovation may takes up to several years of process to see the ideal final output product coming to reality .
There is the creativity , when idea comes to mind , follow by the process where idea is slowly turning to reality by the organization .
Finally is the entrepreneurship process where innovations are punch into the new market .
During these stages of innovation , different problems are faced by the engineers , some problems are significant enough that may lead to the closing of innovation .
Here , two of the major problems faced shall be discussed .
Experienced engineers are needed in the organization to speed up with the innovation process .
So here , in Singapore , the first major problem faced in the innovation designing process is the high salaries by the senior , experienced engineers and the freshly graduate engineers from the ITEs , Polytechnics as well as the Universities .
According to jobstreet.com , a statistics report done by 3.5 million members in terms of the numbers of years working experiences in the engineering world shows that the longer the experiences , the higher the qualification , the higher will be the monthly wages .
As the ageing-population in Singapore over the couples of decades will increase tremendously , as well as only 40-45 % of graduates in ITEs , Polytechnics and Universities are trained in some form of engineering ( said by Patrick ( p.8 ) ) , organizations in Singapore , in order to proceed with their innovations , they have no choice but to turn their way to the more senior and experienced engineers .
The population of Singapore predicted will increase from the current 4.8 million people to 6.5 million people in the coming years according to the speech by Lim ( 2009 ) .
It will cost more and it will be hard for the organization in order to be in Singapore to proceed on with the engineering innovation process .
Infrastructure will also be a problem as well for the organization due to lack of land area .
Not only is Singapore , organizations in other countries too met with many significant difficulties during their innovation designing process .
But there too are a couple of successful innovations being done by organizations in Singapore such as Creative Technology .
Now the credit cards are very popular in the world .
For example the circulation of credit cards in China jumps from 3 million in 2003 through 50 million in 2006 to 122 million in 2008 ( " What is credit card " , n.d. ) .
How is the magical card created ?
Which factors lead to its production ?
I think there are three factors which contribute to the production of credit card .
Moreover , computer technology and network technology broaden the range of credit card 's service and make a strong link between the card and our daily life .
Secondly , from an economical perspective , it can be summarized in two points : one is the consumption concept implied in the credit card that consumption before payment .
Also it to some extent increases the value of goods .
For example , one has to spend twenty days on saving money and then before he affords to buy a nice coat .
So one earns the extra twenty-day usage of the coat thanks to the credit card .
There are several simple methods of payment by using credit card such as punching the card on POS machine and RFID machine , network payment and telephone payment .
This character of credit card makes it adapt to the pace of modern life .
In summary , the consumption concept that consumption before payment is the main reason of credit cards ' production .
However , in china , there are still some problems humping the developing of engineering designs .
From my point of view , two of the main problems are on the government system and people 's minds .
Some government officials do not do well in their on their positions and sometimes there are official corruptions in government .
For example , when somebody or some companies want to apply new techniques into practice , in some certain situations , they had to ask the government for permissions .
Because of the officials , this process can cost a long time so that the company lose precious time .
Moreover , if the techniques can bring generous benefit to the company , some officials may use all kinds of excuse to delay or even refuse to give permission until they get bribes from the company .
In some other cases , in order to protect big companies , officials may prevent new techniques and engineering designs from coming into certain area .
In modern society , 3G technique brings a new revolution in cell phone and information industry .
The reason was that at that time some giant communication company did not have that technique and their profitable old businesses may be replaced by 3G business .
The result is people who invent the new techniques can not benefit from them and then nobody is willing to do new engineering designs .
Besides the problems in governmental system , some social conventional concepts can also obstruct the improving of engineering designs .
They are afraid that they can not control changes in their daily life .
This concept have negative influences , on one hand people do not want to do new engineering designs and discourage others to do so .
As a result seldom designs can be applied into practice .
They have bad effects on the developing of engineering techniques in China .
However , as the world becomes more competitive and " smaller " , government and public have realized the importance of sane policy and innovation .
From the research , the World Health Organization assumes that about 80 % of all disabled people worldwide live in developing countries .
It is also estimated that there are 600 million disabled people in the worldwide , which is about 10 % of the world population .
Among these disabled people , 1987 data from the World Health Organization estimate that 27-35 million people are blind in the world , of which about 20 % in Africa and 65 % live in Asia .
The amount of blind is rising , first because of rapid increase in population size in developing countries ; and second despite of increased longevity , as ageing is concerned with visual loss from cataract , glaucoma and macular degeneration .
Hence , the first solution is to invent and innovate equipments that help combat with blindness .
Building eyes treatment center is another way to reduce blindness .
First of all , we , engineers have to fabricate products which combat with blindness , also user-friendly and low cost .
We will introduce not only new paradigm of instructions but also new approach to delivering this up to date equipments .
Secondly , building eyes treatment center where patients can get treatment and buy the optical equipment .
Additionally , an attempt will be made to work with private initiators in order to build treatment center which is run only by people who are blind and have visually damage .
Since , having the special treatment for blind and visually damage people is a once- only expense , but it is very expensive .
So to finance these expenses , we have to set up community services activities such as fund raising .
It is getting even lower : from 33 % working blind people in 1995 to 29 % in 1998 ( Harris , 1998 ) .Therefore , in order them to make progress , new possibilities and new occupational areas are needed .
In conclusion , blind people should also have same opportunities as everyone else which means to get a freedom from extreme limitation , to accomplish and to be able to having confidence .
So that other people must give respect to them .
Moreover , their passions are same as others .
They too have same dreams and assurance that they can reach their target .
The rapid increase of number of cars exhausts more carbon dioxide which is actually worsening the Green House effect .
Although countries like the US have already spent more than 10 years to do research and development on electric cars ( e-car conversions ) , however , there are still two main problems that significantly affect its growth in the market of china .
The government support is one of the main difficulty that prohibiting the development of electric cars .
First of all , the running duration of the electric cars is what the government concerns .
By using the most advanced batteries , a fully charged electric car can run about 160km ( First Business Daily ) .
However , comparing to the gasoline cars which can last for 500 to 600 km , the distance travelled by the electric cars is still considered as too limited .
The government worries that the electric cars will restrict the development and expansion of those big cities due to its short running duration .
Second , the cost for building the infrastructure of the electric cars is really a big amount of money .
There are about 600 cities in China , imaging how much it costs if the battery charging facilities are built in every car park .
Besides that , the development of the electric car industry will definitely affect traditional gasoline car industry .
The Thousands of petrol stations will have to close for no business ; petrol related service industries will also be severely affected .
As a result , many people work in these areas will lose their jobs .
The government is reluctant to see such kind of bad influence to the economy .
Many people suggest building electric cars as those are eco friendly .
Although there are wasted gas treatment process in those factories , carbon dioxide emission is still unavoidable .
The only advantage is that the factories have high efficiency of resources using with less pollution .
Besides that , making use of batteries will also have negative influence to the earth .
Normally , batteries are not biodegradable and there are toxic substances , such as mercury , inside the batteries ( cleantech ) .
( Economist Intelligence Unit , 2007 , para 1 ) Over the last decade , Japan has created many new technologies and creative innovation in different fields such electronic industry , transportation and nanotechnology .
The first problem is lack of appropriate source of finance and the second problem would be the mindset of Malaysian .
In year 2003 , Malaysian Science and Technology Information Centre ( MASTIC ) has conducted national surveys of innovation and discovered that , in Malaysia , there are about 800 innovating companies .
( CACCI Journal , 2007 , pg.3 ) Hence , lack of financing resources has became the major problem for them .
Therefore , Malaysia government would concentrate more on agriculture and put most of their budget into it .
Furthermore , to develop innovation across a nation , mindset of citizen would be a vital part .
Malaysia intermediate past prime minister , Datuk Seri Abdullah Badawi ( 2003 ) once stated , " The way I see it , the malaise affecting Malaysia that may well jeopardize our way forward is a case of having first world infrastructure and third world mentality .
" ( pg.4 ) This has somehow proven that most of the Malaysians are not improving by all means .
In my opinion , Malaysians prefer to live a relaxing environment instead of an environment that full of challenges .
They do not have the modal to do research even they have a great idea .
It is hard to have a new idea pops out from their minds as they will not think out of the box .
In conclusion , the engineering design processes for innovations in Malaysia is still in the very first phase .
Malaysia government should be more concern about these two major problems and solve them adequately .
Besides that , Malaysian should also start to work hard in order to make Malaysia a developed country instead of developing country .
Over the years , the proportion of elderly ( Residents aged 65 Years & Over ) with respect to the whole population in Singapore has increased drastically .
Till last year in 2008 , it has hit the highest proportion of elderly ever seen - A shocking proportion of 8.7 % ( Singapore Government Statistics , 2009 ) .
However , the scheme did not achieve its aim as people continue to occupy the 'Priority Seats ' and did not give them up to those who needs it more .
" The LTA , SBS Transit and SMRT , have standardised the signs for priority seating in MRT trains .
The new signs are in blue and white , aligned with the colour code for the International Symbol of Access , and state 'Reserved Seating ' instead of 'Priority Seating ' to make the call-for-action to give up the seats more authoritative and forceful " ( LTA , 2009 ) .
' to promote graciousness on public transport " ( LTA , 2009 ) in the recent months .
One of the aims of this program is to promote the idea of giving up the reserved seats to those who needs it more .
" Sad to say , no impact and people are still sitting at these seats and worst still , even when there was older folks standing around " ( David , 2009 ) .
Firstly , instead of having a 'Reserved Seat ' , changed it to 'Reserved Carriage ' - A whole carriage specially for the elderly and others who are entitled to it .
This concept is similar to the method of entering the MRT station but of course , no money will be deducted .
Secondly , we will use back the idea of the 'Reserved Seat' .
Upon tapping of the EZ-Link card , the seat will be 'unlocked ' and people who are entitled to the 'Reserved Seat ' are now able to sit .
In the second option , however , the elderly are taken care of by the other commuters even in case of emergency .
The last comparison is the usage of the space .
I believe that if the LTA really hope to solve this problem , the cost would not be an issue .
" I saw documentary on CNA and they were showing that the reserved seats in their train remains empty despite the fact that the train was crowded yet no one occupy these seats .
It was mentioned that the Koreans has much respect for the old and also they are more gracious " ( David , 2009 ) .
Corruption is everywhere and its not limited to the government alone , but has spread to the greedy private sector as well .
Corruption in India is on a totally different scale , people here do n't take money just to do things out of their way but to do their jobs as well !
For example , let us consider a government officer in the housing board development sector , his job is to attest any stamp paper that may come his way for approval , if it were an ideal country he would do his job but this being India , you would probably pay him a handsome amount to just do his job !
This hefty price tag has delayed the rolling out of the 3G service in India whilst other countries are moving on to 4G .
For example , broadband costs in India are still one of the highest in the world , simply because not a lot of people are aware about it and thus not a lot of them want to take it , this forces the ISP ( Internet Service Provider ) to raise increase the profit margin per person .
The instinct of most people now , when they encountered any problems , is to seek help on Internet .
According to the survey conducted by Nielsen ( 2009 ) : 256 million people visited a search engine in December 2006 81 % of the global Internet population .
Comparing with going to bookstores or libraries and watching TV , which cost people time and money , it is cost effective to search information through search engines .
The last but not the least , search engines lead people into a realm of information .
It does no only have a vast database , but also possess advanced functions which classify and sort these information into different categories .
It definitely started a new age of information gathering .
Through making the gathering process easier and more reliable , it saves the time , effort and resources of people .
According to recent statistics , every 1 in 8 people in Singapore aged between 15 to 64 is an elderly citizen .
( http : //www.singstat.gov.sg/stats/charts/popn-area.html ) , this is an astonishing figure .
With the advent of modern technology and sciences , living to a ripe old age was nothing too spectacular .
This reduction will no doubt cripple on the country 's economy , as funds will have to be used to cater to the needs of the older majority .
It is therefore , required of the community to be able to design products to convenient them .
This is crucial because the design of the product will be diversified , less the innovations and possibilities be constrained and disregarding other important aspects such as safety .
The information gathered from such surveys will be used in the processing and the decision of the final product out of the many initial designs will be largely based on these statistics .
Up till 2007 , there are 2.4 Billion people or 36 % of the planet 's population actually carry at least one phone ( Tomi,2007 ) , which means there are around 4 out of 10 people carrying a phone !
Around 10 to 20 years back , the mobile phone costs at least thousands to get a phone with basic functions equal to a basic land line phone .
In contrast , mobile phones nowadays cost as low as 50 dollars or even to be given as free !
Another reason that caused this to happen is due to higher demand toward the mobile phone .
In short , economical factors such as physical properties and price of phones are some of the examples that lead the mobile phone to be socially determined .
During the World War 2,Handie -Talkie and the backpack walkie-talkie were what soldiers used during the war ( Tom,2007 ) .During the end of the war , equipments used during the war , mainly the radio phones ( the mobile phone 's predecessor ) were then brought to everyday usage .
The development of the mobile phone was in process over the 60 years and now we have such innovative product , the best example would currently be the IPhone .
As a minor conclusion , we can see that from the military demands 60 years ago plays an important role in today 's development of the mobile phone .
Most countries encourage people with the usage of computers , the internet service and the mobile phone .
As a result , the number of people using mobile phones is increased .
Engineering design process is usually a cyclic process where decisions making are required .
Often , engineering sciences , basic sciences and mathematics are applied to convert the information available optimally to achieve the desired deeds .
Basically , this process can be divided into a various steps including identifying objective , defining problems , conducting researches , analyzing solutions , making decisions , presenting the products and finally , selling the products .
These are the universal steps in the process which followed by most of the engineers .
In Malaysia , the corruption in the politic system has leads to slow development in design process .
Besides , the education system introduced leads to lack of creativity and innovation on engineers .
Undeniable , politic system in a country plays an essential role in development of the country .
Statistically has shown that Malaysia ranked 47th out of 180 nations on Transparency International 's 2008 Corruption Perception Index .
Under most circumstances , one needs to bride in order to accomplish his or her objective .
For example , bribing is necessary and people usually got to pay under-table money to establish an engineering company , or to conduct a project .
One of the crying shames is the defects in Middle Ring Road 2 ( MRR2 ) fiasco , which happened on October 2004 .
The British engineering consultancy firm , Halcrow Concultant Ltd , had found that there were structural defects of piers on the MRR2 highway due to design flaw .
Then , the Work Ministry and the Cabinet had decided to replace the British with a German consultant , which costs RM40 million and at last , the Work ministry admitted that the repair cost was RM70 million .
Therefore , it was not shocking to say that the money had been bribed by the higher authority .
It is painful to hear that the repair works have to be deferred as the Anti-corruption Agency ( ACA ) stepped into the investigation of the fiasco .
Indirectly , these corruptions had hampered the engineering design process in the stage of analyzing solutions to get the repair work done as fast as possible .
In addition , lack of creativity and innovations have been identified to be the main problems in hampering engineering design process , which might due to the current education system in Malaysia .
Most of the students now were so used to be spoon fed .
They were usually spoon fed with dictated notes , and they expect that every solution will be provided .
They were overindulged by teachers as knowledge or information was provided to them in an oversimplified way , causing students to be too relying on teachers .
Students were treated in a way that discouraging independent thought and learning process , thus indirectly hindered their abilities to analyze and interpret problems due to lack of creativity .
Consequently , the two reasons have caused lack of development in engineering design process .
The corruption in politic system and abuse of power by the higher authorities hinders one 's motive to design a product as the steps to run a project is so cumbersome .
As a result , there will be less and less engineering products being develop , causing people might not have opportunities to enjoy the conveniences and leisure that bring by the products .
On the other hand , inadequate of creativity and innovations on engineers has leads to lack of knowledgeable engineers to design a product .
An engineer might have difficulties in interpreting solutions and making decisions during design process if he or she is lack of creativity .
Indirectly , insufficient of human resources in engineering field might leads to poor economy , due to lack of progression in engineering field .
In conclusion , corruption in politic system and lack of creativity on engineers , indisputable , significantly hampers engineering design process .
Therefore , action should be taken to prevent further corruption in politic system so that engineering design process would not be hinder .
Hence , government should encourage independent learning so that students will be more creative and innovative to facilitate engineering design process .
Before 1870 , people could communicate with one another in a distance away only by the mean of writing .
But on 1876 , Alexander Graham Bell invented a device that changed the world .
He invented telephone - a device that allows two remotely located users to communicate by voice between each other ( Mary Bellis , n.d ) .
Similarly , Konrad Zuse has invented the first computer , which satisfies our need for a systematic and efficient method of data management ( Mary Bellis , n.d ) .
Therefore , they play a crucial role in the society that never fails to improve our standard of living .
Today , one of the main concerns about human need is the innovation of a more environmental-friendly vehicle .
Once alternative solutions to the design problem have been conceived , we proceed to analyze those solutions and select the best solution for implementation , the fourth step in the engineering design processes .
We must also consider the means of implementation such as prototyping and concurrent engineering , nevertheless the distinct activities during implementation , like documentation of design solution and application for patents ( Seyyed , 2005 ) .
In the contemporary world , preventing heart diseases is inarguably one of the most pressing needs of mankind , which is rated as the top priority for engineering design and innovation .
As years of researches conducted by the WHO ( world health organization ) have repeatedly shown , heart malfunctioning is the most killing threat among all health-related problems to our lives .
This essay will explain in detail the working of modern implanted pacemakers and therefore how they have met the need in maintaining a smoothly beating heart .
Besides the serious occasions of heart malfunctioning , pacemaker can also help regulate the heart beat when the patient is performing certain activities , such as exercising and sleeping .
Moreover , the pacemaker records the rhythms of the patient 's heart beat in different situations and hence helps the doctor to write programs that suit the patient better .
The reasons why implanted pacemakers have gone through generations of development and enlisted as one of the top 50 inventions in the past 50 years are that they are portable , which means they can effectively prevent sudden heart attacks , and dependable as they run on computer programs which are constantly renewed by having more suitable ones stored in the patients ' bodies .
This invention is certainly a masterpiece of engineering design due to its contribution in the enhancement of health through maintaining a functional heart , without which the whole foundation of mankind shall collapse .
In the 21st century , human beings face a lot of serious problems , such as global warming , environment pollution , weather change , and frequent natural disasters .
In general , three aspects can be innovated : they are improving the effectiveness of energy use and production , designing methods to store and accumulate small portions of energy , and finding cleaner and renewable energy resources .
The tradition energy resources like oil and coal are going to their end in less than 100 years according to scientists ' estimation .
Many engineers turn to ocean motion , geothermal power and other areas to find a good replacement .
To ensure an enough energy supply has become an urgent current human need than ever before .
No one think and No one to share
From 1840 to 1949 , Chinese people were suffering from World War II and Chinese civil war .
After these battles and wars , Chinese people finally stepped in to a new era , a peaceful but impoverished era .
Chinese people did not have time to develop their economy and technology .
Therefore , Chinese economy and technology was far behind those developed country .
However , Chinese people did not give up ; Chinese leaders put forward a series of policies .
Moreover , every Chinese people want to contribute to establishing a new China .
That is why Chinese economic situation was much better than before .
For technology aspect , a group of Chinese scientists and engineers scarified their holiday and worked every day and night in order to improve the technology of China .
Therefore , many excellent and designed technological outcomes appeared in that period of time .
But now , there are two factors hamper the design process for innovation .
One is the students are lack of the innovative thinking system .
Learning means to learn and use the knowledge which is taught by teachers .
Thinking means students consider how these theorems derived and how to find the simplest way to solve the problem .
For example , when students are asking teachers questions , they usually would ask I can not solve this problem , why this formula does not work .
However , we want to hear students ask that I have tried a new method to solve this question .
Can you help me check whether is method can use or not .
The main reason for this problem is the Chinese situation .
China has the largest population , and they use the college examination to select the talent people .
Furthermore , the way of testing is give you a lot of question and solve them quickly but not give you one question and solve it in many ways .
There is also limited time for teacher to grade the exam paper .
So if the solution is not the standard solution which is given by ministry of education , the solution is incorrect .
Therefore , students are satisfied in using one way to solve problem .
For instance , there is a finding which is interesting and can contribute to society .
Scientists and engineers will do the research individually and if someone invented a machine by this finding first .
However , one person takes a whole year make one invention .
What if a group of engineers invent this machine ?
The time should be much shorter than one year and the quality of this invention should be much better .
Hence , if Chinese scientists and engineers work like a team , the efficiency of work will be improved and the period of work time will be less .
There will be more innovative outcomes appears in Chinese market and the technology of China will be raised into a new level .
However , coming up with a new ideas and innovations are more often than not , easier said than done .
As a matter in fact , statistically speaking , the number of failed attempts at innovation far exceed the ones which made it into the books .
For instance , the proposed plan to use nuclear energy in Malaysia never came to be due to the enormous funds that is required to carry out research in the technology and even if the necessary funds are secured , there is always the uncertainty if the research will yield any significant results .
In the case of a nuclear power plant in Malaysia , the idea is not viable as the country has an abundance of forest reserves which needs to be kept untarnished and preserved the way they are .
Besides that , in the innovations that engineers have come up with has to be safe for the public to use .
With small but useful engineering design ideas being introduced daily , serving as a basis for many bigger innovations , it 's only a matter of time before the many obstacles which are holding engineers back collapse .
Long time ago , the engineers ' products as well as their achievements played an vital role in human life .
Along to the community development , the basic human needs continue to rise and to branch into many fields such as : living condition , effective supply chain system,.. .
The great knowledge of many talented engineers has fulfilled many human requirements , which results directly to an ordinary life .
Taking a look around and anyone must immerse in how many magical changes were brought by engineers .
From a small household thing for normal using to a complex machine system that provides all electric energy to a huge city , all was designed by own engineers .
Now the human needs are still carefully observed to make any necessary adjustment , then many specialists have evaluated the need about medical things and curing diseases is now in the top priority .
Disease has been a great concern of human from very long time ago , but medical system seems not to be enough in the fight with countless threats that steals many human lives .There are many limitations that only can be surpassed by the magic of engineers ' technology .
For instance , many doctors are having trouble in predict the human symptoms that beyond the limit of normal machine on hospital .
There are many diseases like cancer,... now can not be cured using only normal medicine .
This is the moment engineers start their professionals .
They realize the first problem comes up now is we need a revolution in medical procedures .
The normal methods like injecting medicine , predicting a threat origin using common equipment do not bring optimized results or worse , it is useless especially with the dangerous diseases .
We need a great change and the most possible plan now is applying the nanotechnology .
Using the latest knowledge , engineers can design various type of micro-robot which have the size just like a bacterium .
With this size , the normal physical limitation is now removed and we can easily discover every corner of human body .
It not only reduce the material cost , make more accurate diagnosis , but also make patient less painful and bring scientists a great chance to study about human deeper .
These micro-robot can have many useful functions .
It can bring a camera and help doctors observer the inner world of human body with their own eyes .
It can be attached with a tiny medicine package and put it directly into the damaged spot .
This micro-robot is very promising and now is developed by many professional engineers all over the word and will soon be released , making one of the greatest achievement of engineers as well as humanity .
The long and tedious journey in finding the key to save mankind now lies in a tiny microscopic life , that are extracted from mammal 's embryos , called stem cells .
They are believed to have the ability to create brand new organs , curing an array of serious diseases and even perhaps solve human ageing problems , simply by replacing .
Although after 30 years of research , scientists are still unable to solve the mystery of these cells , but there has been fruitful development where this stems are now being used to repair important tissues in the human body , etc. bone narrow .
But due to the nature of these cells , as a result scientist now faces both technology and scientific problems which hindered them from unleashing the full potential of these cells .
Technology played an important role , to aid researcher on their work .
We need the right tools for the right kind of job , we ca n't possibly use a screwdriver to do a hammer 's work , and right now this problem is being faced .
We need better technology to increase scientist 's capability to understand this cell better , like how it differentiate ( Transform ) into specialized cells which will later transform into an organ .
With current DNA technology , it has proven insufficient to precede any faster .
This is serious factor that scientist are now looking into , and once succeeded , imagine the amount of life would be saved .
Meeting the demand in the organ 's market and reducing the cost of medical treatments bringing an infinite possibility to the medical-industry .
One of the fascinating problem faced , is the human body itself .
Firstly human body has an extraordinary capability to identify foreign objects and purging them out from the system ( Rejection ) .
This has lead to serious complication to patient who is receiving this life-save treatment .
Without , this would result in an uncontrollable and misdirected growth of unwanted cells , etc tumor , or even cancerous cells .
This is a major obstacle that scientists are facing now .
I believe this would be most valuable scientific breakthrough .
The world food crisis would be solved by merging these cells with the current cloning technology to create fast and vast range of food supplies .
Take the aspect of electric devices as an example , refrigerator was studied for a long time in the laboratory after people had the desire of reserving things in a cold temperature longer .
On the other hand , the theory of microwave oven was discovered by Percy Spencer by chance .
He noticed that candy in his pocket melted while he was doing another experiment and by using this technology microwave oven was invented .
As technologies of modern society , both refrigerator and microwave oven have practical meaning .
Refrigerator helps to keep food fresh and microwave oven helps to heat food quickly .
They are used in the way to make our life better and more convenient .
Actually , they both become essentials of daily life .
In this way , standard and quality of life are improved by a large degree .
Firstly , refrigerator has a strong purpose in real life before it is invented .
As a result , the product will sell well because the aim of the technology is a common desire and meet the demand of the public .
Microwave oven , on the contrary , its function is not known before the theory is discovered and the equipment invented .
Thus , sometimes there will be a risk to produce a large amount of equipment applying the serendipitously discovered technology because the market of this field might not be large since before it is invented , other ways of the similar aim may have already existed .
Secondly , developing the technology of refrigerator in the laboratory needs a long time of work .
Since the idea is brought up , generations of people used various methods to improve the machine and make the technology perfect .
Do you know that the global worldwide energy consumption was 500 exajoules which is an astounding 5 × 1020 J ?
Next , the electrons with higher energy level in the panels will be separated from their atoms and allowed to flow in a single direction due to the special composition of the cells .
( " Photovoltaics " ) However , in most third world countries , the government or private industries may not have the funds to set up photovoltaic plants due to the high initial capital cost .
Therefore , solar energy being a clean and renewable source of energy will definitely build up its popularity as an uprising source that can be used to produce electricity .
Since there are life on the earth,all the things living depend on the sun.Photosynthesis is the process that green plant turn carbon dioxide and water into carbohydrate.The energy we human need is directly or indirectly come from the photosynthesis .
The petroleum,coal and gas are the outcome of photosynthesis that the nature gives to us .
Because of the rapid develop of the world,the energy that nature leave over to us are less and less.This even makes countries begin an energy war.Energy plays a more and more important role.what we desperately need is a kind of resource that can give out high energy and does not do harm to the nature .
Hydrogen energy is this kind of energy.There is only water after it burns and hydrogen contains a lot of heat.So we try hard to invent a machine to make hydrogen energy .
To achieve this we use plates that are made of semiconductor which can absorb the sun lights.The semiconductor can emit electron after the sun light 's stimulate.The whole plates form a battery.So the solar energy have been successfully converted into electrical energy .
After doing this , we will artificial simulate the process of photosynthesis.In this step,we need to find a highly efficient catalyst to speed up the electrolyzation and make the process to be complete.we let the water into a container and add the catalyst into it,then take two metal plates into the water and transmit electricity we get before into the water.Finally , we can get the hydrogen gas .
Hydrogen gas has been produced,but the transmission is still a hard work.We need a high-pressure and low-temperature surroundings to let the hydrogen be liquid.But it is very hard to make that kind of surroundings in normal life.We need a kind of catalyst to make the hydrogen be liquid at normal temperature and pressure .
We will no longer afraid of atmospheric pollution and greenhouse effect.What 's more,the energy we use is renewable.We will not be short of energy resource .
With this kind of hydrogen energy,a lot of problems that obese us today will be solved.No wars for energy will break .
In the process of developing a new idea into a product , all kinds of expected or unforeseeable troubles will occur , making the path fill with struggles and disappointments .
Although the knowledge and technological breakthroughs we accumulated through ages have premised human a solid foundation for putting our ideas into practice , there still existing many inevitable factors due to the advancing capitalization which deter the process of innovation .
Among all those socially determined resistance on the way of innovation , one fatally significant phenomenon is the unfair competition between monopolies and other less competent companies .
It can be perceived as good in the sense of market selection , but on the other hand , such type of rivalship can easily be abused and transformed into one-sided violation if monopolies use these advantages as weapons against their opponents instead of rising the standard of living for mankind .
One vivid example is Microsoft forced Netscape going into bankruptcy by packing its inferior web browser IE with its dominant windows system for free .
It is also common for monopolies to lower the price in a large scale to annihilate their opponents and rise it up latter .
Comparing with this , however , the time for design and development seem too long to wait .
This can be extremely significant in industries like pharmacy .
Before a new drug reaching to its commercialization stage , it must undergo a long period of time for testing to prove its effectiveness and safety .
Meanwhile , people 's intention to buy brand goods helps deteriorating this problem .
In short , companies may have enough funds for innovation , but that do not mean they can survive the loss of market share just because they are one step behind and let others climb on the top .
With so many things to consider about , those managers do have reasons to hesitate before they risk the future of a company for the unguaranteed profit .
In an age of accelerated obsolescence of information and technology , lots of new inventions and design concepts come out from human 's mind every second .
Meantime , the demands rising from the endless pursuing for high-standard breakthroughs have boosted and inspired the human 's brain to deepen their potential .
During this new innovation-development revolution in science and technology , engineers no doubt play a vital role to beautify and simplify the whole world .
In addition , numerous breakthroughs are deriving from the audacious imagination .
However , with the discovering of the oil , Dubai has undergone a sequence of earth-shaking changes overnight .
While the happy days do not last long , the exhaustion of oil has already around the corner .
In order to find a way out , Dubai has made a crucial decision which shifts its economic center from oil to tourism .
Subsequently , a series of unbelievable plan have emerged .
Thereinto , Burj Al-Arab hotel , the most grand and luxury hotel worldwide once accomplished in Dec 1999 , was certainly becoming one of the most dazzling architecture at that time .
During the entire design and construction , not only some latest technologies have been applied into this magnificent project , more impressive is that most of designs are never used before and every engineer can freely come up with all kinds of brand new ideas .
One of its innovation technologies is the first use of hollow concrete blocks , which can decrease the attack of the sea wave .
The first stage of the whole project is to construct an artificial island which about 300m away from the shoreline , while the most challenge problem is the bad weather , engineer have to take all potential risks into account before figure out a perfect plan .
Therefore , after a set of trial and error , the hollow concrete block stands out .
Those hollow concrete blocks are just like the sponge which can absorb the energy of the sea wave , the principle is that when the seawater flowed into the block , the water would rotate automatically and finally most of its kinetic energy have been dissolved .
With the promotion of lives ' quality , people require higher and higher criterions .
The reason why this situation is can be seen from the need of market , the process of research & development , and the product features .
As the first step of innovation-development , the need of market is significantly considered in both two types .
Usually , the determinists of the need of market are defined as technologically determinist and socially determinist .
However , as its name infers , skunkworks is being progressed in shabby environment due to the scarcity of capital .
On the other hand , convention gets enough things to support , which cause it much easier and more stabile to finish innovation .
But because of large scale and many other factors involved , it will take more time and more cost to finish the whole innovation .
At last , the products of the two , convention and skunkworks , will face to different kinds of consumers .
The products of skunkworks are more practical , and people are in need of those product .
For example , the invention of laptop helped Japanese employee had more space to work .
These make it operate stably .
However , by taking every point into consideration , both of them can work well in innovation-development , depending on different situation .
Engineers are trained to solve problem and design products to fulfill human needs .
Overcoming a problem requires time and repeating trial to make sure that the product is safe to use and works efficiently .
One of the current human needs is to find an environmental friendly vehicle as a substitute for the gasoline vehicle .
Thus , an environmental friendly vehicle needs to be created and should be given priority for this creation to save our earth from pollution and to lessen the impact of the air pollution .
Electric generated vehicle can be designed to overcome the air pollution problem .
Electric generated vehicle will not exhaust gases when it is being driven .
It is because mining and refining processes of the petroleum will emit fumes that will pollute the air .
To build an electric generated vehicle that can have longer lasting battery power and powerful pickup , it should have a special battery , light weight material and well designed shape .
The battery of the vehicle must be able to recharge within short hours .
It should also be able to store higher amount of energy in order to last for longer period of time .
Furthermore , having an aerodynamically styled shape , the vehicle can move faster and has a powerful pickup .
The electric generated vehicle should be fully tested and examined .
Test drive for the successful electric generated vehicle can open to public and ask for feedback from them and make improvements for it .
After that the electric generated vehicle can be introduced to the market throughout the world .
In conclusion , the creation of electric generated vehicle can reduce air pollution problem that is becoming more and more serious nowadays .
Engineers can make world different by their expertise and knowledge .
Ecommerce : the Socially Determined Technology
Picture a scenario in mind : a man sitting in front of a computer is busy using email , eBay , online banking , and teleconferencing .
This is ecommerce , which consists of the buying and selling of products or services over electronic systems such as the Internet and other computer networks .
CITATION wik09 \ l 2052 ( wikipedia , 2009 ) Thanks to this burgeoning technology , people can almost fulfil all their needs without moving a step .
With the initial to achieve a more convenient human life , ecommerce is considered to be socially determined rather than technologically determined .
Basically , the origin of ecommerce is due to public 's desire to facilitate their life and work .
CITATION Ken08 \ l 2052 ( Kenneth , 2008 ) These were the very first types of ecommerce .
Later on , as the rapid spread of internet , the utility of this technology quickly varied and extended to global scope .
This concern soon results in the appearance of online store .
CITATION Jul08 \ l 2052 ( Julie , 2008 ) Till now , people can nearly do whatever they want simply by clicking the web browser .
During the speedy development of ecommerce , corporations realize the potential to gain huge interest and participate to shape the direction of ecommerce 's growth .
Comparing with the traditional selling styles , ecommerce manages to broaden the market as well as obtain a cheaper but more efficient publicity .
Thanks to the technology of ecommerce , these shops can now do publicity to a much larger target group .
By the same time , the online banking system also facilitates the procedure to make deals .
In the 1990s , as a result of the rising development of ecommerce , the usage of this technology gradually became out of control .
Directed by public 's requirement , enterprises ' intention , and government regulation , ecommerce is now still developing .
If continuing the efforts of these three aspects , we have confidence this technology will sooner or later develop to a certain stage which satisfies the whole society .
Singaporeans live in the comfort of their own homes believing that all the things that can be invented are already made .
These are a few traits that are hardly seen in the Singaporeans .
Therefore , only by overcoming the two major problems , Singaporeans will then be able to create and innovate .
The republic 's physical landmass of approximated seven hundred and five kilometres squared is ranked one hundred and eighty- seventh internationally .
In addition , even if there were potential solutions , it would be a tough task to carry out experimentation or trials , either as a mean to gather data or to implement a solution , simply because a local test group might not exists .
This deficient in raw materials and useable land as well as to a lesser extent , wealth and labour , limits the magnitude on the engineering solutions to be pursued .
Such an enormous amount would be several annum of Singapore 's gross domestic product in the current economic climate .
In conclusion , Singapore 's unique size and state of available resource are obstacles in the engineering design process .
The educational system is based more towards theory and not practical .
The amount of time spent in lab for practical is minimal .
Since the birth of car at the end of last century , its development has gone through ups and downs over the last one hundred years .
Zaochu Benz at that time only had a speed of 18Km per hour , but now , a sport car can accelerate from zero speed to 100Km per hour within 3 seconds .
The car industry ' development can not be separated from the adoption of car by the people .
So again , what is the factors influence the adoption of car ?
Actually , after Henry Ford 's Model T automobile was invented , cars just gradually become a vehicle that can be adopted by people .
The { Model T } [ HYPERLINK : http : //en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Model_T ] was introduced on October 1 , 1908 .
Economically , because the Model T was so cheap that by the 1920s a majority of American drivers learned to drive on the Model T. Apart from this , in order to make the Model T more universal , Henry Ford also created a massive publicity machine in Detroit to ensure every newspaper carried stories and ads about the new product .
He also created a network of local dealers , which provided a good marketing channel to his company .
If we analysis from a bigger view , then we can see that there were also other economical factors influence the cars ' adoption .
One of the most important factors was that declining cost of oil at that time .
The daily output of this site was more than 1 million barrels o oil , which was even more than the sum of output of other sites in the United States .
This made the price of oil in United States decrease very fast at that time .
But the Model T was just a beginning of the adoption of cars , another factor which made the technology of producing cars became more mature was that the military demand .
During the wars , vehicle and armored transporter became essential for every country .
For example , a very popular hydraulic actuator which is still used today was developed in the early World War 2 .
All this inventions not only increased the useful time of engine , but also improved the overall situation of car industry .
Government policies and priorities also play an important role to the development of car industry .
After the United States won the war , many ordnance factories became civil factories ; this made the expansion of car industry faster .
Especially during the Cold War , in order to demonstrate America 's superiority and wealth , the government became more encourage the car industry .
In conclusion , the adoption of car and this technological innovation was not only technological determined , but also shaped by economic factors , military demands , and government policies and priorities .
An engineering design process , which includes mainly five stages-defining the problem , gathering pertinent information , generating multiple solutions , analyzing and selecting a solution and testing and implementing the solution , plays a very important role in improving the quality of people 's life .
Take China for instance , the culture for innovation in engineering design is severely lacked .
Even they have the motivation , their ideas are unlike to come true due to lack of funding from the government .
When a student finds out an alternative method of solving a problem , there is usually no reward for him and he still has to answer the question in the standard way to avoid losing marks in examinations .
Another problem that poses obstacles to innovation in engineering in China may be the lack of funds from the government for research and development ( R&D ) , thus engineers are hardly attracted to R&D industry and they lack of funds to implement their new ideas .
Mr. Yuan Long Ping , who is known as the " Father of Hybrid Rice " , had contributed to tremendous increase in the level of world 's rice output through cultivating species of hybrid rice during 1970s .
However , the Chinese government only awarded him the State Preeminent Science and Technology Award of China in 2000 which valued merely 5 million yuan .
This was very little if it was meant to reward him for his more than twenty years ' hard work .
This lack of government support means , engineers will not able to get resources , raw materials , precise equipment for research during engineering design process .
Thus the stage of testing and implementing solutions during engineering design is greatly hampered
In conclusion , rigid education system and government 's very little incentives to innovations limit the number of innovative engineers and hinder the realization of innovative ideas if any .
They are hence the two prominent obstacles that hamper the engineering design processes for innovations in China .
Skunk works projects do not have access to the full resources of the company , have their own rules and have to maintain confidential about their projects .
The research funds and human resources were not made available to them .
Hence the rules of the company need not to be enforced in their secret working environment .
There had been extreme examples of rules set by project managers where both emerged successful in their innovations .
Personnel will have to maintain double life for this project .
Personnel often have to stay back late after office hours to work on their secret projects and no claim of overtime are allowed .
There will also be media coverage and time to time update on their projects .
However they faced equal stress on their projects .
Singapore 's education system has been structured in such a way that it is rigid and text based and does not teach students to apply what is taught .
Another portion of the design processes involve commercialization .
Sadly , society as a whole are generally not that receptive of new ideas and innovative products .
In sum , a society which is less receptive of new ideas and innovative products could lead to the hampering of engineering processes for innovation .
Two problems are identified which might hamper creativeness in engineers .
However , several decades earlier , few people dared to declare that they were sure these innovations would surely be popular around the world in one day .
Despite of the poor environment , tough stress , and high risk , skunkworks indeed value more than conventional technology .
To some extent , conventionally generated technology usually improves our life , but innovation in skunkworks often changes our life .
Skunkworks , defined to pioneer the development of a technological innovation , normally has a tougher working conditions .
Usually skunkworks can not get enough support to create a satisfied working environment .
Due to the uncertainty , R&D group in skunkworks often can not find enough people to conduct the innovation .
Just like the team of design Macintosh , they were working day and night under the aggressive leadership of Steven Jobs .
The starting points of innovation in skunkworks and conventional technology are different .
However , Conventional is made for solving the existed problems or needs .
When NOKIA upgraded its N series hand phone annually , iPhone of the Apple company surprise the world , because it give a different definition of touching the phone .
Skunkworks takes a high risk in innovation process , but it is rewarding .
Just like " Post-its " of 3M was initially considered as a failure , which was finally proved to be a great success in other fields .
In the contrary , it is more stable and reliable for conventional technology .
Furthermore , it is often at a high risk for investing in skunkworks .
Compressed Natural Gas ( CNG ) vehicle is an alternative fuel vehicle .
By 2008 , there are roughly 7 millions of CNG vehicles on the roads worldwide .
Unlike the normal gasoline vehicle which emits greenhouse and harmful gases , the power of CNG vehicle can emit 70 % lesser CO2 and little harmful gas .
Therefore CNG vehicle is more environmental friendly than gasoline vehicle .
In the context of global warming becoming more and more serious , the development of such environmental friendly vehicles becomes a must .
Apart from reducing the air pollution , Natural gas vehicle also produces lower noise levels than gasoline vehicle .
This is another positive feature of CNG vehicle .
Moreover , the intention of reducing the fuel cost also shaped the development of CNG vehicle .
The oil embargo resulted energy crisis in the U.S. during the 1980 's .
Such situation motivated the discovery of alternative fuels that could reduce our dependence on foreign imports .
From 2000 's , the oil price grew tremendously , but the price of natural gas was much less .
More owners of private cars country wanted to convert their petrol-driven vehicles to also run on CNG .
Lastly , the development of CNG vehicle is also influenced by the government policies .
Due to the increase of the oil price and the necessity of improvement of the urban environment , many countries ' governments support the development of CNG vehicle .
Many countries which are abundant of natural gas introduce CNG cars and buses to their public transportations .
Some other governments provide tax rebate for the owners of CNG vehicles , so that to incentivize the using of eco-friendly vehicles .
For instants , the Singapore government provided 40 % discount on the Open Market Value ( OMV ) cost of newly-registered green passenger vehicles from 2001 in order to build up the intensity of CNG vehicles ( wikipedia,2009 ) .
With the help of the favorable policies and sponsorship from the government , more talented people are attracted to the CNG vehicle industry research .
As a result the CNG vehicle technology is shaped by the government policies .
Without the requirements of cheaper and cleaner vehicle and the governmental support , it might not as well-developed as now .
In recent years , with its growing prosper and affluence , China is investing more on science and technology development .
In the so-called cramming method of teaching , teachers paid particular attention to memorization , even at the cost of comprehension .
During the examination , the students were not evaluated by how much they memorize , but not on how they think .
In conclusion , the lack of research funding and exam-oriented education system is the two most significant factors which have hampered engineering design process in China .
For example , in 1970s , a new tomato variety was launched by a research team in California .
This tomato variety could be harvested by machine , which was a big success .
After about ten years ' research , he discovered Warfarin one day in an unrelated experiment , which turned out to be the most impressive progress in the whole research .
Not only should the scientists figure out how to breed the variety , but also they needed to do other non-research works in order to successfully put the variety into practice .
Finally , they came up with their research results after many years ' research , in due time according to their plan .
Besides , although both these two technology were successful , the keys to their success are different .
In conclusion , the mechanized tomato program has different start , process and key to success from the discovery of Warfarin .
Technology is progressing every day , and different products are created following these new technologies .
Our life become more convenient with these technological products and companies can benefit from producing these products .
However , not all the technological products can bring profit to their companies .
Before manufacturing a product , companies have to evaluate its profitability and denied those products with an uncertain future .
Engineers who are enthusiastic with these " no future " products form a group to work out the products , and this kind of groups are called " Skunk works " .
Conventionally generated technologies and technologies in " Skunk works " are of great difference while they still have features in common .
Technology in " Skunk works " is like a double-side sword , which not only can become a great success but also can be a super failure in future .
Working in a " Skunk works " environment is much tougher than in a conventional way , engineers working in " Skunk works " would not be rewarded unless their work turn out to be a success .
Nevertheless , both of " Skunk works " technology and conventional technology make contribution to technology development .
Comparing to conventional generated technology , " Skunk works " has a great possibility to become a big failure , while it also has a potential to be successful .
It is comfortable for engineers to make technology work and to optimize a design under given condition .
Whereas , a well optimized design is worthless if it can not meet the desires , or at least needs , of the customers .
On the other hand , a talent " Skunk works " can also be a success in market .
Like E.M. Rogers mentioned in his article - " the Birth of the Laptop Computer at Toshiba " , laptop is a good example of successful " Skunk works " .
The environment of " Skunk works " and the conventional one are of great difference .
Though engineers in " Skunk works " are enthusiastic about their project , it is very hard for them to find financial support , and other experts may criticize their works .
" Skunk works " and conventional projects are different , but both of them are making contribution to the development of technology .
Conventional generated technologies are closely connected to our life .
By doing sufficient market research , technologies are controlled to provide things that can fulfill our desires , and these technologies make our life become more and more convenient .
Therefore , " Skunk works " can promote the innovation of technology , and it also provides a big platform for creative engineers .
In sum , " Skunk works " environment is much tougher than conventional environment , and " Skunk works " is more like a gamble for a company for it may either be a big success or be an absolute failure .
The conventional generated technology plays an important role in fulfilling people 's need and bringing profit to companies , so it is a surety of technology 's steady and continuous development .
Therefore , both of them are indispensable for technology development .
Two problems of the innovation in my country
However , nowadays new technology is playing a more and more important role in the whole society and replacing the importance of resources .
One of them is that the intellectual property rights in China are not protected well ; there are many illegal copy phenomena in China .
The other problem is that the normal employees in many companies are not valued much by the employers .
Illegal copy phenomena block the innovation of technology in China .
One of the reasons is that the rate of the popularity of computer is much faster than the rate of the increase of consumption level in China , which means that the price of the software is relatively higher than that normal people can accept .
Subsequently , the inventor of the very software can only get a little profit , which will not impel him or her to continue paying much attention to the innovation .
When we compare the software area and the space flight area , we can easily find that space flight area of China develops extremely fast because of innovation while software develops slowly with little innovation .
Therefore , illegal copy phenomena restrict the development of the technology in China .
There is no doubt that China has developed fast and well since the foundation of the country .
However , when we change our focus on the enterprises in China , we will find that most of the huge enterprises are public and relied on resources and monopoly .
Huge enterprises which relied on high technology are very few .
One of the reasons is that normal employees are not inspirited to take part in the innovation .
In many companies , only some certain research staffs take part in the innovation of technology while normal employees just do their routine work .
Compared to professional research staffs , normal employees have more experience about certain productions .
As the employers do not show much respect to normal employees , few employees will try their best to provide their experience to research staffs .
We probably know that IBM employers value every employee in the company .
Many employees have a chance to put up a suggestion to the company .
With the large amounts of outcomes of experience and observation , research staffs can achieve new production relatively more easily .
Therefore , that normal employees are not inspirited restricts the innovation of technology in China .
Therefore , China should pay more attention on intellectual property rights to encourage people to innovate .
Unite everyone can maximize the ability of the whole unity .
China needs to solve these two problems to clear the way to innovation .
Another major problem that engineers might face in Singapore is that people are less receptive to innovations and ideas as compared to the Western countries .
For example , the education system now has definitely improved in terms of its rigidity .
Since 2005 , Ministry of Education ( MOE ) has introduced Project Work ( PW ) to junior colleges in order to improve communicative skills of students , as well as to encourage building of teamwork among students .
Hopefully in the near future , more effort will be put in to encourage society to be more accepting of new innovations that would greatly change their way of life for the better , and also to implement in not just aspiring engineers but students in general , skills that they are able to use and apply in handling problems in the real world .
Since the 1960s , there was a paradigm shift from the low end industrialization to a high end industrialization thus resulting in a rapid depletion of the already scarce resources .
Engineering design processes are therefore created to meet the above mentioned human need .
One of such engineering design processes is gathering pertinent information .
According to Khandani , " efforts spent searching for information about your problem...reveal facts about the problem...discover mistakes and false starts " , researching on the land scarcity problems can help one to prioritize by deciding on the more important infrastructure to build and strike a balance between social and economic needs .
For example , high rise flats are built to help prevent overcrowding and sustaining the population while mega infrastructures like the Integrated Resort are for economic purposes .
According to Khandani , " creative abilities can be developed if one is willing to take risks and not afraid to tackle problems " , the lack of land is a challenging problem to the leaders of Singapore thus engineers have to come up with innovative solutions to tackle land scarcity .
Some of these solutions are Land reclamation , condensed structural landscapes and the construction of sky scrapers .
Construction of sky scrapers is relatively safe despite its height due to deep analytical insights in the construction of these buildings .
One is via research and the other is the result from some serendipitous discovery .
But history shows us sometimes the fates of the two kinds of technologies birthed in different ways are also not the same .
The " designs " are thought highly by people at the beginning , though the importance of the " accidents " is realized much later .
Actually the major cases of engineering inventions coincide with the " design " way .
Though it 's may just a matter of few second 's time for the final success of a new technology development , the process from its infancy to maturity can be very long and tough .
With the coming out of a technology people will , of course , show their high concern on it , because it already cost a lot .
Take the atomic weapon test as an example , decades years ago the military of USA intent to make use of the power of atomic , they employed a lot human and non-human sources to complete numerous experiment and test , plenty of money was spent to invite talented scientists and engineers to come to help them make the most powerful weapon all through the human 's history .
According to the information from Wikipedia " The Manhattan Project cost 2 billion dollar , this includes the cost of the two bombs used as well as the test bomb .
" Then US treated this new technology as their most precious weapon , of course it was deserved .
In many cases , the technology which was created via research will be thought much at the beginning .
Because of the completed and formal research process , like the atomic bomb , many others technology which was developed via research will draw people 's attention .
As we can see that during the process , people know its property , figure out its purpose , understand its advantage and disadvantage , at last master the way to make full use of it , we 'd feel more confident to take some more steps .
Another reason is that some human and non-human sources have already been expended , and we do n't want to see these sources turn into nothing .
So the technology which is designed purposively will draw more attention .
Sometimes people will get unexpectable outcomes from their experiment or research .
Even some greatest discoveries come from accidents without any indication , for instance , the discovery of penicillin and the invention of gunpowder .
Gunpowder is invented by an ancient Chinese alchemist accidently .
One day the guy wanted to find some medicine called elixir of immortality aiming to give people a permanent live .
Dramatically , what he encountered was not the success of the magic drug , but an explosion and the birth of gunpowder .
However , the a bit foolish guy did n't set enough value on this great power as it should , so did n't the other Chinese people .
Gunpowder did n't have a chance to step onto the stage of the history until the famous adventurer and merchant Marco Polo introduce it to Europe from China .
Only after that the world began to pay enough attention to this powerful chemical medicine gradually .
Compared to the development of atomic bomb , the discovery of gunpowder is just an accident or something unexpectable that no one plans to make it realize before it really happen .
In my opinion , this must be very crucial to explain why nobody attaches importance to this new technology at first .
That 's to say , though , technologies like that may somehow change the world , it is not in people 's contemplation , time is needed for people to realize the existence of them and learn more about them .
Our world always improves along with the progress of technology step by step .
No matter whether their existence is a design or an accident , as long as it benefits us , that 's what we 'd like to see .
In 2005 , one of the most dreadful news revealed that { Kuwait } [ HYPERLINK : http : //en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Kuwait ] 's { Al Burqan Oil Field } [ HYPERLINK : http : //en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Al_Burqan_Oil_Field ] , which is the second largest oil field in the world will be depleted before the middle of this century ( AME Info , Inc. 2005 ) .
Meanwhile , the up-going oil price also indicates an undoubting truth that we are facing a tough challenge , energy crisis .
According to oxford English dictionary ( 2006 ) , engineering is defined as the " science , discipline , art and profession of acquiring and applying technical , scientific and mathematical knowledge to design and implement materials , structures , machines , devices , systems , and { processes } [ HYPERLINK : http : //en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Process_ ( engineering ) ] that safely realize a desired objective or inventions .
" Overwhelmed by the demand of energy , to increase the energy efficiency should be viewed as the priority of the desired objective or inventions of engineering design .
Primarily , energy is the fundamental base for all human activities which exploit the nature to meet our needs .
For example , if there was not sufficient fuel for automobile , then we would go back to the era of antiquity when walking and riding were the only means for transportation .
On the other hand , it is very irresponsible to squander the energy otherwise our posterity would face the consequences of our behaviours .
Hence , to maximize the energy efficiency should be taken into the priority of all the technology development so that human beings and the whole society will develop and move forward sustainably .
Moreover , to take the energy efficiency in priority will prosper the engineering design process resulting from the multiple and more prudent choices of solutions .
It is defined that there are five stages to solve an engineering design problem , " to define the problem , to gather pertinent information , to generate multiple solutions , to analyze and select a solution and to test and implement the solution " ( Khandani , 2005 ) .
If all the engineers are trying to design the technology with higher energy efficiency then they probably will gather more information , generate more efficient solutions as well as to select the solution which is more efficient .
At the time when engineers take the energy usage into consideration , the design process is upgraded to higher standard , which meets our needs and fulfill the vital objective of engineering design for technology .
If all the solutions are capable solving the problem , then the one which is the most efficient should be chosen .
The real example is that people now are pro to hybrid gas-and-electric-powered automobile instead of the conventional ones .
In one word , energy efficiency should be the prior concern for all the engineers due to its positive impacts on the design process .
Equipped with the high efficiency , all the innovations of engineering technology will be more dynamic and practical to meet our ever-increasing needs .
Toshiba 's laptop and Microsoft 's operating systems are two technologies that are created under different conditions and environment .
Toshiba 's laptop is often known as a skunk work innovation whereas Microsoft 's , as a conventionally created product .
According to Rogers , due to the fact that Toshiba 's laptop creator Tetsuya Mizoguchi failed to convince his superiors in Toshiba to support his laptop project , he was not able to receive any research and development funds .
It would be useless if there is no hardware for Gates ' program to work on .
According the article ( 2 ) , Gates actually wrote to computer hobbyist demanding that they pay for the usage of his program so as to allow him to continue to write quality programs .
In May 1998 , Microsoft is accused of abusing its monopoly power to keep rivals out of the market .
On the other hand , Mizoguchi idea was to create a laptop that is compatible with IBM 's platform despite the fact that they were competing for the same market share .
He recognised that IBM is dominant at the time and it would be fair to the consumers to allow them to use IBM compatible peripheral Toshiba 's laptop .
( 1 ) If Mizoguchi had done otherwise , we would probably have to buy only Toshiba 's laptop for its convenience .
Similarly for Microsoft , Gates rode on the success of IBM 's personal computer by becoming the full owner for a program that was written especially for IBM 's personal computer .
This had allowed them to be a monopoly in the industry .
In conclusion , despite the fact that both skunk work and conventionally created technologies differ in environment where they are being produced , they will still be successful if their creators have the determination and are full of ideas .
The birth of new technologies and inventions came about in different forms and through different processes .
Although the innovations maybe comparably similar , the conditions where they were created maybe totally different .
An example would be in the case of conventionally invented electric cars by General Motors and the first laptop that was invented in a skunk works environment by an engineer from Toshiba .
Differences like , risks involved , working environments , marketing strategies while similarities like the visions and goals of both innovations .
The first difference between the two types of innovations is risks involvement and work stress .
For skunk works environment 's created technology , the person who suggested the innovation has to take very big risks because it is a project of his own , he was not supported by companies , only his own team .
As said in Rogers ' article on the 'Birth of laptops ' , Tetstiya Mizoguchi , a Japanese technologist , disobeyed orders and risked his career for the sake of innovation-development which in the end , he succeed .
Secondly , the processes in which the new technology are designed and carried out between the two types of innovations are totally different .
Therefore , people who are working under skunk works environment have to gather their own team and a substantial amount of money before they can actually start on their project .
As such , because of limited funds the team or individual have in skunk works , they possessed larger stress because they could not afford to fail .
Because of disapprovals from companies , the working space for skunk works innovation is usually smaller and limited as compared to those who worked under companies to create new technology .
As said in Rogers ' article , Tetstiya Mizoguchi and his team went 'underground ' and work at a factory which was far away from the headquarters of Toshiba .
In the case of the creation of electric motor cars by General Motors written by Rogers , General Motors had gone to the extent of putting advertisements on the newspaper and came out with marketing campaigns to publicise their new product .
On the contrary , products or technology created from skunk works environment do have the capabilities to roll out massive campaigns to advertise due to the lack of funds .
They had to depend on their own network to publicise their product and introduce their prototypes to the public .
Comparing the two articles written by Rogers , the target group for skunk works prototypes testing usually started small , and then eventually became bigger as more people accept the product ; whereas in the case of conventionally created products , the target group is very large in the beginning due to large scale marketing campaigns .
The similarity between the innovations created under different environments is that both had wanted to come out with solutions to solve problems that were present .
In the case of Toshiba first laptop invention , Tetstiya Mizoguchi wanted to solve the problem which most Japanese companies faced , the crowded offices which prevented the usage of more desktops due to the lack of space ; while , electric motor cars were created to lessen pollution .
In conclusion , for innovations by conventions or skunk works environment , there are various differences and similarities between them , but at the end of the day , both produced products that helped to solve problems and bring benefits to the people in the world .
In 1943 , Abraham Maslow published a theory on what he believes is the hierarchy of needs of people .
In his study , he defined five stages of needs ; they are , in descending order of importance , physiological , safety , love and belonging , esteem and finally self-actualization.1 In view of the world today , we engineers should tackle the most important human need that needs the most urgent attention .
This is of course one of our basic physiological needs , water , which is imperative in sustaining lives , especially in harsh environments .
The five stage engineering design process , as proposed by Khandani , will guide us in making solutions that solve this problem .
Potable water , the source of life , has become the largest demand in third world countries .
Drinking water that has not been treated clean can lead to life threatening diseases .
According to the World Health Organization report in the year 2000 , Africa , home to a population of 784 million people , faces dire shortages of clean and disease free , drinking water .
3 Furthermore , it is the continent with the least supply of potable water .
It is important that engineer realize the true need of the problem , so as to waste resources on a solution that does not work .
For instance , one may think of solving the water shortage by building desalination plants throughout the coast of Africa , but only to realize that he or she did not address the problem it at all .
Because the water shortage may not lie in the quantity of water , but rather , lies in the ease of access to potable water in Africa .
The second step is to research on the shortage of potable water .
Engineers have to understand why current technology has failed to solve the water shortage , and the oversights engineers of the previous technology .
For example , a company has produced " LifeStraw " , a portable device that processes safe drinkable water to by removing microscopic bacteria through its filters .
4 Something like this may seem like a godsend to the people of Africa , but quickly follows its downfall is its cost and the problem of transportation of filtered water .
5 Therefore , a thorough understanding of the limitations of technology can guide engineers to invent a product that fulfills all criteria of the need .
Subsequently , in the forth step , they would have to rate and outweigh all of their ideas and determine the best one to implement .
This ensures the product meets expectations of the problem .
In a nutshell , we can see how the five stages of engineering design introduced by Khandani can help engineers plan and develop solutions to solving the water shortage in Africa , thereby saving countless lives in dire need of safe drinking water .
Date back to 1943 , one of the team engineers in Lockheed Martin Corporation , Irv Curler answered a call by saying " Skonk Works , inside man Culver speaking " when the secret project of P-80 Shooting Star jet fighter was being carried out .
The name was soon adopted for usage in engineering , business and technical field to describe small group of people with working on secret projects .
( How Skunkworks Got Its Name , par.2 ) Skunkworks have been a huge contributor for our invention for many decades .
Therefore , skunkworks drive comparable innovation to conventionally generated technology .
Therefore they are often used to roll out a product research before it is developed according to usual business processes .
With minimal management constraints , inventors are given freedom to research on the area they want .
Facebook was started off as a small networking site for college students , which slowly extend to be the most popular networking site globally .
With the help of his few roommates , Mark created Facebook with limited resources .
With no management pressure , Mark can add on any application on Facebook , which soon turn out to be the main ingredient in fueling up its success .
As mentioned , skunkworks are always lack of resources , which funding ranked first out of others .
As a start-up , Facebook did n't have the funding which its competitor , Myspace has .
As the history suggests , Myspace has everything in control when they first launched , including funding .
Thus , they get instant popularity in the beginning .
However , Facebook trounced Myspace recently , setting its user number to a record high .
Clearly can be seen , skunkworks are no loser to conventional technology despite funding problems .
While conventionally generated technology are opened to public , skunkworks undertake secret project .
Before Facebook was created , Mark hacked into Harvard School system to get the information of all the students while others are sleeping soundly .
Instead , he scarified his sleeping time to program another program to replace Facemash , which is Facebook we all are using today .
While Myspace took a different approach to show the public what they were doing .
The reason lies beneath could be the confidence Myspace had over their program because of the size of their resources which Facebook did n't have .
Despite the fact that the approaches they take are obviously different , they share the same goal , which is to innovate the future products .
Either Facebook or Myspace , we can use them to share information without borders .
They are competing between each other by introducing new features .
One of the few positive impacts arose by Iraq war is that governments as well as individuals came into awareness of how our dependence on oil , gas and other petrol products can trap us into serious situation once the supply of petrol is limited .
Moreover , the importance of finding new , sustainable and eco-friendly energy sources is now aware by people .
Indeed , the utmost purpose for the existence of engineers is to improve the living standard and satisfy the higher requirements of human beings by creating or improving the products used in daily life .
In daily life , energy supply is so important because almost all the human activities , like cooking , working , heating and even water supply can not work normally without electricity , and the emerging energy shortage is impossible to solve without the development of new energy source .
Thus , government should give priority to the research of economy , environmental-friendly and sustainable energy .
The basic steps for engineers to find new energy is shown as below .
For engineers to discover the suitable sort of energy , firstly , it is essential to have a clear definition and criteria of the problem and to gather enough relevant information .
A clear definition instructs engineers the direction in which their research is going on ( Khandani , p6 , 2005 ) .
And knowing more of the information makes our design process more effectively ( Khandani , p10 , 2005 ) .
In this case , the definition statement is : New energy sources : energy sources except the fossil fuel have a reasonable price , are sustainable and belong to green energy .
The criteria are : the new energy should be safe ; the energy should be sustainable ; the energy should not create pollution ; the price of the energy should be acceptable .
Then , engineers have to list down all the solutions and select the ones that satisfy the criteria .
When judge a new energy , the engineers have to think about the questions , such as " Is the energy able to replace petrol ?
" and " Does it have any potential problems ? " .. .
The energy crisis appears to be increasingly serious as human beings ' consumption keep increasing while the increase in energy supply is slow .
Since engineers are the most important in discovering new energy sources and the aim of their work is to meet people 's needs , they should give priority to the development of new energy .
On one hand , much effort and fund has been put into our education system to prepare our people for the Knowledge-based Economy .
On the other hand , Singapore has always been encouraging companies , regardless of their size , to do more in Research and Development ( R&D ) .
The reason for doing these is our government has realised the importance of R&D in our progress as a nation .
Although much effort and fund has been spent on R&D , some problems still exist to significantly hinder engineering design processes for innovations .
The first problem that hinders engineering design processes for innovations is the great influence of monetary profit .
In the past , around 1930 , there were two prototype refrigerators .
The other one was gas refrigerator .
Gas refrigerator did not produce the humming sound and had overwhelming advantages over the electric refrigerator .
But , electric refrigerator was selected over gas refrigerator because General Electric believed that larger profit can be made from the electric refrigerator .
Because of such influence , it affects the commercial , diffusion and adoption stages of the engineering design process .
Thus , many great innovations have been destroyed prematurely because of its lack of promotion to the public .
The second problem that hinders engineering design processes for innovations is that we , Singaporeans , are not as creative as our counterparts , such Americans , Japanese and Taiwanese .
It is because , in the past , our education system was more exam-oriented and theory-based learning .
Thus , we only applied our knowledge in examination , without applying it in real-life situations .
However , in recent years , our government has been actively promoting creative thinking in us .
Although the plans that promote creative thinking in us have been started years ago , it is still in its initial stage .
In addition , in this imperfect world , engineers are always solving the arising problems to make a better world .
Over the last couples of years , with the developing of China , all industries , especially manufacturing industry , are developing into a large scale .
However , it is strange that not so much big companies like Lenovo and Haier exist with such a large-scale industry and such a large home market .
Instead , millions of small companies are operating their small business everywhere , and large transnational corporations are enjoying their profit in Chinese market .
Many companies , especially the small ones , are following others ' steps to design and manufacture their products , expecting some profits in the market are still there , left for them .
Then , another question rise : what hamper innovations in engineering design ?
I think there are two primary reasons , high costs in engineering design with relatively low rewards and unsatisfying engineering education system .
As I mentioned , many manufacturing companies in China are running their business in a small-scale .
What they manage to do is making their designs slight different from other similar ones , which make their products quite elastic in the market .
For most case , the circle continues until they shut down .
In Chinese emerging market , not all invests in innovation are rewarding .
Instead , just following others is proved to be more profitable sometimes .
Secondly , the engineering education is not focusing so much on innovation but memorizing .
Other steps are neglected unfortunately .
Behind prosperity of the products " made in China " during the last few years , it is lack of innovations in products of Chinese local manufacture companies .
And the main reasons why we lack innovation are high costs and low rewards of innovation in China and unsatisfying engineering education system .
The common challenges faced by every developed and developing countries are the daily demands for improvement in various areas , be it economy , infrastructure or even society .
Engineers plying their trades in Singapore , however , will face two major problems amidst the common obstacles , in which they are potentially critical in the future development of the city-state .
Singapore , besides being famous for its airport and topping many surveys for the best , most recently named as the best place for business by the World Bank , it is also famous because of its size despite being termed as a " developed country " .
Hence , local engineers encounter their first major test in their quest : limited land spaces .
Despite plans ongoing to build a third plant , we are still rather reliant on Malaysia for the sale of water .
Reclamation of land from the ocean was also limited due to sensitivity border issues , thus hindering any designs that require huge spaces .
Past engineering miracles in housing now require an upgrade in innovation and design due to the cultural shift in our society , as the younger generation now demands quality unlike the past , when the more crucial task is providing a roof for every citizen .
There is another common global issue , especially worst in Japan , and that is the ageing population crisis in Singapore .
The entry into the 21st century provides the world with a whole new set of problems : pandemic flu , terrorism and the emergence of a group of senior citizens .
( The Straits Times , June 28 , 2008 ) Adding on to this problem Singapore , being a small country , has always faced a talent crisis .
Low birth rates coupled with the outflow of local talents force the government to resort to adopting a foreign talent scheme in order to increase the talent pool in the city .
However , as what our short Singapore history has shown , we have faced countless daunting tasks and have proven to be up to the mark ; therefore it will be no doubt our engineers will strive and succeed in their tasks ahead .
The problems that affect the engineering design
Nowadays we are living in a fast developing world which provides not only abundant goods but also convenient and functional productions .
Now focus on the things in my home country , China , there are two main factors : the overflow of copying and lack of money .
When a famous company releases a new product , some small companies or just workshops will soon copy the design of the product and sell " their products " at a much lower price .
Moreover , the customers may take both product as the same and the " fake " ones are more attractive with incredible price .
To design and produce a new product , the company will spend a lot of money and a lot of time .
The engineers keep working and working , trial and error , wishing to invent a best seller and have a good benefit .
While , the workshops who simply copy the design just do the procedure directly with low prime cost .
Usually customers will not discriminate the products and they consider the price as the main point .
After the great effort , the company will not receive the benefit as they wish , which will definitely cool down their desire to innovate .
Thus , the overflow of copying really hamper the processes for innovation .
For most companies in China , they are still on the pace of development .
They badly need to focus on the mature products to accumulate the property .
It seems too extravagant to pay for the designing .
Yet the innovation is full of risk which may push the company to the edge of cliff .
Just like gambling , company bet all what they have on the future .
In this way , the lack of money actually affect the stage of process for innovation .
Everyone is afraid of losing money on innovation , then , no new designs will come out and our world will not develop .
The government can do little on the copying incidents .
The poor quality of products hamper the interests of customers and yet affect the fame of the famous company .
It is hopeful that government will invest money in the projects with good prospect .
Since USSR 's Obninsk Nuclear Power Plant was established on June 27th 1954 , nuclear power has becoming one of the most important energy resources in the world .
By 2007 , an estimated of 14 % of the global electricity come from nuclear reactions according to the International Atomic Energy Agency .
And due to the ever increasing consumption of oil and its limited reserves , it is predicted that there would be a further surge for nuclear energy .
Nuclear power was first discovered scientist in 19th century .
As a result , it is perceived as an alternative of liable energy resources .
Recently , Iran and North Korea are facing sanctions from various countries and continent because of their nuclear development .
In this case , it clearly presented how political factors structured the advancement of important technology like nuclear power .
In North Korea 's case , they started the development of nuclear technology because of the raise of tension with South Korea .
Hence , they regarded nuclear development as a way to sort out the disputes over policies .
At the same time , Iran makes use of nuclear power to resist American policies and its influence in the region as well .
For nations like Iran and North Korea , the development of nuclear power is mainly determined by the political forces .
Despite the political impact on the nuclear technologies in the less developed world , military forces are likely to exert a similar impact on development of nuclear power in those more developed countries .
For instance , the US military force considers nuclear power as viable source to provide energy for the military uses .
Due to logistic reason combined with the unstoppable depletion rate , scientists in the United State is diverting most of their funding into research of how to make nuclear power as a readily mobile and less dangerous energy source for military uses .
In conclusion , the recent innovation and development have showed the impact of political , military and other social factors .
As the development of technology , the abilities of innovation have becoming more and more important all over the world .
In order to survive and develop in the competitive world , it is crucial for not only many countries but also the individuals to fully develop the process for innovations .
According to Rogers ( 2003 , the generation of innovation ) , there are six main stages of this process , namely the needs and problems , research , development , commercialization , diffusion and adoption and the stage of consequences .
Take China as example ; there are two main problems in hampering the development of innovation .
First of all , the education system has great effects on the process of recognizing the problems or needs which is the fundamental stage of innovation-development process .
It is true that the Chinese special education system has excellent achievements in laying the solid foundations of knowledge and skills which are also very important in doing the deeper researches and studies , but the lack of flexibility and creativeness of Chinese education-system is still a big problem .
As a result , many students get used to accepting the information in the references without thinking and investigating by themselves .
Consequently , it becomes quite difficult for them to discover the potential problems even when they try to to do it .
However , Innovation requires students to develop the ability of discovering problems instead of easily satisfying with the current situations or just following the rules .
In fact , most of the famous inventions or significant scientific discoveries are based on the ability of questioning .
If Watt did not realize the shortcomings of the traditional streamer , the age of stream may be can not come so fast .
If Galileo did not challenge and simply accepted the statements presented by Aristotle thousands years ago , people may still not realize the nature of free fall motion for a long time .
Without the awareness of recognizing or discovering the problems , the innovation process can not proceed smoothly .
In addition to the education problems , the economic development is also one of the important limitations for China .
General speaking , the success of innovation needs a lot of premises .
Not only the human resources , but also the financial resources have impacts on the development of innovation .
The implementation of many big projects or innovations requires large amounts of economic foundation .
Indeed , the economy of China is accelerating at high speed recently .
However , it is really hard to meet all the needs of the rapid innovation-development in the past .
Comparing with some developed countries , China still can not provide large amounts of financial aids in encouraging and supporting scientists and engineers in doing the process of research and putting these innovations into practice .
In a nutshell , for the importance of developing the processes for innovation , it is quite necessary to solve these existing problems nowadays .
Only if China try to minimize these potential limitations , will the innovation-development processes success and flourish .
It is a serendipitous discovery made by Alexander Fleming from a petri-dish with bacteria left behind from his experiments when he went for a holiday .
In-vitro fertilization is the process of making fertilization of eggs with sperms outside the womb of the mother and the technique is invented through researches .
Many may think that serendipitous discoveries are just by luck , but through the comparison of penicillin and in-vitro fertilization , we will realize that serendipitous discoveries are just as complex and impactful as technologies created through research .
Rogers ( 2003 ) suggested that researches with the objective of providing solutions for one problem might result in solutions that are useful for another problem .
Indeed , for the case of penicillin , Fleming did not anticipate the discovery of penicillin , a type of antibiotics , when he was making researches on the characteristics of bacteria .
On the other hand , In-vitro fertilization is researched upon and invented with the primarily objective of conceiving babies outside the wombs of mothers .
After the discovery of anti-bacteria substance , Fleming did his researches to improve on the results just like what the researchers for In-vitro fertilization did .
Both the technologies have to go through laboratory testing and many other processes before the final formula is derived .
Hence , both the technologies are developed in a laboratory environment with sufficient equipments for their testing and both requires extra steps even after discovering the correct method of making the technology .
In addition , both the technologies are developed not only by the person who founded the technology .
( " Alexander Fleming " , Wikipedia ) Also , in-vitro fertilization would not be successful if not for other researchers such as John Rock , Patrick Steptoe and Robert Edwards besides Carl Wood .
Furthermore , both penicillin and in-vitro fertilization have similar impacts on mankind .
They both brought benefits to people in the medical field .
Thus , in terms of the effects they brought for the people , they are similar in enhancing the life of mankind .
In conclusion , even though penicillin 's discovery was accidental , we can see from the comparison of the two technologies that the invention is actually comparable to those developed by researches .
The developments of both technologies are similar in terms of the complexity of the processes and the impacts of the technologies are equivalent .
Many countries are stepping into the Greying Societies .
As the elder population grows larger and larger , the burden on the younger generation and government becomes greater and greater .
I think the government can carry out positive policies to limit the money spent on the elderly indirectly .
Encouraging the later retirement and giving out subsidies based on the financial need are efficient ways to lessen the amount of money spent on the growing population of the aged .
Government has to limit the money given to the elderly for the reason that the expanded population of the elderly can lead to serious problems in economy , society and productivity .
( { http : //bbs.chinadaily.com.cn/redirect.php ? gid = 2&fid = 6&tid = 58116 } [ HYPERLINK : http : //bbs.chinadaily.com.cn/redirect.php ? gid = 2&fid = 6&tid = 58116 ] &goto = nextoldset ) Encouraging the later retirement is a effective method to solve this problem .
As the aging population becomes larger , more people retire than the usual .
It can be predicted that more people will leave their work and fewer people can enter .
On the other hand , the amount of the tax will go up as the productivity increases .
For some people , they save enough money when they are young or they can still make their livings as they are old or they are supported by their children .
Giving everyone pension means that some people 's living standard will be influenced but giving out money based on the fanatical need means everyone can live in a good condition .
The pension is not important to the people who are able to live a good life in their late life .
Although more and more countries are faced with the aging problem , the government can make some policies like encouraging later retirement and giving out money based on the fiscal need .
Throughout the process of aging , people will face certain problems relating to health , finance , and social and so on ; and many of these problems are usually interrelated .
With the help of these technologies , many possibilities are formed .
All these have helped to make the process of aging easier ; whereby the aged can lead better lives with fewer health problems .
Also through research and development , many lifestyle guides that help create healthy lifestyle , becomes available .
It is known that by having a healthy lifestyle , one will have fewer health problems ; and thus , spending less on healthcare .
As these new technologies involve the usage of newer , and more advanced equipments , the costs of using such technologies tend to be higher than the past .
By prolonging the life of the victim , it can be financially draining on the family , and cause financial and social tension within the family .
Financial aids can be made available to these families ; and help relieve the financial stress .
With these , the aged can have longer working life , and thus accumulating more wealth to support themselves through their old age .
Also , the government helps relieved financial stress by subsidizing healthcare costs , and providing financial aids to the elderly needy .
New technologies have been created to help eliminate many of the age-related health problems .
However , not every elderly in the society can get to enjoy these perks , especially those who are bounded by financial problems .
Therefore through current research and development and policies , the aging process has been made easier , but it is only to a large extent .
Until recently , the problems of aging population have become a major concern among all the nations throughout the world .
Governments of many countries have come up with policies and solutions to decrease elder dependency and slowing down the process of a fast aging population .
Aging statistics taken from the United States of America administration of aging shows people above the age of 65 represented 12.4 % of the population in the year 2000 but are expected to grow to be 20 % of the population by 2030 .
The statistics have shown that in time to come , the problems of a fast aging population will be too overwhelming for the society to handle , therefore we have to slow down the aging process .
The country 's economy will also suffer as a small amount of young working population will have to support a bigger umbrella of elder generation .
A lot of resources will also have to be spend on the elderly people .
In this way , the working population will not be stressed on too much by the elderly population .
This will help the elderly to be more in touch with the society and keep their physical health in good shape which will in turn reduce diseases .
Singapore has also help working adults to save money when they are working so that when they retire , they will still have money for living expenses .
To meet healthcare needs , Medisave was introduced to allow CPF members to use their CPF savings for hospitalization .
In this way , most problems of the aging population is taken care of .
Singapore has also emphasize and instill filial piety to the children of the aging population and to support their parents through meeting their financial needs and emotional needs .
The children of the future should provide for their parents as much they can even though their financial status looks bleak so that the aging population will not have to rely too much on government help .
Singapore has encouraged people to buy a HDB flat near their parent by subsidizing a substantial amount of money .
This will definitely reduced the fiscal cost of elder dependency .
No matter how much we encourage young people to care for their parents , it 's still their personal choice , the society or the government can not force them to do their part .
This is because what the aging population needs are their children providence and their care and concern .
In conclusion , I think that many developments and policies have helped to reduce the aging process and also solving the problem of a fast aging population .
Although this problem can not be solved in a short period of time , theses policies and development will help to curb the problems of an aging population .
Many pessimistic predicts were made by people about this problem .
However , with the assist of Information and Communication technology ( ICT ) , the situation could be fundamentally shifted through mainly three ways .
This change effectively eliminates their disadvantages in lack of mobility compared to the young people .
Nowadays , fewer and fewer jobs are requiring certain level of performance .
Those repetitive and tedious jobs are now performed by machine and jobs become more of management people and resources , especially with Information Technology as the medium .
This change of job nature makes a huge difference to the aged people 's captivity for their body conditions are no longer their employer 's top concern .
Besides by changing the workspace , ICT also brings good news to the aged by changing employment relationships .
9 out of 10 employers would be reluctant to hire an old people because they are in fear that they can not work as efficiently ( which is always not the case ) .
However , with the introduction of ICT , many more new jobs are created , large percentage of which are self-employed jobs .
So for the elderly , a new choice is offered to them : after their retirement , instead of heading into the job market and compete with people probably half their age for a post , they can start up their own business .
What matters is their smell , not their age .
The previous two points are mainly about ICT 's impact on the elderly jobs .
Thus , being re- educated becomes a prior task for them .
Importantly as it is , very few old people managed to get back to school and receive education again .
The main reason for that is firstly they may feel embarrassed studying together with young students who are at their early twenties .
Secondly they may not have sufficient money or large piece of time for their re-education .
The opponent may probably argue that ICT is a privilege that only benefits the young people .
Although young people have an advantage for they are exposed to the technology from early ages , the aged people still stand a high chance to succeed , as long as they can adapt to new features quickly .
After all , the internet is a common property which every one can enjoy a share .
Current research and development in the field of ICT has largely shapes the society .
Since people have longer life expectancy , the number of elders increased .
This caused the event that we called the aging population .
The aging population caused a lot of disadvantages , since a lot of money will be used to support the elderly .
Consider if there is an elderly has been sick for a long time and his/her spending has already reached the limit ; are we going to tell him to die because we will not provide him with anymore money ?
Secondly , the elderly has the right to be protected because they have worked for the country before .
Would we like to be treated as a burden and given a lot of limitations ?
It is really selfish if we treated the elderly badly but still want to be treated nicely when we grow old .
It may be objected that elderly might misuse this service and fully rely on the public funding rather than trying to cope on their own .
There are a lot of people that could only rely on this service to survive .
We should remember their deeds and we should also remember that we will be an elderly one day .
In other words , the government will spend more on creating jobs and educating the population .
It might be true to some extent , but we should also consider that the government will only limit the public spending on the elderly , and they will not eliminate it .
Government will still take care of those who can not take care of themselves .
Friedland and Summer ( 2005 ) stated that the meaning of " retirement " and " old age " nowadays is different from what it is in the past , as future groups of older people are likely to be even better off .
Furthermore , the country will also lack of trained labor force .
For instance , Indonesia , the world 's 4th most populous country , has 109,900,900 labor force , but the rate of the unemployed is very high ( 9.10 % ) in 2008 ( CIA , 2008 ) , due to low education participation rates .
The current situation is concerning as when this generation ages , the government will need to provide a certain care for them .
Hence , it is again the government 's role to subsidy the education so that everybody at least could get the standard level of education .
Education alone is not enough because even if the society is better-educated but there are not adequate jobs available , it will give the same problem of unemployment .
The government plays the role to create and maintain new jobs .
Besides increasing the number of new jobs , the government can try to invent a new type of job , which can be done by people regardless their age , including the elderly .
For instance , telecommuting part-time jobs , which do not require the workers to be in the workplace , is good to be implemented nowadays , by means of our advanced technology .
Governments and policy makers will take the main role to invent the best policies to deal with the long-term economic and social challenge of global aging , so that we are fully prepared to face this concerning issue .
Aging is becoming a hotter problem when the percentage of the elderly in the society is continuously increasing .
Certainly , when the number of aged people raises , public spending on this group will have to be raised as well to take care of this group .
However , I think there should be a limit on how much shall be spent for the elderly , because government needs to emphasize the money more on country development .
Actually , the problem of more population getting aged does not lie in the demographic change , but in the fact that the productivity of the nation will get declined .
When the government try to spend more and more for the aged , it will leads to a lack in money for development , then a slower economic growth , which finally leave the government with less choice to spend for the elderly people .
Secondly , imposing a limit on public spending for the aged can make people spending money more responsibly .
For most people , bearing in mind that they will have to take care more for themselves when they are old will force them to save money for the future .
They therefore will have to think more when spending money , and reducing wasting extra money on unimportant things .
Moreover , nowadays , with better living condition for the whole life of a person , attributing old people with bad health seems to be not so true for many cases .
Hence , extra care such as extra health diagnostic may not be necessary for many elderly people .
With less money received , social organizations which host these activities will have to choose people to serve more carefully and this can also save much money .
From the opposing view , many people argue that the aged are the most vulnerable group in the society and thus needing more and more attention .
However , to help these people become less vulnerable , it is not so good to do so when they are already aged .
Thus , focusing on social development as a whole , and improving living condition throughout the life of people is actually better way to help people gain a better health and become less vulnerable when they are aged .
The productivity of the country will therefore be increased , and again , with more wealth earned , public spending in general , and on the aged , in particulars , will be increased as a certain result .
In conclusion , although the population of the earth in general is getting aged , which could lead to certain consequence , the government should not be panic to address that problem in a short term way by increase public spending for the aged as high as possible .
Rather , the government should focusing on develop the nation as a whole , especially maintaining the economic growth , because this is the long term and most effective way to solve aging problem .
In my opinion , I agree to a large extent that current research , development and policies have helped eased the aging process .
In the course of my essay , I will first show how economics , medicine , architectural , technological inventions and social policies have helped eased the aging process while financial constraint can limit the effectiveness of easing the aging process .
Firstly , economics have helped eased the aging process .
The various products available helped to minimize the impact of unforeseen events so that an individual can save resources to meet aging needs .
In addition , as education opportunities increase , economies around the world has transformed from labour intensive to knowledge-based .
Secondly , architecture has also helped eased the aging process .
With the growing advocate for obstruction free building design , the mobility of the senior population is significantly increased .
The safety features in household appliances has enabled the elderly to take care of their own needs safely .
Overall , technology allowed the elderly to reduce their dependency on others , and improves the quality of their lives .
In this way , the elderly will have a sum of money available to support themselves in their golden age when they retired .
In conclusion , economics , medicine , architecture , technological inventions and social policies have helped to ease the aging process but they required financial resources to achieve .
The problems of an ageing population have led to these countries coming up with measures to counter effect the problems .
One of which is to increase public spending so as to ensure that the aged are taken care .
We have to prepare more healthcare teams to specialize in treating illness related to the old as it is commonly known that the old are more prone to illness .
Thus , by increasing the amount of healthcare workers focusing on treating elderly illness prevent the situation of the lack of healthcare workers for the elderly in the near future .
Even though so , some of the elderly may not have saved enough to last them till death or their children are not willing to take care of them .
Nevertheless , if the government leaves elderly who are fighting old age alone without care , it would be too cruel of the government .
These unfair treatments that the elderly faced may be pose a psychological problem to them .
For example , the old aged face discrimination when finding jobs as compared to the young and also , the old age may receive less all-rounded treatment in healthcare sector based on the stereotype that they are in the natural process of aging and that they are less likely to recover .
The government then has to interfere to educate the public to be less prejudiced against the old aged .
If the economic improves , people would earn more money and thus the burden on the children taking care of their old-aged parents would be relatively less as they could better afford the costs of taking care of elderly .
Those elderly who are unfortunate or those without kids may face problems as they would have no one to take care of them and would be worse off without any help from the government .
As a result , public spending on the aged should not be limited as it is needed to help these elderly .
To sum up , the government has to assume responsibilities in taking care of the elderly and to ensure that the country is adequately prepared to accept an ageing population , public spending on the aged should not be limited and money should not be diverted into other areas of the country 's development .
I agree to a large extend that current research and development/policies have helped to ease the aging process .
Technology plays a significant role in providing aid and improving the lives of the elderly .
It is also important that ageing related problems are highlighted into the national development and policies for example introduction of the pension system and encouragement of late retirement to reduce elder dependency .
Firstly , the goal of personal health technologies will be to change from a centralized model where the elderly would go to the hospital where healthcare is provided , to a distributed model where by healthcare involves the places where the elderly lives .
Information technology applications have enabled elderly to initiate communication , keep track of their personal health record and also make follow-up appointments which can be conducted through Telemedicine .
Telemedicine was introduced to provide care for the patient from any location with the help of transferring electronic information through various technology applications and equipments ; such as the web camera .
This technology delivered care directly to the homes of the elderly at an affordable rate and provide right information at the right time which benefits decision making of the medical officers involved .
It involves elderly to be more active in taking care of themselves at the comfort of their own home .
It may be objected that telemedicine might not be as effective as contact monitoring and hands on attention .
Nevertheless , such applications have helped to reduce the time spent in hospitals and cost of medical , improve record tracking practices and speed of communication .
Next , national developments and policies such as pension systems are arranged to provide the retired elders income .
The fund may be set up by a corporation , the government , or any other organization to pay the benefits of retired workers .
Critics of this position pointed out that the cost of providing pensions leads the increased taxes on the workforce .
However with the help of pension system , it has provided the elderly with a retired fund , thus reducing the elder dependency on the children of the elderly .
Opponents of this position argue that there would be an increase in the wage base with a lower retirement age , because people will save less as they need less wealth and lower savings , thus by increasing the retirement age .
Moreover , lifelong learning empowers elderly to lead a better lifestyle through social interaction and contribution to the community .
In conclusion , technology and the national development and policies have helped ease the aging process .
Technology applications such as Telemedicine which aids the tracking and handling of medical reports and appointments which in return , encourages elderly to keep track of their personal health through a cost and time effective system .
In recent years , aging population has become a serious demographic challenge to many countries around the world .
Many governments are concerned about an aging population as it leads to problems such as shrinking workforce , decrease in economic growth due to a drop in productivity , increase in societal costs and many more .
With an increase in the number of elderly , it can potentially lead to increase in healthcare costs .
With higher demands and costs for healthcare spending , it will pose as a great challenge for both family and public resources .
Government spending on healthcare amongst countries around the world has always taken up one of the biggest fraction for the budget to be spent by the government .
However , have you ever thought that , if there was a decrease in the amount of government spending on healthcare costs , where will the money be better used to ?
Money can then be diverted to other areas of the country 's development which maybe of better use for the future generations , it will also make society more independent when looking after their own health and lastly instil stronger filial piety and willingness in today 's youth .
Firstly , with a higher budget to be spent in other areas such as education and defense , a country may develop even more rapidly .
With little economic growth , society may be faced with fewer options on how to take care of people who are least able to take care of themselves .
However , with sufficient economic growth , this would not be the case as there will be more options and lesser persons in need of the help .
With more educated youth , the size of the economy and tax base will be higher and the cost burden of an aging population may be spread over a larger and more productive future generation .
Such as the case in Scandinavian countries where generous public funding for prenatal incentives and investments in children for example in education as helped curb the problem a population 's aging and declining .
Furthermore , with a more educated society , more people are acquired with the knowledge to better take care of themselves and hence help lessen the amount of healthcare spending .
Elderly dependency can be reduced when it is enforced or encourage upon them to plan and provide in advance for their own old-age dependency .
When enforced by law or encouraged to save and invest more of their income while still in the work force , people will then of sufficient amount of money to take care of their health issues when necessary rather than depend on the government spending to support their health spending .
Dependence on the government can also be reduced by encouraging later retirement dates , longer working lives and lower requirements to elder employment which can be achieved alone with an increase on the eligibility of age for pensions and government incentives for the elderly .
In Singapore , the government has tried using schemes such as CPF ( Central Provident Fund ) , Medisave , Medishield and even scrapped away the pension scheme in order to encourage more Singaporeans to take better control of their own health issues .
Lastly , with limited public spending on healthcare , it will encourage more working adults to take better care of their elderly parents .
With elderly to look after for , there will be more stresses on filial obligation and also increases the willingness of adults in the future to take care of their elderly parents by all methods .
In an increasingly paper-chase society , working adults often have no time , attention , care and even financial aid to take care of their elderly parents and eventually abandon them in homes .
However , with the support and care from the proper channel from the family , it may be a better and cheaper alternative to take care of the elderly by yourself then depend on the nursing home 's nurse to take care of your parents .
However , detractors may disagree that money public spending should be limited on healthcare and diverted to other areas of the country 's development .
The society may face with a wide range of social issues on education , housing and many more which may not be solved by setting limits on healthcare expenditure on the government 's part but instead create even more problems .
Yet , in the first place , spending on healthcare may not be a good way to solve societal issues such as the lack of filial piety amongst youth and over dependence on the government to solve every problem one might face with .
In a nut shell , government spending on the aged in the healthcare should be capped at a certain limit to take care of people who may really be in need while the rest of the budget are to be shifted to other areas of the country 's growth .
With a limit on healthcare expenditure in the government 's budget , there maybe a better investment in the area where the government 's budget goes to , people would be more self reliant and lastly it will instill a stronger sense of filial obligation in youth .
If the government decides to cut its expenditure on aging population , the elderly will be struggling for their survival as many welfare benefits will be limited .
This increase burdens on the younger workforce as they have to bear the cost of healthcare services required by the elderly .
This is because the older generation has contributed to the workforce during their younger days .
It is their hard labour that had paved the road for us today .
As a result , the younger people and the government should return favour by helping the elderly .
Even if the elderly is able to support their own , the government should continue in assisting through other policies .
However , priority should be given to the needy elderly ; especially for older people with less education background and savings .
A handful of old people are left stranded on the streets without shelters .
Some are abandoned by their families while others can not afford a house because of their financial difficulties .
Therefore , the government should not limit public spending on aging population .
As they aged , their body constitution becomes weaker .
They have to make occasional visit to the doctor for diagnostics and remedy .
The cost is heavy , especially nowadays when new technologies and treatments are expensive .
The government can subsidize part of the healthcare expenses borne by the elderly .
This will lighten the burden of the aging population as well as the younger workforce .
Certainly , if the government diverts its spending to other areas of the country 's development , they would enjoy a growing economic growth .
Because of that , they will be able to collect more taxes , which can be used to aid the aging population .
Clearly , the consequences of cutting expenditure on the aged outweigh the other in many aspects .
A sizeable segment of the aged will be suffering through the process of achieving an economic growth .
Consequently , they will be struggling for survival with the limited welfare policies available to them .
In other words , if welfare programs for the aged are reduced due to limited spending , many problems will arise .
Subsequently , the government have to spend more resources to solve the arising problems .
Therefore , it is better to give equal if not more spending to the aged , keeping existing welfare benefits in place .
Current psychological researchers claimed that there are several pillars of being a healthy individual .
Therefore , to have pillars such as having sufficient social support and having an active engagement in life helps people to cope with the inevitable stressful elderly life .
Care at home is often the preferred choice of the elderly and is generally more affordable for care providers than sending them into an elderly institution .
The elderly needed some form of monitoring technology to help improve their safety where no one is able to be around to look after them all the time .
Remote health monitoring solutions such as to keep tabs on their blood pressure , body temperature and their heart-rate can alert for medical attention as fast as possible .
Technologies had also been designed to help the elderly maintain their own independence .
One invented device uses optical sensors to supervise how these elderly pick things up and how they use them .
It can tell if a person does something wrong such as mistaking a bottle of vinegar as drinking water ; or if they are doing certain things in the wrong order .
This technological invention can also be extended to monitor how the elderly interacts with other devices such as a television , DVD player or a washing machine .
Another invention uses Radio Frequency Identification ( RFID ) technology to track which medications were taken and when .
In addition , adding a motion sensor system to provide a daily update of the elderly can help bring peace of mind to distant relatives who are concerned about the safety of their elderly family members who might be injured or ill and worse of all ; unable to call for help .
We have seen how technologies were able to replace human supervision and to monitor elderly condition round the clock which was less possible with human care providers .
One may argue that these technologies could potentially isolate the elderly further from their families and keeping them indoors even more .
This is no longer true because advanced technologies had managed to put a face to high tech devices .
A technology called the Digital Family Portrait enables the elderly and their relatives to hang up a special digital frame on their walls to receive updates of what 's going on in the faraway houses .
This technology can also be used to receive video phone calls from neighbors within the elderly community .
Furthermore , elderly who have difficulties getting out of their homes can tap on various video technologies to draw themselves closer to their neighbors and faraway relatives by playing chess with them or engaging in a simple conversation .
Instead , it was meant to be a life enabler to increase the quality of life ; like helping the elderly stay indoors safely providing maximum possible social interaction and social support from their neighbors and relatives .
Therefore , current research on technology targeted towards the elderly will not only help ease the aging process ; it also increases the quality of life significantly for these elderly folks .
As Singapore 's population ages , there are many issues arising on how to help the elderly cope with the aging process .
Therefore , with the government 's emphasis on tackling the uprising problems of an ageing population , current research and development have helped to ease the aging process through introducing policies , upgrading of facilities and providing quality healthcare services .
These improvements can be seen in various context and we will be looking at the benefits it has provided to the elderly .
They introduced laws and encourage people to save and invest more of their income earned while they are active in the work force .
The government created public awareness on early planning and proper saving strategies which are necessary to ensure that we have enough money to last us through our old-age after retirement .
The government has also setup a mandatory saving scheme for all working Singaporeans .
However , to some people , especially the younger minds , they disagree with such scheme .
They believe that they should have control over their money earned instead of being 'forced ' to contribute a portion of their income to such a scheme .
Thus , with the public awareness on saving for old age and the CPF , one will have sufficient savings for their old-age dependency .
Therefore , with the development of an elderly-friendly environment , it has helped to ease the aging process .
An elderly is not afraid to walk around the housing estates or travel in public transports as these facilities have become more accessible to them .
One of the architectural developments that we can see is the building of lifts to serve all levels of new and existing HDB flats .
This eliminates the need for an elderly to climb the stairs in order to get to the level that the lift has no access to .
The elderly will have an easier time walking up and down to get to their destination .
Public transportations such as the MRT and buses have similar concept implemented to their facilities .
MRT stations have built lifts to allow the elderly to travel up to the platform and down with ease .
Public buses have steps-free entrance and exit for easier mobility of the elderly .
However , some people are concern if the spending on all these upgrades to increase accessibility for the elderly is necessary .
But if we do not maintain a good infrastructure that caters to the elderly , no matter how good the economy is , the elderly will not be able to enjoy accessible and user-friendly facilities that ease their life .
However , now we will be able to get the proper care and rehabilitation from improvements to healthcare facilities such as public hospitals , nursing homes and polyclinics .
We have a team of well-trained doctors and nurses who are committed to take care of the elderly who needs special attention .
We also have groups of medical specialist who are always finding ways to improve the healthcare of the elderly through better medication and rehabilitation .
As a result , more day rehabilitation centres and nursing homes are built to handle the demands for increasing healthcare .
In my opinion , the elderly does not need to worry about getting good healthcare services as it is easily found anywhere in Singapore .
The government policies are involved to ensure that proper saving for the future is in place , the upgrading of public facilities have helped create an elderly-friendly environment and the better healthcare services readily available .
Firstly , encouraging later retirement for elderly can drastically change their attitude towards work .
This in turn will provide a positive mentality to better prepare them in their older age .
For example , when the government announced measures to encourage later retirements , the citizens will be prepared for what is to come and will be more readily to accept it and thus reducing elder dependency in the long term .
Secondly , by extending working lives , it will often results in the accumulation of more wealth which can be used to support themselves in the old age .
In addition , it acts as a safety net to dramatically reduce the need for elder dependency .
For example , an elderly who worked for 50 years compared to one that worked for 40 years has considerably more savings .
With the ability to work and also a sustainable income , elderly will find themselves less dependent on others .
Moreover , their experience gained can prove valuable to the economy .
For example , with increased measures from government for putting elderly into the workforce , the elderly will be able to depend on themselves .
All in all , the strategy on reducing elder dependency through the 3 methods can prove to be valuable for an aging society .
Once you are abroad , there is nothing you can do " , said Golda Meir .
Indeed , perhaps everyone is afraid of aging because it not only marks deterioration in physical health and significant psychological changes , but also places more financial burdens on the government and the society , because obviously , the elderly need fiscal support , better health care and facilities specialized for their elder problems .
One example of necessary financial support is the investment on developing and upgrading the current facilities used in education , including information technology equipment , laboratory and library system .
This is particularly important to developing and less-developed nations ' education , like Vietnam , China , Philippine and Malaysia , where teaching and learning are still following the traditional method with less support by IT and using old textbooks , as well as laboratories with obsolete devices .
Hence , students will be able to approach updated knowledge more easily , experiment and apply what they have learned in reality .
By providing tuition grants ( of 80 % ) and financial aid for living costs for foreign students along with a career bond , Singapore will have a greater workforce serving them for at least 3 years after graduation .
Another area that the government needs to concern is the environment as hundreds of environmental projects ( such as reducing the level of green house gases and noxious fumes in the atmosphere or promoting the use of non-plastic carrying bag ) are waiting for capital and fiscal support .
In such small nations ( in terms of geographical area ) like Singapore , this issue is particularly important because every climatic change or pollution problem is likely to negatively affect the whole country , especially physical health of people , including the aged .
Moreover , environment is a global concern ; it influences everybody in the world .
Thus , protecting it means we are protecting not only the young but also the elderly , not only the current generation , but also the future ones .
Besides the concerns about environmental protection and education , public spending on the aged should be partly transferred to public infrastructure development projects such as public transportation , schools , hospitals because such developments are directly related to the improvement in living standards of senior citizens .
Firstly , a modern infrastructure will bring about higher capabilities , effectiveness and efficiency .
One example of this could be the extension of access to most public places and even on public transport vehicles for people with physical disabilities , such as designing paths or elevators specialized for wheel chairs , or placing special directions for the elderly with sight or hearing problems .
Secondly , due to higher efficiency , such system will help reduce the operating expense and subsequently decrease the living expenditure for citizens .
For instance , a well organized public transportation system will help minimize the use of private vehicles which is costly , and reduce traffic congestion and accidents .
And therefore , to some extents , the elderly will indirectly benefit from this policy .
In conclusion , people may be upset with this idea because they may think that the aged increasingly lack of care from the society .
However , if considering the positive impacts it brings about the entire society , obviously the advantages will outweigh the disadvantages .
In Singapore , it 's no different .
As the population continue to age , government spending on the aged would increase as more and more people would rely on the government for their needs .
I do not agree with them .
In the past , literacy rate of the people is low .
Many elders of the current generation have little to no education thus in the economical active years , they were n't able to save a lot .
Moreover , most of the money they earned was spent on their children to make sure that they receive proper education .
This action of placing the younger generation 's interest before theirs and making sure that they get proper education increases the literacy rate of the country and contributed to the country 's development .
In other words , the old have contributed a lot into shaping our country to what she is today .
Therefore now that the country has prospered , the government should look after the people who helped made it possible .
On the other hand , some may argue that since the elder spent their money on their children , it 's now the responsibility of the children to look after their needs , and not the government 's .
If that were to happen , it would impact the society as social cost would increase and the younger generation may find it harder to start a family .
According to Singapore Ministry of Finance , in FY2009 , 41.5 % of government expenditure would be placed on the economical and social development of the country .
Looking at the numbers , we could tell that sufficient funds have already been placed for the country 's development thus no additional funds are required .
Even if there is a need for additional funds for economical and social development , instead of limiting or cutting cost on the aged , the government should look at other areas to cut .
A reason for the stand that government should limit spending on the aged is that the aged is not of much use to the society thus the government should not concentrate so much on them .
Most of the aged proved that they can continue to work and contribute to the society in one way or another thus their welfare should be looked at as well .
In conclusion , spending on the aged should not be limited or diverted as for a developed country like Singapore , many successes are brought about by them and they helped shaped the country to what it is today .
If there was ever a need for more funds to be injected to the development of the country , other areas and not the spending on the aged should be looked at .
I agree that the implemented polices eases the aging process .
To control the population , they introduce the 'stop at two ' policy that was so successful , which resulted in a decline of the overall population even till today .
The drop of population give rises to the aging population .
To tackle the issue on aging population , The Government has implemented some measures that help the elderly to age comfortably .
Some of the measures are Medisave , Lift Improvement and Facilities Enhancement for the elderly ( LIFE ) and Eldershield scheme .
The Medisave covers a range of health expenses which includes Surgical Operations , Psychiatric treatment and many more .
Such measures of saving for the raining days will help Singaporeans to cover part of their medical expenses as they retire into old age .
Although this scheme does not provide 100 % coverage on their medical bills , patients will have a lesser burden when majority of the medical bills are heavily subsided by The Government and supported by Medisave .
The services include upgrading of lifts to access every floor , installation of support handbars in washroom and setting up Senior Activity Centre in the neighbourhood .
According to General Housing Survey 2005 , there is around 22,000 elderly living alone .
More attentions should be given to this group of elderly as they have no one to turn to if they require help in their household .
By installing handbars and improving the accessibility of lifts , elderly are now able to move around safely and in better comfort .
The Senior Activity Centre also provides a place for the lonely old folks to mingle around and to participate in recreational activity .
The upgrading process might cause inconveniences to the residents but is a pay off that they have to bear with for a better tomorrow .
Thirdly , the Eldershield scheme is introduced since 2007 .
The scheme automatically covers Singaporean that are aged 40 and above with an insurance plan .
According to Census of Population 2000 , about 3 % of elderly was non-ambulant .
However , one will have to pay a minimum of $ 176.96 annual premium in order enjoy the benefits of the scheme .
To make the plan affordable , the government provides premium subsidy and constantly review the plan .
In conclusion , the elderly are now more protected and ages more comfortable with the implementation of the policies .
There are two sides to a coin , although the measures do not solve the problem entirely and may cause inconvenience in some case , the benefits will eventually outweigh the cons .
The Government will have to constantly review and improve the measures to be prepared for the aging population .
There have been many controversial debates on whether the government should limit public spending on the elderly group so that money can be diverted to other areas of the country 's development .
While this is important and inevitable , our government is being challenged to cope with the need to increase allocation of public funds for this area with a graying population .
If a limit is not in place , the government might soon face difficulties with funding other key sectors of the country 's development such as education and defense .
Smaller side effects include , the over reliance on the government to support the aged .
This will turn the regime of supporting the elderly a nightmare and burden to the society .
Firstly , with a graying population , the government is expected to spend more public funds each year on areas like healthcare for the elderly , elderly friendly public facilities such as slopes in housing estates .
This section of public expenditure soaks up a large portion in the government 's annual allocated budget each year .
In Singapore 2009 's budget allocation , a total of $ 66 million ( up from a total of $ 55.6 million in year 2008 ) was allocated from the pool of $ 18.1 billion allocated for social development .
This expenditure is expected to rise further with the increase of life expectancy and the increase in the proportion of elderly ( from 8.6 % in 2008 to 18.7 % in year 2030 ) .
Quoting a statistic from Singapore 's 2008 budget day report , in 2007 , 21 % of the Government Healthcare Expenditure ( GHE ) , or 0.2 % of the country 's GDP was dedicated to elderly care .
Mnay people might however , disagree that government should limit the public spending on aged .
Economic growth of a country relies on many areas such as education , welfare of the public , defense system , transportation , and many more .
All these aspects work together to contribute great impact to the country and make the country grow .
Therefore , the government should not direct their money specifically into certain areas and while neglecting the rest .
Education is one of the very important areas .
Government should invest enough amount of afford to this area .
School is a place where every single young receive education .
Government should also focus on developing this area to make the learning process more interactive and exciting .
Education and knowledge are important tools that help them to survive at outside working world .
Lacking of education leads to lack of knowledge .
If a country does develop well on the education area , the economics of the country definitely will not grow well .
This is because most graduate do not meet the industrial requirement .
Thus , government should also focus and put in more afford to help these people .
Government should create more job opportunity for them .
For example , government can run some job training programs to help the graduates exploit their talent and make them industrial compatible .
Investing into the young is more worthy than to the aged because they are well-educated and have potential to bring more contributing to the country .
Over the time , the population of old people is gradually growing .
If expenditure on the aged is never controlled , it means that government is putting more and more money on something which never really has impact on country economic growth .
Government can limit the expenditure because the burden of health cost can be borne by their family members through scheme like MediSave .
Working adults have to pay for high living expenses and support their children on tuition and enrichment classes .
To those with low income , it has already been a burden for them .
Most elderly have a lot of health problems and they also need medical care , which majority of them involves high cost .
Therefore , cutting down on the welfare program will put the working adult in financial crisis .
They will have to compensate more to work extra hard to earn a living .
For example , they might compensate their time and health to take up 2 or more jobs working day and night .
As a result , it will cause the adult to have poor health condition and reduce productivity in work .
In conclusion , limiting the public spending on the aged does not mean the cease the expenditure for them .
This is to achieve the balance between each area , where government can set a limit and provide adequate amount spending on them while focusing on other more important aspect like education and so on .
Public spending refers to money expended by a government to pay for areas such as defense , development projects , education , health , infrastructure , law & order maintenance and such spending is supported by taxation .
With an increasing number of elderly in the society , it is rather strenuous for the non-elderly to contribute to the tax base .
And it is in no doubt that the aged requires additional spending on public pensions and health care .
One argument that suggests money should be diverted to the education area is that higher education would help to cut down the sizeable segment of the population who need government aid during old age in the future .
This is because according to Robert B. Friedland and Laura Summer , people with better education is more likely to have higher incomes and better health .
However , they should take in consideration that there are elderly from the past generations without good education who have not been able to save in their younger days .
Since they are old , retired and do not have much savings , large health and long-term care expenses will significantly deplete the resources of many elderly .
Some thinks that spending money on the aged is like throwing money down the drain since it is part and parcel of life for them to grow old , age and die .
Thus , making it possible for people to live comfortably now .
Whereas , an elderly who have children whose income is relatively stable , will receive lesser help .
In this way , public spending will not be misused , children are forced to be filial and therefore , do not have to set a limitation on public spending since the amount spent on the aged will be lesser .
In order for those elderly from the past generations to live reasonably well , but not to the extent of " luxury well " , government should assess the living condition of these elderly and provide them with the necessary aid instead of limiting public spending on the aged .
In recent years , public spending on the aged has gradually increased , sparking countless discussions about whether public spending on the aged should bre limited , so that the money can be diverted to other areas of the country 's development .
In countries where the population is not aging , public spending on the aged should be lowered and the funds should be channelled into other more important policies and schemes .
One of the reasons , why the government should not be the one that is supporting the elderly , is the simple concept of filial piety .
Filial piety is one of the virtues that have been around society for ages , it emphasises the respect for parents .
Therefore , the costs of aged should be borne by their respective offspring .
Their children should be the one to support them through their old age , and it can be seen as " repayment " for all that their parents have done .
It is n't easy to bring children up and parents have to scrimp and save just to give their children the best .
Parents also try to give their children the best education they can afford to .
So , should n't it be only fair that their children support them through their old age , especially when they have no one else to rely on ?
Therefore the public spending on the aged should be cut down , because the younger generation should be the one supporting their parents , it is their own duty and should not be left to the government .
But , there will be special cases , where such aged folk do not have children to rely on , either because they did not have kids , or due to some misfortune resulting in the loss of their children .
In these cases , it would only be right for the government to help out .
Hence the public spending on the aged should be limited , but not completely ignored .
Also , in every society where such schemes exist , there will be a group of people who tend to " abuse " the system .
In reality , there are a number of those who try leech off as much government funding as they can , despite their ability to support themselves .
After the aged retire , there are a large group of them who actually are still fit to work , they are able to do minor jobs to support themselves .
However , this is rarely seen due to the fact that most of them do not wish to continue working into old age , they believe that they deserve to rest .
Although I believe that people who retire definitely deserve their old age freedom , I completely disagree that most of them are doing it at the expense of the government .
If your children are unable to support you through your old age for whatever reason , you should be trying to find minor jobs to support yourself , especially if you are still physically fit .
Therefore the spending on the aged should be lowered , and the smaller amount of funds that are dedicated to it should be given out more wisely and strictly .
Some people disagree that the public spending on aged should be cut down , and they may say that the cost of supporting an old person may be too much of a burden for the young adult of our world .
However , I feel that if there are increased funds in the other sectors of country 's development , the burden would actually be lesser than it already is .
If , the public spending on the aged is lowered and the funds are diverted to other channels to boost the economic growth , the country would enjoy a richer society .
There will be a rise in wealth and the working population would actually have more monetary assets to support the aged .
Also , the funds can be diverted into other sources which will result in an increase of cleanliness in a country .
This can be through the form of increased technology , or investment into machinery that clean up the polluted air .
The cost of supporting and old person is by no doubt majorly due to the increased medical costs that come with old age .
However if the country is able to find a way to improve cleanliness in the country , this will no doubt lead to a healthier population , which in turn means lower medical costs .
Therefore it is the wiser choice to lower the public spending on elderly , because the net benefit from such an action would be much greater than if we were to leave the spending untouched .
However , such a policy would only be beneficial in countries that do not face an ageing population .
Countries that face the problem of an ageing population are unable to carry out such a plan .
This is due to the fact that it is almost impossible for the younger generation to support the aged , considering the number of aged in society greatly outweigh the generation that are supporting them .
Therefore it would be wiser for the governments of such countries to find other policies that would suit their own needs .
This would in turn benefit the country more than if they were to leave the policies untouched .
This essay agrees to a large extent that current research and development/policies have helped to ease the aging process because of the innovative solutions that Singapore 's government and other organizations have come up with to further delay the aging process .
These solutions are mostly focused in the area of medicine , technology and society in which they are essential in slowing the process and eradicating this issue in the future .
For instance , in United Kingdom , a research done by Deloitte and summarized by Dr Michael Harris ( Nesta , April 2009 ) , reflected that more than a quarter of fifty to sixty year old elderly people are diagnosed with medical conditions and the numbers are expected to increase in the future .
It is possible for people to have this judgement because this medicine is not widely used in the market as further research is still ongoing to further improve its effectiveness .
Most of them will have trouble adjusting to new technology when they are already comfortable with the level of technological background that they are equipped in .
Moreover , the health conditions such as deteriorating eye sight or poorer hearing can be a problem as well .
However , Microsoft has come up with technological advancement that helps the elderly deal with these situations due to their health concerns .
Despite this solution , the elderly are still struggling to cope with the latest technology .
On the contrary , they should be willing to adapt to technological changes as they are there to help humans cope with their daily activities and there are alternatives provided to these changes so that society would not to neglect the elderly .
In fact , one of the measures includes the " Maintenance of Parents Act " ( Statutes , " Maintenance of Parents Act " , Chapter 167B , June 1996 ) in which parents can claim their rights from their children who had neglected them .
This way , it helps to prevent grown children from running away from their responsibilities towards their parents .
Other than that , companies are encouraged to employ older workers even after these workers have past their retirement age ( Channel NewsAsia , September 2009 ) .
To further attract the interest of companies to do so , recognition such as the " AARP International Innovative Employer Awards " is given out to companies who showed innovation on how to include elderly in their companies ( AARP International , January 2008 ) .
Yet , despite such incentives being given out , many companies still chose to retrench those who fall under the older age group during the retrenchment period claiming that the elderly are less productive and effective .
While this may be true , it is possible to keep the elderly away from retrenching them as the elderly can take up upgrading course to improve their skills .
In conclusion , although these researches and policies have yet to fully solve the problem of an aging population , they still provide alternatives for the aged and society to cope with the problem .
Thus , it is up to the individuals themselves to determine whether they would want to oblige to the policies implemented and try out those new alternatives .
Aging population is becoming more and more serious problem , consuming a great amount of money from public programs .
One solution is limiting the money spending on programs for the aged and diverting that money to other areas of country developments .
Some critics say implementing this solution might be implied that the government does not want to support the elderly ; however it is a practical solution for the current aging population problem .
Some people say this solution might cause financial difficulty to many elderly and their family , especially some delicate segments of the elderly population , such as those who have particularly low income like older single women , or those who attained little education ( Robert B. Friedland and Laura Summer , 2005 ) .
However , this policy will only cut off a part of the money used for the aged .
For those who can support themselves , either by their own saving money or by support of family , should take the responsible to reduce the financial stress put on programs for the elderly .
In fact , there are more and more people who do not have to rely on the government help .
Robert B. Friedland and Laura Summer ( 2005 ) also agree that " the population aged 65 to 75 is healthier , wealthier and better educated than persons in this age group in past generations " .
In fact , several countries have already implemented means testing systems that reflects the above idea .
In Australia there is a means testing for age pensions , which is based on the income test and assets test to assess compensation payments ( http : //www.fahcsia.gov.au ) .
Starting from 1 January 2009 , Singapore has run a mean testing system in its public hospital : a certain group of citizen with certain range of income will have different subsidy scheme .
For example , citizens who have average income lower than 3200 $ per month will have their hospital fee subsidized by 80 % while those who earn more than 5200 $ monthly will only have their hospital fee subsidized by 50 % ( source : http : //www.hospitals.sg ) .
Most importantly , limiting public money spending on the aged will save a great amount of money for the Government .
This money can be diverted to other needier and more important programs , such as education , environment programs and other economic development related programs .
Friedland and Laura Summer ( 2005 ) state that the key word in fighting against aging population is economic growth .
As the economic develops , the country will generate more money and thus be able to spend a greater amount of money on programs such as health care support for elderly .
In conclusion , country which faces the aging population problem should consider limiting public money spend on the aged and instead using that money on country developments .
That cut-off money can be considered as an investment on the country economic .
Besides , a country could also run supporting programs to make the policy run more effectively , such as promoting children 's willingness to support the elderly parents and implementing means testing programs .
Firstly , it is user friendly .
IT is user friendly .
It over comes the two main problems that the elderly have when using IT .
IT , on the other hand , will never grow impatient on the old .
Some people may argue that although IT would not grow impatient on the old , the old may , in contrast , grow impatient on IT .
However , I believe that IT is user friendly , and therefore easy to pick up .
The elderly , it given a chance at IT , will never tire of it .
IT ( as cited in Helsinki , 8 April , 2003 ) could improve the operative ability of the elderly and may even enhance their wellbeing .
The aged could even prevent being sent to an old folk 's home , be able to live alone at home , and have increased individual management of their personal issues .
IT not only brings great convenience to the livelihood of the aged , but is also user friendly .
This makes it easy for the elderly , who would be slow at learning , to pick up IT and get familiarized with it , at their own time .
It is also clear that with all the above reasons , the elderly would most definitely find it rather undemanding for them to embrace it in their lives .
Many problems usually start to arise when one reached their old age .
For instance , one will have lower productivity in work as well as one will need to face the issue of rising social and healthcare cost .
( Peter G. Peterson , 2001 ) Also , the effects of having little education , not being able to save during one 's economically active years as well as deteriorating health continue into old age suggest that government should not limit public spending on elderly ( Robert B. Friedland and Laura Summer , 2005 ) Although , there are many benefits for money to be diverted to other areas of the country 's development , such as , education and generating a more productive workforce , public spending on the aged should not be limited to allow elderly people to age with dignity .
First of all , public spending on the aged can be diverted to help those people who have lower income but have the potential of pursuing a higher education to get a higher qualification .
The government could offer scholarships or offer subsidize school fees based on their income level in order to help to generate more higher educated people so that the effects of having little education and not being able to save during one 's economically active years could be minimized .
Although there are benefits , it will result in a large number of people having high qualification and it will end up becoming something that is common among everybody .
Therefore , diverting money to education would not help to minimized the effect of having little education and not being able to save during one 's economically active years .
So , this suggests that public spending on the aged should not be limited .
Secondly , public spending on the aged can be diverted to increase salary and bonus for those people that are more hardworking and productive so that it will help to generate a more productive workforce .
With an increased in salary and bonus , it will allow one to save during one 's economically active years and also help one to minimize deteriorating health that will continue into old age because one will have the ability to pay for their healthcare cost in order to cure any illnesses before it continue into old age .
On the other hand , with the increase salary and bonus for those people that are more hardworking and productive , it will result in everybody fighting for the increase salary and bonus and therefore , one will become enemy of the other person .
This also suggests that public spending should not be limited for the aged .
In conclusion , public spending should not be diverted to other areas such as , education and generating a more productive workforce .
Instead , the government should support the aged by providing work that are suitable for the elderly as well as providing support for their medical and social spending in order to help elderly to cope with the rising issue of social and healthcare cost .
Moreover , when the government provide support for medical and social spending , it will allow elderly to have enough money to spend for their other leisure activities .
Therefore , public spending on the aged should not be limited in order to allow elderly to aged with dignity .
Yes , I agree that public spending on the aged should be limited so that money can be used for other developments .
There are several reasons on why public spending should be limited .
One reason is that the government can still provide benefits to elderly by developing areas that will benefit all age groups .
By limiting public spending on the aged , the government can focus on other developments such as economy .
Government could use public funds to invest in job markets to increase the economical growth of the country .
This does bring some benefits to elderly .
With an increase economy growth , the number of working population will rise as more people will be able to find jobs .
This will encourage working adults to take responsibility to look after their elderly parents and thus , promoting filial obligation .
On top of that , with a better economy , the elderly will be able earn more income if they decide to continue to work till retirement age .
Firstly , business depends on a reliable network of transportation , as timed saved will be money saved .
In addition , the transportation network is a key determinant on how businesses are located which in term will affect the flow of investments and the country 's economy .
For example , with more MRT stations and buses , the working population will find travelling to their workspaces will become more convenient .
As for the elderly , they will be able to save time travelling to places such as hospitals , community centers and etc .
Besides that , elderly would also be able to travel in a more comfortable way .
Therefore , the government should used public funds to improve transportation .
Funds could be used to set up more MRT stations , increase the frequency and quality of buses , which in turn will benefit everyone .
There are other reasons on why public spending on the aged should be limited .
One reason is the rising cost of caring for aged .
This is because the numbers of people aged 60 and above are expected to be triple by year 2050 .
Also , with the rising cost of living , amount of funds needed to care for the elderly will rise tremendously .
This will mean a higher tax is required .
Therefore , if the government does not limit the spending , more taxpayer 's money will be needed to be spend to care for the elderly .
When this trend continues , the country 's financial reserves will be depleted .
As a result , there is a need to balance the public spending .
In conclusion , public spending should be limited so that funds could be used in other developments .
Public spending on the aged should be limited so that money can be diverted to other areas of the country 's development .
I disagree to this statement .
The idea of reducing public spending for the aged would eventually generate more problems in the country and thus slowing down the country 's development instead .
The scope of this essay will be focused on the area of public spending in healthcare of the elderly .
The country could consider adjusting the budget into improving the economy .
Indeed it may seem to be a wise move as the country will be richer in their next budget planning .
However , as the economy grows , wages increases and cost of life increases , it would be inevitable that prices of products , medication , and services , hospitalization bills , would also be on the rise .
As the subsidy is reduced , the family will have to pay more .
Therefore , the effect of the positive increased wages could be well offset or even insufficient to keep up with the cost of living for the middle and lower income groups .
Thus , would lead to the rich getting richer , and the poor getting poorer .
Do you consider a country with high GDP , tall and flashy buildings , together with an increasing number of its citizen living condition regressing into living in slum condition a country with good economy ?
Policy-makers claim for children to take responsibilities of their elderly parents ' medical expenses is a form of filial piety , in order to reduce its public spending on the aged .
Despite of that wonderfully painted deception , reality proves otherwise , as people tries to work around the system .
For example the existence of schemes such as Do-Not-Resuscitate ( DNR ) and Euthanasia , though only in certain countries , could tells a different story as these voluntary schemes may possibly not be so voluntary after all , as children could stress their parents to die earlier in excuse to relieve their pains so as to lighten their financial burden .
Taken from a scene from the movie " Money No Enough 2 " , directed by Jack Neo , was a scene in the hospital where the mother 's three children were burning a talisman to hope for their mother 's death during the economic downturn .
In addition , according to { http : //www.euthanasia.com/deaths2003.html } [ HYPERLINK : http : //www.euthanasia.com/deaths2003.html ] , there were an increased in number of people in Oregon died on euthanasia , of which 37 % of the patients had indicated of being concerned on the financial burden on their family , { http : //www.euthanasia.com/reasons2003.html } [ HYPERLINK : http : //www.euthanasia.com/reasons2003.html ] .
Although these statistics were not specifically targeted on the aged , it indicated that being a financial burden played a part in their decision to terminate their life earlier , be it instigated or not .
The money could also be invested into many other areas of the country 's development for further growths or better benefits to the country , rather than wasting on healthcare benefits for the elderly .
On the other hand , it is these aged population that had brought the country to what it is right now with their sweat and blood .
Their ailments and conditions could be resulted from their work , be it directly or indirectly caused , while contributing to the nation progress , thus it should not be ignored .
Because of that , therefore it is only reasonable that the country should look after these past contributors and not to overlook their achievements just because they are no longer as capable of contributing to the nation .
As this move will reflect badly on how the country regards its citizen , it may even discourage its citizen from performing their best , or even migrate and work in other country , as they are aware that state will not take care of them in their later life .
To sum up , without a doubt diverting public spending from supporting the aged population to the other development in the country may at first seem to be the best option , but eventually , it could in turn result in more harm than good , be it by upsetting the balance of wealth in the country , educating of wrong moral value and conveying the wrong message to its citizen workforce .
With the development of society , governments and policy makers pay more attention to the phenomenon of aging populations , especially in developed countries .
According to incomplete figures , in the European countries , spending on pensions , health , and related issues is 15 % of GDP ( gross domestic product ) currently .
However , although the spending on the aged is high , it should not be limited .
Some consider that public spending on the aged should be limited so that money can be diverted to other areas of the country 's development .
For instance , government should cut down the spending on aged , and use more money to attract talented immigrants .
However , the result what we will do that is that many immigrants who have different cultural backgrounds will pour into the country .
One country with the great influx of immigrants will become unstable , since cultures are different and cultural fusion need a long period of time .
Hence , it is not necessary to limit the public spending on the aged for attracting talented immigrants .
On one hand , limiting the public spending on the aged does not mean that we can spend less money on the aged .
Some of the reasons mentioned are " reducing the share of public support does not eliminate societal costs " ( Robert B. Friedland and Laura Summer ) .
At the same time , cutting down public spending on aged will shift the financial pressure to the families with old people .
Therefore , we should not limit the public spending on the aged .
On the other hand , it should promote a sense of humanity and come up with more ways to help the vulnerable group and it is the duty of government that pays more attention to the vulnerable group in the society .
The aged belongs to the vulnerable group , as the productivity of the elderly is relatively low , but their medical expenses and social costs are higher than other age groups .
Thus , public support on the finance for the aged is extremely important .
In contrast , some may say that it is obligation for children to show filial obedience to the older generation , so young family members need to take care of the older generation and government can bear less responsibility for older people .
Due to this , the public spending on the aged should be limited .
If we just cut down the public spending on the aged and divert the money to other areas of the country 's development , this is contrary to the purpose of the government .
In other words , why do we divert the money to other areas of the country 's development ?
In consequence of the same aims , diverting the money to other areas of the country 's development is an extra and needless job .
In conclusion , public spending on the aged should not be limited so that money can be diverted to other areas of the country 's development .
However , it does not mean that the aged can totally dependent on government 's support .
The aged are advised to solve their problems as possible as they can and put the public support as their second choice .
" Although we are moving towards a a fast aging population , public spending should be limited and diverted to area like monetary reward to encourage parents to have more babies .
Besides , if we were to slow down the country 's development , this might hinder our economic growth which in turn , will affect the public spending on the aged indirectly .
As we are now facing the problem of a fast aging population , healthcare expenses incurred by the elderly needs funding .
Therefore , if public spending on the aged were to be limited , less budgets would be set aside for the elderly , which would affect them as healthcare is very important to them as they will face many health issues .
With the limitation of public spending on the aged , the elderly might not receive essential healthcare due to insufficient funding , which may leads to undesired outcome .
If public spending on the aged were to be limited and diverted to funds to encourage couples to have more babies , many people will plan to have more babies since their worries of not having enough money to bring up or to support so many babies have been partially subsidies by the fund .
As the increase in the fund for baby bonus leads to more people planning to have more babies , this would eventually reduce the problem of having too many elderly which make us move towards an aging society .
In this way , it indirectly reduces the problem of having to set aside a big amount of money to aid healthcare services for the elders .
Another reason to limit public spending on the aged is that the children of the elderly should pay for their parent 's healthcare expenses .
If the funding for the aged are limited , this will result in children bearing the responsibilities to look after their own parents .
As people can no longer depend on the society to look after their parents , they will have to take up the responsibilities of looking after their own parents .
In this way , people will be setting a good example to their children by looking after their own parents which would in turn indicate to their children that they should look after their parents in the future .
Although funding of healthcare services for the elderly is essential , it should be limited and diverted to other areas , especially baby bonus .
With more babies born , it would mean more people to look after their parents in the future , which would in turn cut down funds needed for the elderly .
In addition , having more babies will reduce our median age and also solve our problem of moving towards an aging population .
I do not agree with the statement that public spending on the aged should be limited so that money can be divided to other areas of the country 's development .
As Singapore 's population is aging , it is the best time to provide for them to provide for the aged .
Critics might think that as someone is aging , the person is can no longer provide for the society anymore .
Firstly , the elderly can provide for the society by imparting values to the younger generation .
The elderly has spent many years of their youth on this earth .
Therefore they are in the best position to impart values to their children as they are the wisest person each family .
Furthermore , even if someone is old , they can still provide for the society in terms of decision making .
With the amount of life experiences , they will know the consequences of implementing different kinds of solution .
A very good example is our former prime minister , Mr Lee Kuan Yew .
Despite of his old age , he still contributes to the society by making major decisions for the country .
This shows that an elderly is never a useless person in the society .
On the other hand , they are the ones who can make the wisest decisions .
In addition to the above mentioned factors , the elderly has already contributed many years of their youth to the society .
If not for them , Singapore will never become a developed country .
In conclusion , I do not agree that public spending on the aged should be limited so that money can be divided to other areas of the country 's development .
The elderly can contribute to the society by using their life experiences to make important decision for the country .
This may seem impossible but it can be made possible if each elderly begins imparting these values to their own children .
In due time , Singapore will become the safest county that can make the best decision .
Until recently , there is always much concern about the consequences of over spending on the welfare of the aging population .
Although , the welfare of the senior citizen may be important but it should not be in an extent where the other areas of the country 's development are being hindered .
What is therefore needed is to take a close look at the current situation and evenly distribute the public spending into different areas to ensure that the country is being able to prosper .
If the government does not invest enough on these areas , the country will lose its competitiveness , productive capacity in the economy and decrease in public services which will greatly harm the economy .
Education is a need to educate the future workforce of the economy , and also to create a workforce which is truly competitive and productive .
Japan is a country with little natural resources and yet with a very highly educated population , which resulted them in being one of the most foremost and advanced country in the world .
A population with poor education background will find it hard to compete with other foreign talents with quality education background , thus losing out when it comes to employment and resulting in a huge percentage of the population being unemployed .
Furthermore , foreign investors will not set up factories in countries that are equipped with poorly educated workforce .
Thus the importance of education is equally important .
Singapore is a country who is constantly being the target of the terrorist .
There were several terror attempts on Singapore , but it was foiled mainly due to the contribution from an effective and strong defense system .
For example , New York City was once a major financial center in the world , but after since the September 11th incident , majority of the investors left New York seeking safer alternatives .
This particular incident costs New York billions of dollars and also millions of job lost overnight .
Singapore being a small country and yet having one of the strongest economies in Asia has always been the target its neighboring countries .
Therefore , defense is one of the most important areas which safeguards interest of a country and the allocation of budget on this area should never be overlooked .
Critics often said that the senior citizens were the country 's pioneer and they had been through the process of nation building and it is our responsibility to ensure that the welfare of the aged should never be overlooked .
For the financially strapped elderly , they will receive the necessary subsidies for medical cost , transportation cost from the government .
Therefore , for those who are financially capable will have to rely only on their retirement savings .
Otherwise , it would be a huge drain on the tax payer 's money which will not be utilized to its maximum potential .
Clearly , public spending on the aged is required , but other areas which will affect the development of the country are also equally important , if not to say more important .
With this ever changing and competitive society , Singapore needs to make the necessary investments on other areas to ensure that it remains its foothold in the global economy .
If we do not limit the spending on the aged , Singapore may risk the possibility of losing its current global recognition status that it has always had .
With the current research and development and policies , I agree this has helped to ease the aging process to a large extend .
This has indeed become a global problem with the extensive number of medical research going on and the various policies that are being developed .
Thus in the next few paragraphs , I will explain in depth on the various research and government policies being developed has help to ease the aging process .
An example is that there has been quite a number research on the kind of food which one consumes will help to slow the aging process .
An example of the previous sentence is a research done by Pusan National University in Korea stating that eating kimchi could reduce the risk of heart disease and slows the aging process by reducing the amount of oxygen the body burns ( Hankook Ilbo , 2000 ) .
Another discovery in a research was found in the last few years that drinking red wine in moderation helps to preserve good health and slows the aging process .
This is because of red wine contains a substance known as " resveratol " .
" Resveratrol " is considered to be so effective when it comes to slowing the aging process is due to the amount of [ pic ] antioxidants that are present within it .
It is these free radicals that wreak havoc within our bodies due to the fact they damage cells , which not only causes disease but also aging .
Thus , one can see how extensive these research are being carried out to ease the aging process of mankind .
Secondly , the government has come out with various policies to ease the aging process .
As a Singaporean , we all know of a term called " CPF " .
The government also implemented the " Minimum Sum Policy " to ensure that one have a specific amount in his or her CPF before allowing them to withdraw at the age of 55 .
At the end of April 2007 , 411 companies have already adopted the scheme .
This shows how effective the government pushes the policy .
Therefore , one could hardly see how the policies do not help to ease the aging process .
Controversially , citizens have argued that these policies do not help them in the aging process because it has taken a toll in their gross salary after having money deducted to their " CPF " contributions which makes monthly living allowances even lesser for them .
An example is the raise of the " Minimum Sum " scheme .
This has been proven to be untrue as majority of Singaporeans supports the " CPF " schemes which encourages safer retirement and there are many citizen who even went to sign up more policies from the government on their own accord .
Finally to conclude , due to the fact of a globally aging population , various research and development carried out to slow down the aging process and the policies implemented by the government for late retirement .
It is hard to see how these research and policies does not help to ease the aging process in the modern day context .
In present day Singapore , the number of ageing people continues to rise at an alarming rate due to the high fertility rate in the past .
With the sharp decline of birth rates that we are facing now , majority of Singaporeans will be faced with harder task- in taking care of elderly family members .
" There are three areas that we will discuss that are contributions that elderly have made the different needs and problems of the aged and the responsibility within the children .
In the past , Singapore was an under developed country with swamps and kampongs around the island .
If not for the elderly members of Singapore who contributed in helping to mould Singapore into a highly developed country , today many will not be enjoying the fruits of the labor .
Ageing is viewed as an inevitable phase of life that we are compelled to live .
Despite the challenges surrounding the ageing society , it is still depicted as the best part of our lives - 'the golden years' .
One policy mentioned to deal with the financial challenges of an ageing population is to enforce a compulsory saving scheme for citizen old age .
Alike with many countries around the world , the Singapore government has implemented the Central Provident Fund ( CPF ) whereby a fixed percentage of its citizens ' salaries is set aside to the fund .
However , some may argue that no matter how large the nest-egg one has carefully managed to put by , the sum is not sufficient to cover the rising cost of everyday life and healthcare services .
As a solution , government also invests a considerable amount of resources in health promotion and disease prevention .
It is regrettable that when we think of old age , what automatically come to mind are visions of loneliness and neglect .
These studios are built in such a way that it allows for elderly to be independent .
Some facilities include the construction of lifts at every floor instead of alternate floors and the installment of elder-friendly features such as non-slip tiles and grab bars .
Railing , ramps and passage way access to building are also made available .
With this , elder who have difficulty walking can get help by holding on to railing and at the same time exercise their leg muscles .
Ramps are also built for those wheelchair bound so that they can go in and out of the building without any help .
Children may not find the need to visit as they assume that the elderly have already had proper care .
Another problem faced is the lack of public recognition of life-long and continuing contributions of older people to the human .
Earlier , those who have reached a ripe old age held an enviable place in society , but now they are only seen as senile , frail and useless old people .
This will not only make them feel worthy , the continued employment also enhances their financial security .
The elderly would feel more at east knowing that there are helps provided for them in their twilight years .
Singapore may suffer from long term economic loss while possible government support for the elderly could cost a portion of its Gross Domestic Product ( GDP ) to decline .
To deal with the limitation of public spending for the aged , a budget amount should be set aside to allow enough funds to be used for building and developing infrastructures , creating employment opportunities and improving standard of living to benefit the nation , as well as to increase its economy and its GDP .
Firstly , by having more funds , Singapore can build and develop new infrastructures .
Public transportation systems including light rail system , mass rapid transit system , as well as the current new railway network , Circle line , are well advanced to make the public accessible to any locations in Singapore .
Constructing of overhead bridges and expressways has made the citizens benefit too .
Currently , the government has set aside an amount to build integrated resorts , the casino , and tourism attractions to attract tourists to come to Singapore .
This would enable foreign money to come in and improve the economy .
Having hotels , shopping centers , transportations or other amenities would generate improve economy .
Tourists got to spend their money on accommodation in hotels , shopping and entertainment , food and beverages in restaurants , cultural shows and souvenirs and transportation would generate foreign money .
Employment opportunities would then be created to the local people such as hotel attendants , tour guides are needed .
Thus , these people need to be hired and they can contribute to the society and sustain the economy .
Lastly , the government can use funds to improve standard of living for the citizens such as to build more schools to provide better education , have advanced healthcare technology so that citizens can enjoy the excellent healthcare services , etc. With such rising affluences , people would expect a better quality of life .
Given the current situation , most of the people in Singapore would able to go beyond meeting their basic needs such as food , shelter , water , electric power supply sanitation health care and education .
If there 's an improvement in Singapore 's economy , Citizens would receive high income to have good food , modern housing .
When people have an improved standard of living they will be able to contribute and sustain the economy .
Even though with the help from the government and fund raising campaigns set up by charity organizations , there will be still a sizeable segment of the population the government has to consider to continue to aid the aged .
With the rising cost of basic necessities and medical costs due to inflation in the future , those with no or low income aged group will suffer as these factors will cause the elderly not having enough savings or income to overcome the current economic climate .
Another point is that the elderly in their younger age may have contributed for the society and the economy .
Therefore , the government has to play a part to help the aged if they have any difficulties financially or in any other ways .
In conclusion , an aging population may decline Singapore 's economy .
However , since the elderly in their younger age may have contributed for the society and the economy , we should spend a certain amount of money for their needs if they have problems dealing with money issues .
But , the amount must be balanced and have to take into consideration for other needs such as improving and developing infrastructures , creating employment opportunities and the rising standard of living of the nation .
The extent to which limitations of public spending on the aged has always been a complicated issue in many developed countries .
Over spending may result in a shortage of resources in the development of the nation while under spending may imply a negligence of government towards the aged .
We will discuss on the differences on whether to limit the public spending of the aged .
Upon having better technology and infrastructure developments , the country will be able to attract more Multinational Corporations ( MNCs ) to invest , and thus increasing job opportunities .
For example , Singapore had attracted MNCs such as Las Vegas Sands Corp. and Genting International & Star Cruises to invest in the tourism sector .
Integrated Resorts ( IR ) that are built will generate an approximate of 50,000 to 60,000 additional jobs .
Hence , it can be clearly seen that with limitations to public spending on the aged , the money diverse to other areas can help in boosting the economy condition of the country .
Secondly , there is no transparency in regards to the distribution of public spending .
Since no publications are made known , tax payers may be doubtful about the usage of their payable taxes .
People may make use of charity opportunities to obtain money from public and use for their own personal benefits .
For example in recent news , Ren Ci ex-director had been embroiled in a complicated money scandal .
It was reported that the ex-director was supposed to loan an amount to Mandala Buddhist Cultural Centre but it ended up with his former personal aide .
This incident led to the distrust of public towards charity organizations .
As a consequence , there was a dramatic drop in the Ren Ci donations from 9.3 million to 1.1 million .
Limitations and transparency can be made to gain back the confidence level towards public spending .
Thirdly , another reason to limit the public spending on the aged will be that the aged population today is different from the past .
Many of them are within the top management in the corporate ladders .
They hold high post such as Chief Executive Officer ( CEO ) , Chief Operating Officer etc .
They are capable of taking care of their lives and do not need the government aids .
For this reason that the aged population are able to take care of themselves , public spending can be limited so that it can be invested to other areas for enhanced development .
Finally , without limitations on public spending on the aged , it will lead to an increase in dependency on the public spending by the aged .
Apparently , some aged will try to abuse the public spending policy .
They will have this mindset that since government will be taking care of their lives , why would they need to work .
However , they may be a small minority of aged who are physically unfit to work .
Hence limitations on public spending should be implemented so that only this needy group of the aged will be the only recipients .
In conclusion , with proper limitations on public spending on the aged , the excess money can be made to the development of country thus improving its economy conditions .
Aged population will also be encouraged to take care of themselves instead of over-relying on public spending .
In the modern societies , the aging population is increasing as a truth which can not be denied .
Therefore , the government should consider carefully about the way to treat this special kind of citizens .
From where I stand , I totally agree with this idea .
This essay will give some reasons that support that idea .
To begin with , it can not be denied that the youth is the most important part of the citizens in every country , not the elderly .
The young people are the workers who can develop directly to the country .
The research has shown that before 30 is the best time to learn and work in our lives the young citizens can work better than the elder ones .
Moreover , in my opinion , if a country has few old people , it will not be a matter ; but a country which has few youths it may cause a lot of problems about manpower resources .
However , the opponents of this position argue that the elderly may has a lot of experience , and then they are very important .
Although the aged has experience , that is in the past .
The world is changing every time , so everybody must learn day by day .
The Internet today is the most powerful tool that can bring a lot of information and the youth can use it easily .
It is easily to be seen that if all the other parts of the public facilities are improved strongly , the living standard will increase for all the people in the country , including the elderly .
As far as I concerned , when the living standard is developed , the incomes of the young people will go up so that they can pay more money to help their parents , who are the aged also .
Another argument against X is when the government pays so much on the other areas , there will not any money to help the elderly .
This counter argument is good but it may be not correct because the government pays for the other areas ; they are also the public facilities , so that the elderly can receive those facilities also .
In my mind , the youth has a duty to care for their old parents as well as their parents took care of them when they were young .
Last but not least , when public spending is limited on the aged , the youth must work harder ; therefore the economy will increase .
The reason why I could say that is because the public spending on the aged is limited ; the young people must work harder in order to save more money for the future life in the worst case that no one will pay for them .
This idea can force the youth to try to work in their bests and make many achievements in the younger ages .
On the other hand , a good question comes to mind : if someone can not work in his young age , so that he can not live when he is old if he has no one who care for him personally ?
It is such unclear whether this argument is true or not but I hold the belief that the governments should try their bests to help these kind of people to earn money in priority .
All in all , there are many reasons which support the idea that the spending fee on the aged should be limited .
There are also many benefits that may bring the advantages back to the aged citizens .
Aging , a biological process which every single normal human in this world must experience every day , has become a quite serious problem for some countries in the recent decades .
Japan for instance , with its average age of population at 42 in the year 2009 , is having a quite serious problem with aging population .
What is actually the problem that the aging population brings ?
Basically , with the number of the working population dwindling down and the number of the so called " old aged " rising up , the expense for taking care of the " old " is increasing and the economy is facing a huge threat of collapsing .
This over , however , has been taken too seriously by some countries .
Although this problem is quite serious , over-emphasizing and spending too much in this problem is not a good idea .
I agree that spending for the old age should be limited for the " old " is not the only important part of a country .
There exist many other aspects of a country that needs more funding and , in some cases , spending more in these other aspects can actually help a country 's aging population problem .
The aspect of education in a country is one of those that can indirectly help in easing the aging population problem .
Firstly we have to take a look at the cause of the decrease in the number of working population .
The decrease itself can be caused by 2 different things : low birth rate which means the problem arises because the shortage of youth and low education which means that the problem arises because the shortage of well-educated youths for the workforce .
With the education sector well funded , not only that Singapore can increase the number of workforce by increasing the number of educated youths , Singapore also manage to attract a lot of immigrants from the neighboring countries such as Malaysia , China , India , Vietnam , and Indonesia .
These immigrants and well-educated youth , in the long run , can ease the aging problem by becoming the workforce , increasing the size and moving the wheels of the economy and decreasing the elder dependency to the government .
Another aspect that can help in easing the problem is the industrial development aspect in a country .
On contrast with the earlier education sector which helps in easing the problem by eliminating the cause , an increase in spending in this sector helps by reducing the effects of the old aging population : the collapse of the economy .
The aging population problem can practically stop the turning wheels of economy as the ones who turn the wheel are the industrial and commercial sector of a country which needed youths as workforce .
Their industries , starting from the modern gaming industries such as koei and konami to the more luxurious and " heavy " industries of sport cars such as Mitsubishi are well-known have a wide range of customers around the world .
With the industrial sector well-developed , Japan can still maintain its economy from falling despite of its average population age of 42 and proved that funding the industrial development sector can really help in easing the aging problem by reducing the impact .
Although one can already see from the examples above that spending for the old age should be limited and the fund should be reallocated to other sectors , one might still think that we are in debt to the old age population because of their previous effort and work in the past and that we have to show our gratitude to them by allocating some fund for them , spending too much is still not wise idea .
Taking care of the old age population and spending some for them is indeed the government 's obligation and responsibility but one can already see that there are some alternative and better ways to solve and to take care of this population problem just as shown above .
Spending too much on the old age population will not benefit the country at all as spending too much will only waste the funds and will not bring any development or solution for the problem .
On the contrary , spending in other areas might bring benefits as well as solutions for the problem .
Spending in education will help in developing the country and eliminating one of the causes of the aging population problem while spending in industrial development will help in attracting immigrants and keeping the economy running .
These examples with the fact that spending for the old age population will not bring any benefit have proven that it is better to limit and reallocate the spending for old age .
Just as the aging population is a serious problem , spending for the old age population is also a problem if it is not done properly .
Spending on the old age must be limited and not too many as there are other aspects as shown above that also need to be funded .
On the other hand , spending on the old age should not be too little either as spending too little will cause the population to be upset and therefore decreases the government stability .
The better , however , is spending more on the other aspects rather than spending on the old population .
If one can solve the aging problem and develop the country at the same time by spending more on other sectors in the country just as mentioned above , why would one choose not to and spend more on the old age population ?
Technology acts as an essential role in helping ease the aging process for the elders in mainly three ways .
First of all , technology makes it possible to slow aging speed to some extent .
Newest advanced technology offers new therapies , anti-aging products , and etc. For instance , the Laser ablation of Lipofuscin , a new anti-aging project , aims to tune the use of laser pulses in order to remove lipofuscin from aged cells , to hopefully cure or reduce aging .
Other anti-aging products such as a skin-care cream can contribute in making a part of the consumer 's body stay young .
Now that human can age at a slower speed with the help of technology , people no longer wake up to the horror that the reflection in the mirror looks so old that it does not correspond with the memory .
Secondly , technology increases elder 's capabilities tremendously .
People 's abilities in seeing , hearing , memorizing , etc. decrease drastically when they reach a certain age .
While such inventions allow the elders to live independently , they also lower the chance of feeling old , weak , and incapable of doing things for the elders .
For example , Microsoft introduced new functions in its OS , which can magnify characters , read the screen , voice control , and etc .
The new touchless keyboard from Actbrise even let users to input without the trouble of moving their hands .
( Engadget ) These new tools or functions made it possible for many elders to enjoy the excitement of experiencing advanced technology .
Because elders can " catch up " with many latest inventions , they are less likely to feel abandoned by the progressing society comparing to the older generations .
( Andrews ) Similarly , the quality of artificial organs is improving at an amazing speed , while the need of organ replacement is growing at an even faster rate .
( Cascalho and Platt ) It can be seen that future technology may lead to longer lifespan and better healthcare , as well as possible ways to make an elder 's body literately young and energetic once again .
It is most likely that technology will continue to play an essential role in almost all men 's lives .
From a handsome young lad to a grouchy old man and from a pretty young babe to a naggish old woman , " Aging is a continuous process from birth to death , which encompasses physical , social , psychological , and spiritual changes .
" ( 1 ) During this process , an elderly will experience deteriorate in memory , slower reflexes and mobility and strong desire to have familial supports .
To a great extend medical and technological developments help tackle such changes hence help ease the process of aging .
This change can leads to a lot of complications such as forgetting to take medicine for other illnesses , wandering around the streets because they forget how to get home and unable to remember things they had just did .
With this device , one can set time-based reminder to remind them to perform periodic chores for instance to take their medicine .
In the medical field , there are many ongoing researches to find medical cure to slow down or stop the process of deteriorating memory .
There are various non-profitable organizations all over the world seeking cure for common illness among elderly an example will be for Parkinson Disease there is the Parkinson 's Institute and Clinical Center in America .
There are the obvious changes such as physical appearance and the not so obvious change in term muscular build and structure .
Lastly , the sociological change that elderly experienced is the desire to be closer to their family members .
Working children can also use web camera to keep a lookout for their elderly parents at home and should any mishaps happen they can go to their aid immediately .
Based on the aging statistic conducted by the Administration of Aging , " the older population who aged 65 years old and above in America is numbered to be 37.3 million in 2006 " and it is expected to be rising where there will be " more than twice the number by 2030 .
" As the population aged , there will be a higher probability for elderly to suffer from certain illnesses and disorders that will affect both their physical and mental health .
However , as the technology become more and more advanced , countries will be able to tap into the newer technologies and develop more elderly friendly inventions that eventually ease and slower the aging process .
This help to prevent the elderly from forgetting and doing the same thing/action repetitively in a day .
" This helps elderly to locate their items and ensure that they will not misplace their valuable items .
These illnesses required constant and regular medication and treatment from the doctor to keep it under control .
Thirdly , as we aged , the chance of getting a vision disorder such as cataract will be higher .
However , the critics of this argument feel that the current technology does not help to ease the aging process , but instead , it infringes the privacy of the elderly .
It is true that technological invention tend to infringe the privacy of the elderly , but it still help to ease the aging process as the monitoring of elderly through various electronic ways are done at a good cause .
[ 1 ] As elderly aged , they are bound to suffer from illnesses such as visual and mobility impairment and stroke .
However once the elderly becomes over dependent on technology , they will be at a loss once the device is unable to respond to its correct state .
Elderly can wear this comfortable Hip Protector for the whole day in comfort .
[ 6 ] Lastly with this device , it provides confidence and independent living for the elderly .
Elderly would use the joystick to select their desired food on the food tray .
With these elderly care devices and gadgets , elderly can lead a safe and independent life with minimal help from care givers .
Based on a recent survey conducted on the impact of technology on the elderly , majority of the elderly surveyed believe that advancement in technology " will produce better quality of life for themselves " ( 1 ) .
With such technologies at hand , elderly will be confident to live alone knowing that their safety is well taken care of .
However , military is deemed so essential that it is the " prerequisite " to all areas of development in the country .
In the contemporary society , the elder are well taken care of in many countries .
First of all , there should be a careful consideration about what are the things that governments should pay for .
As for healthcare service , it is not reasonable that the elder can have free or low-priced treatment for all kinds of sickness .
As a result , they can support themselves more effectively not only when they are young , but also during their old ages .
By doing this , more and more useful and efficient tools and machines can be invented which will improve the productivity of every economic activities .
This economic growth is important because it allows the country to have the power to improve its citizen 's quality of life .
Through education , working adults are able to deal with highly complicated equipments that enable them to bring revenue back to the country .
Elderly who wished to continue working are able to do so by attend upgrading courses to facilitate them in finding jobs .
Following which , appropriate amount of help is given equally to them so as to fully utilize the limited resources .
Government should spend much effort to take care of them by providing financial support .
When a country can not even handle its own problem , there is no way it could be given chance to hold world class events such as Olympics which boosts its international reputation and many other areas .
Perhaps on the short term pumping financial resources to areas such as technology and economy may produce expected results .
On the long term , the country will suffer from irreversible losses as progress is made by its people and remaining talents are insufficient to substantiate the growth .
Under this scheme , every workers needs to contribute 6.5 - 9 % ( depending on age group ) of his monthly salary to his personal MediSave account .
However , some people might think that if they suffer from those prolonged diseases , it can quickly drain out their MediSave balance .
To counter this issue , Singapore has come out MediShield .
Therefore , with these medical schemes , the elderly people healthcare can be secured .
However , some children might think that living with their parents is very nuisance because they need a lot of care and attention .
If you think in another way round , the parent 's contribution to children may not be lesser than children 's contribution to parent .
To deal with such challenge , Singapore 's government has implemented many schemes to help the people work longer .
In addition , they could lessen the burden of their children .
When people get older , it is only natural that they are more prone to illness be it mentally or physically .
On top of that , there are elderly who have no children , so if their financial conditions are unstable , they should able to given the necessary funds to make ends meet .
Firstly , as a country usually allocates its budget to various areas , any increase in spending on a particular area will mean lesser spending on other areas .
For example , if a country decides to increase spending on the aged , lesser budget may be allocated for education , research and investment purposes .
Reduced spending on education can mean lesser educators and lowered standards of teaching , reduced spending on research can mean lesser incentives for researchers and for their research works and reduced spending on investments may mean lesser cooperation with international bodies .
Thus , a country 's budget can not be adjusted without much consideration and thought or else it can cause instabilities to the supporting pillars of a country .
Monthly , a percentage of their salary will be deducted and credited into their CPF accounts , employers are also required to credit an additional amount on top of the employee 's contribution .
With proper policies to help citizens save up , countries can not only find no need to increase their budget on the aged , they may also find themselves spending lesser which can also mean that more funds can be allocated to other areas of the country 's development .
For example the CPF scheme in Singapore states that the account holder must have a certain amount of money , which was saved up automatically since the start of his working years , before he can withdraw the entire amount during the maturity age .
If the account holder does not have a stable job , he will find that he has a hard time trying to reach the minimum amount thus also finding him unable to use or even see his own savings physically .
Having the children support their own parents will mean lesser dependency on the government .
In view of the fact of dramatic increase in national budget spent on the aged , some people suppose that government should limit its expenditure on the aged so that money can be diverted to other areas of the country 's development .
One of the primary reasons why government should not set limits on public spending on older people is the aim to create a higher quality of live for almost everyone .
A society is developed or well being only if its citizens satisfy the minimum requirements of health , happiness , safety , prosperity , and fortunes .
And obviously , those of old age should also be provided services such as healthcare , insurance , housing...Thus , there is no reason for government to eliminate its expenditure on this area while many people 's lives can be improved thanks to the support .
Another factor that policy makers should consider before deciding to set boundaries on public spending on the aged is issues related to moral standards that recent years have witnessed their decline in many countries .
Improved healthcare services , subsidies... not only aid the aged in poor financial situations or make their health better but also are the ways people express their respects to the older , which has positive impact on enhancing younger people 's treatment .
Last but not least , most elderly people after all have contributed to the development of country during their young ages through productive services as well as taxes .
Government should not consider the rising expenditure related to programs to support a growing elderly population without mentioning their contribution in the past .
When taking account of all the above factors , I can safely conclude that public spending on the aged should not limited even though the amount of money can be used to invest on some areas like education , infrastructure , development projects .
Through current research and development , some of those problems had been eased significantly , providing a better aging experience .
In this essay , we will discuss how current research and development helped to ease some of the issues raised by immobility , health conditions and resource management that the aged faces .
While individual efforts can be done to prevent falls , many of the aged are not aware of such prevention measures or they are unable to seek help if they fell despite of such efforts .An article published by the American Academy of Family Physicians in April 2000 reported that falls caused 70 percent of accidental deaths in people aged 75 years and above .
Alerts can then be sent to family members who are not at home if the user is not within a designated area or had experience a falling motion .
Heart attacks can be prevented if ACS is recognised but it is not the case unless the patient and the physician are both aware of the syndromes that surfaced .
Arrhythmia , which is the alterations in the heartbeat , has an increase chance to surface in an aged patient who survived a heart attack .
A growing number of families had faced a common problem in elderly care and that is resource management .
Resource management may comprise of physical monitoring and medical records management .
A news article by Telegram & Gazette ( Worcester , MA ) in 2007 had featured a lady who had not been properly taken care of , after the engagement of nursing services .
Research and development in Information Technology had allowed resource management to be simplified .
If research and development were ceased to exist , it would be much tougher to take care of the elderly as the world 's aging population is expected to increase from now till 2050 .
Most developed countries are now confronted with more rapid aging in its population than the past .
As such , many countries that have started research , new development and policies to help to ease the aging process .
I agree to a great extent that these research , new development and policies will help to ease the aging process and also prepare the country with their aging population .
Countries are able to use new policy of encouraging elder employment , increasing the awareness of filial obligation or creating new development of infrastructures caters to the elderly in their country .
Firstly , countries can help to ease the aging process by implementing new policy of encouraging elder employment .
The government can help to achieve this by increasing the retirement age , creating more benefits and lowering barriers to elder employment .
This measure will help to ease the burden of the younger generation , allow the healthy elders to still contribute to the society and at the same time help to generate more wealth for the elder which they can use for themselves .
Although the retirement age is legislated at 60 , the government of Japan encourages the elder to continue to work up the age of 65 .
Although some are prejudiced towards older worker due to their work efficiency and high salary cost , there are more benefits of employing them .
Therefore , implementing new policy of encouraging elder employment will help both economically and socially for countries with aging population .
It is the duty of the younger generations to display more filial piety towards their aged parents as they are the one who took care of us during our growing up days .
A society that the children will take care of their parents will help to ease the government spending on the aging and divert the spending on other areas of the country .
In the Asian 's culture and belief , it is the responsibility of the children to take care of their parents when they are financially stable .
Asia countries such as Japan and South Korea , most of the elderly still live with their adult children and can even help to cook , do house work and take care of the grandchildren .
However , contrary to the beliefs in Asian society , it is view as " not cool " in the western society to be living with your elderly parents when they grow up .
Living with their elder parents will not just limit they social life , but also causes their freedom to be taken away .
So , increasing the awareness of filial obligation will result in more children taking care of their elder parents and help to ease the country aging process .
To prepare the growing demands of an aging population , countries can build special infrastructure , such as hospitals or apartments , cater to the elderly .
This way , specialize and better care can be provided for the elderly .
An example will be Singapore , the government is building new infrastructure to prepare the growing demands of an aging population .
In conclusion , current research , development and policy have help to ease the aging process and prepare a country in facing the demand of an aging population .
By creating policy of encouraging elder employment , the elders in the society will be more independent and able to support themselves .
Increasing the awareness of filial obligation will result in more adult children living and taking care of their elder parents .
Finally , building new development of infrastructure caters to the elders will help a country prepare for the aging population .
So far there are many countries have come up with many strategies to deal with the problem .
The growing aged people has bring with many problems including greater pension pressure , increasing medical expenses , and the heavy burden of nursing care for the elderly and so on .
It also discourages the young people to work hard because they think they can depend on the society when they are old .
We should do the both ways to make deal with aging problem by making aging both more secure for older generations and less burdensome for younger generations .
The policy makers have find out many ways to ease the problem .
For example , government encourage old people continue to work , and government encourage people to save for their old-age , and encourage young people to product more and so on .
In this way , it can reduce the burden of the next generation and reduce the spending of government .
For society , it can support the old people by building charity .
What 's more , it can help to distribute the property and decrease the gap between the rich and the poor .
Thus government should decide on what is essential and should therefore be supported by the public sector , and what should be left to individuals .
Every country has own features .
However , governments ' intervention often meant huge spending on medical resources and infrastructure for the elderly , which created many other economic problems such as hindrance of the nation 's economic progress .
Reducing funding on the elderly meant that the government have more capital to spend on improving their economy .
On the other hand , critics of this notion have argued that with reduced government spending , less educated old folks and those who did not saved enough would be at a severe disadvantage as compared to the rest of the population .
In the end , the main idea is that with more funds from the economic growth , governments can do so much more to help these elderly folks .
Since large amount of money is needed to support an ageing population , governments have to increase their own existing pool of resources to order to generate such amount of capital .
In the end , it is still very taxing on the working population , whom now not only have to support themselves and their children , but also their parents as well .
Hence , governments should encourage their normal working population to take responsibility for taking care of their elder parents , through social awareness campaigns .
Furthermore , new challenges and problems will arise in the future ; hence because of these two reasons , I feel that government should not be too focused on the ageing population issue as there might be other more urgent issues that require their immediate attention in the future .
Instead of priming the spending on the aged as one of the key focus on our annual budgeting regularly , I strongly feel that the Singapore government should remedy its focus and divert its focus to other key areas such as military , urban development and education spending .
The adequate spending on the military aspect not only conveys a strong deterrence message to our potential aggressors , it will also instill confidence into our business partners .
The confidence that Singapore is well protected militarily ensures their continual long term presence and active involvements in shaping the country 's financial establishments .
In addition , plenty more foreign investors may be attracted to this safe haven with the aim of expanding their dynamic business empire .
Evidently , we can see how well it is to diversify our spending , rather than just allocating a lion share to cope with the aging problem solely .
Urban development in the sense of creating a better living environment for our fellow country mates !
Throughout the past two years in the national day rallies , Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong had continually reiterated the need to create a " work-live-play Singapore " .
Basically , the essence of that is to conceptualize a Singapore in which we can work , live and have fun at !
Since the Prime Minister had already envisaged a need to create a better living environment for Singaporeans , so why not we lessen the spending on the aged and invest it on realising this wonderful concept ?
Also , Spending on education should be put on the top of the government 's priorities list !
This is because unlike our neighbouring countries , which has aplenty of natural resources , we have only a form of natural resource , that is our people .
The Investments on our people will ensure the creation of competent personals .
These competent people will not only ensure that we have a competitive edge over our competitors , it will also gives our country a considerable leverage over our neighbouring countries .
Now , we can see in a better light how diverse spending can aide our country .
Although spending on the aged should be limited so that more money can be channelled for the county 's development , we should also make sure that a reasonable portion of annual budget is set aside for them .
As the saying goes , " One must never forget the hands that feed them " , it is indeed this group of people that had fought hard to bring Singapore to its current reputable standing in the world .
Thus , needlessly to say , it is only conscionable to allocate a reasonable sum of money to ensure that their health and well beings are well taken care of .
All in all , as long as we have a definitive balance on the spending on the aged , we can achieve both taking care of them and national development !
As long as their health and well beings are taken care of , our priorities should be channelled to spendings on other more relevant and crucial areas like military , urban development and education purposes .
Resultantly , these does not only aid in the nation 's continual progress , it will also enable us to create a competitive edge over our neighbouring countries and also build a strong presence in the financial sector in this region !
Nowadays , as the world population is gradually aging , the governments start to adopt a new policy on the public spending .
" To some extent , I agree that we agree spend more money on education and environment since investing for country 's development is also a way to invest for the elderly .
First of all , education should take a higher priority than life of the elderly as investing on education is the inevitable preparation for the next generation .
For example , many European countries such as Denmark , Sweden and Cyprus allocate nearly 7 % of their GDP into public investment in education .
As a result , this public investment enhances the country 's intellectual standards of its people , and that leads to an increase in economics as people works more efficiently with knowledge .
Consequently , the government will have more money to provide better services of the elderly care .
After all , not only the young but the old people will also benefit from the investment on education .
Second , government should also divert the money into the environment .
For example , this could help us to preserve many beautiful natural scenes , which attract many people and thus impulse the country 's tourism .
According to a recent study done by the U.S National Institutes of Health ( NIH ) , environmental factors , as well as the genetic , contribute to the longevity and ability of avoiding severe diseases that come along with aging , such as cancer , stroke or high - pressure .
In other words , this means we need a policy so that money can be dispersed appropriately .
Firstly , investment for the old is an issue of morality .
It is much better to have a suitable and balancing money distribution of public investment between elderly care and other aspects .
Due to this situation , many countries have spent huge amount of public spending on the aged in order to ease the various problems that came along with it .
However , I believe that instead of focusing so much on the aging issue , it is sometimes wiser for the government to divert the money to other areas of country 's development which includes education and military .
Adherents who starkly believe that public spending should be focused on the aged often claim that elderly people are not financially protected once they retired from their workplaces .
However , this would be tantamount to saying that government is responsible to " feed " the elderly people in the country once they are unable to get any income .
This could be a huge economic burden for countries like Japan which has one of the highest aged populations in the world .
While in Italy , the government actually spent a staggering 14.2 percent of the whole nation 's GDP on pension system .
Providing a better learning environment for the young generation will yield a better workforce in the future thus bringing more revenue for the government to spend on the elderly people .
Besides that , the burden to take care of the graying generation will also be shared by the children of the elderly people who will be highly educated to find jobs easily to support their families .
Conversely , if the country is not knowledge based , it can hardly make any economic progress due to the lack of understanding of technology development thus leading to shortages in the government 's annual budget for the aged .
One typical example is in Singapore where the government spends 20 percent of the nation 's annual budget on educational system which is also one of the key factors that helps the country to progress swiftly throughout the years .
Another reason why people support the idea of public spending on elderly people is the fact that it 's a natural process for everyone to age .
However , all of them have glossed over the fact that this can only be done when we have ensured security and safety of the whole nation in the first place .
Imaging living in a country like Sri Lanka where people live in fear everyday with its never ending wars between the local army and the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Elam .
It is apparent that we should not compromise on the part of military spending so as to obtain a harmonious and stable society within the country .
Therefore , it is clear that the military development should be ranked with a higher priority as compared to the spending on the aged .
However , this does not mean that we should forgo any spending on the elderly people in the country .
Being the ones who have served the community for so many years , there is definitively a moral obligation for us to provide to our seniors .
All of these are done as a recognition of what they have contributed to the society for so many years .
In conclusion , although it is indeed necessary for the government to take care of the elderly people in the country with its public spending , there are many other areas of development that should be looked into in the first place such as education and military .
Without making these developments , there 's no way we can ensure that the welfare of the graying generations is met .
Based on the results of the 2006 Census of Population of Housing , on 30 June 2008 , the number of people aged 65 years and over in Australia increased by 67,600 people representing a 2.4 % increase .
I feel that military and education should take priority over the needs of the elderly but measures should be put in place so that the elderly can take care of themselves .
One reason that public spending on the aged should be limited is that some of it can be diverted to develop military .
Nowadays , internal or external crimes such as bombing or terrorism can be happened at anytime and anywhere .
According to the World Fact Book 2008 , published by the Central Intelligence Agency , military expenditure from all over the world has increased .
Being a small country with a small population compared to other big countries , Singapore has less manpower .
This is the reason Singapore has great expenditure in military ; Singapore wants to improve its military defense .
Use another country ) That 's why some of the public spending should be diverted to military .
Education itself is one thing that should be prioritized .
By developing the education , it can prepare the younger generation to be more skilled and productive when they 're at the working-age .
Without any good qualified education , one can not work as good as the others who have more knowledge and education ( rephrase ) .
[ 3 ] Manali Oak ( who is he ?
) in his article says " Education is important as it teaches us the right behavior , the good manners thus making us civilized .
" He also says " Education is important because it equips us with all that is needed to make our dreams come true .
Education opens doors of brilliant career opportunities .
" Hence , some of government public spending should be diverted for education to prepare the younger generation for their future life .
Critics of my position say that public spending on the aged should not be limited because we need to take into account what the aged has done .
If the government keeps giving the elderly money without any limitation , there 's a possibility that the elderly stop to work and just keep depending on the money for living ( evidence ? ) .
Thus , public spending on the aged should be maintained in a certain amount to prevent the elderly become less independent .
To sum up , even though the aging issue is quite difficult to handle , but still , public spending for the elderly should have a certain limitation .
Therefore , the elderly will be more encouraged to be independent and self sufficient .
Other than that , some of the public spending should be allocated for education as a purpose to prepare the younger generations and for military to improve the military defense .
( The statistics are provided by The United Nation .
The magnitude of the issue on aging population is comparable with issues such as global warming .
At the same time , problems related to aging population have arisen and more will start to surface as time passed and this has raised concerns of the world .
In order to tackle with the issues that resulted from aging population , many researches and studies have been done and are still on going .
The developments of current researches , especially in the field of science and technology have benefitted the older population greatly as the problems faced by the aging population are alleviated by the research .
Hence , I agree to a large extent that current research and development have helped to ease the aging process by improving the mobility and accessibility of the elderly , health conditions and provides an immediate response for the elderly in times of crisis .
Firstly , science and technology have helped to improve the mobility and accessibility of the elderly through the inventions of various equipments that aid in their movements .
As people aged , their health condition will not be as healthy as before .
For example , their limbs will get weaker , as a result , this will impede their mobility as they are not as agile and strong as before .
Thus , the development of science and technology has come up with improved version of equipment that aid the movements of the elderly .
Also , for most of the time , the elderly need someone to push them around as their limbs are not strong enough to roll the wheels of the wheelchair .
As electric wheelchairs operate using power , thus with a press of button , the elderly can move around on their own easily without relying on others .
Furthermore , now , there are more elegant designs of the wheelchairs .
For example , the wheelchairs are made of lighter yet durable material such as aluminum .
Also , nowadays , the elderly can have their wheelchairs custom-made .
For examples , choosing the kind of colours and designs of the wheelchairs .
Thus , having the elderly to gain greater acceptance in using the wheelchair when they do need one .
Therefore , the development of science and technology has eased the aging process .
In addition , the development in science and technology has helped to improve the health condition of the elderly .
As one aged , their immune and functionality systems will not be as strong as before .
As a result , the elderly are prone to many illness and physical problems , such as hearing , visually impaired and Alzheimer disease .
Research has shown that in Singapore , there are 220,000 people who has cataract aged 65 years and above , making up about 7 % of the population .
By 2030 , it will be about 18 % and this is a consequence of a rapidly ageing population .
However , with the help of science and technology , operations on cataract are made more accessible for the elderly with manageable cost and lower risk involved .
For instance , the use of ultrasound vibration to remove cataracts through a small incision results in less during surgery and faster visual recovery after surgery .
This would result in less toll on the elderly body as the wound is smaller and thus able to heal faster .
Hence , advancement in technology has increased the efficiency of operation , thus , easing the aging process .
Among the different age groups , the elderly population is at the highest risk for adverse events such as falling down at home , due to poor health and chronic conditions .
Even a slight fall might result in a dire consequence on the elderly if they are not treated immediately .
Thus , modern technology has come up with many innovations to meet the needs and to prevent some possible hazards faced by the elderly .
For example , modern technology has invented a alarm system at home which will send signal to the emergency department and their family members when the alarm is triggered by the elderly .
This alarm system is useful and efficient when an elderly meets any mishap at home and no one is around to assist him or her .
As the alarm system is directly connected to the relevant contacts , thus a press of button by the elderly would immediately transmit signal for help .
Critics of opposition argue that what the elderly need most is the mental support provided by their families .
Firstly , with the help of modern technology , the elderly would still be able to be independent as before due to the inventions such as electric wheel which can be easily controlled by themselves .
This would reduce the reliance of the elderly on their families , thus help to relieve the burden on their family members as they do not have to constantly attend to the needs of the elderly .
Although the elderly might be physically weak , he does not have to rely everything on others and still can be independent , continuing leading a normal life as before .
This would indirectly lead to a healthy mindset as the elderly do not feel themselves as a burden to their families .
Also , with the help of modern technology , this would ease the workload of the families in taking care of the elderly .
Therefore , having more time and energy in caring for the emotional needs of the elderly .
In a nutshell , science and technology has eased the aging process to a large extent by improving the mobility and accessibility of the elderly , access to better medical treatment and provides an immediate help for the elderly in times of crisis .
With the help of science and technology the elderly will face fewer difficulties , reduce the reliance on their families or others and have a better time in coping the transitional phase of their lives .
Thus , enjoying their golden age .
Research shows that " [ 1 ] The number of persons above 60 years or over is likely to triple , increasing from 673 million in 2005 to 2 billion by 2050 " .
Everybody will get old eventually and when we grow older , most likely we will suffer from some organ decline or mental decline .
However , as technology advances day by day , it has helped us slow down these aging processes by applying technologies in more creative ways .
" [ 2 ] Visual disorders and diseases increase dramatically as we age " , research shows that " one in six adults age 45 reported some type of vision impairment " .
These vision impairments often cause troubles in people 's daily life .
However , nowadays technology has implemented various innovative solutions that help people solve these problems and many users find them very useful in their lives .
It is so light and handy that users can put it into their pockets and bring it along .
Some other smart products I would like to mention here are the " Tek Partner TV Partner Remote " and " Accenda Voice Activated " .
The former remote controller has larger buttons and the words on it are printed in greater font than usually ones .
The later is more straight forward .
It does n't even require user to press any button .
To activate it , simply give it a voice command .
After using it for a few months , her mum gave really good feedback and found it very useful [ 7 ] .
Hearing loss is probably another common disease which can be found among the elder .
Reasons that lead to hearing loss vary ; it could be " birth-related " , or because of infections , injuries , and being exposed in loud and noisy environment for a long period frequently .
Once an old person catches such diseases , his life would turn out to be very inconvenient .
However , using technologies , engineers create diverse tools which can help the old in their daily life .
One significant problem occurs when they need to make a phone call using telephone .
In fact , some research show that many old people with hearing difficulties do not use phone at all because they are not able to hear the person clearly .
Thus , companies such as " Clarity " implemented the " Ameriphone amplified cordless phone " .
The most importance feature of it is to make " [ 3 ] sounds much louder , clearer and easier to understand .
A bed shaker can be designed to work with telephone , to provide alert when the person is away from it .
It can be placed not only under the pillow , but also under the cushion ; it can even be portable .
Elizabeth A.Smith who is 75-year-old and deaf in one ear said that the " Bed Shaker " had provided a lot convenience to her as she is also a deep sleeper .
A " Doorbell Signaler " uses sound and light system to alert user there is a visitor .
It can be installed in any location in the house so that the old people can easily see .
Other than those technologies used in developing devices to aid old people 's hearing and vision , they can also be applied to prevent senile dementia among the elderly .
One of the most innovative ideas is to create special video games suited for the old people .
As we all know , our brains needs constant trainings to remain active .
A study done by " psychologist and neuroscientist Helena Westerberg " shows that older adults with an average age of 65 are able to " reach the same level of working memory " with the younger adults with an average age of 25 , after they have been through a series of memory training on computer for 5 weeks [ 4 ] , which inspires game-develop companies to design videos games for the elderly .
Millions of people aged over 45 years old believe that taking up braining training through video games are the secret to a happy and healthy old age [ 5 ] .
" In the other words , playing games like Wii regularly is likely to help the elderly retain their abilities to do multitask , exercise their brains and boost their thinking .
Global aging has become a worldwide issue that many developing countries and developed countries are facing , or probably will face in the future .
However , we should always believe that technology will help us in various ways to ease the aging process , just like some of the examples mentioned above and , eventually lighten the burden on the state .
This is phenomenon is most obvious in Japan where 22 percent of its population aged 65 and older .
Aging , hence , has becoming a popular issue that everyone is concerned about today .
Some of the common aging effects include changes in sensory , perceptual , motor performance and in cognitive functioning .
Current state of science and technology are able to diminish aging effect of the aging population and enhance their living so that they can enjoy quality life of their twilight years .
It is nearly undeniable that being healthier and look younger physically is the common shared dream of many elderly .
With the advancement of science and technology nowadays , this dream can be bring much closer to the realities .
Firstly , common aging effect such as wrinkles , hair loss and either overweight or underweight can be countered to a certain level with current state of technology .
This can be done by either plastic surgery , application of biochemical substance , or attempts to manipulate hormone level because hormone level is scientifically tested to have influence towards metabolism level , which in turn influences the effects of aging .
For instance , a new wrinkle reducer named Dysport has been introduced and it works in the same way as Botox to relax the facial muscles that causes wrinkles .
Scientific research can be made to deliver solution as well as discover alternatives to ease aging process .
For example , studies have shown that just as a child 's nutritional requirements differ in quantity and quality from an adult 's , the nutritional needs of the elderly also differ from those younger adults .
Therefore , Dr. Robert M. Russell , a professor of medicine and nutrition at Tufts University in Boston and his colleagues at the Department of Agriculture 's Human Nutrition Research Center on Aging at Tufts , Dr. Alice Lichtenstein and Helen Rasmussen , a registered dietitian , have developed a revised food guide pyramid for Americans over 70 .
If the elderly follow the guide and rules of the new food pyramid , they can get healthier and fewer health problem .
To sum up,being healthier and look younger is important to the elderly because this is how they can live with confidence and satisfaction of life .
Technology can provide a mean for the elderly to have a more enjoyable life .
Their free time can be better spent in a quality and meaningful way .
This is unlike the 1970s when old people normally led a monotonous life like listening to the radio or reading newspaper to kill their free time .
Today , with many technology inventions such as television , gaming consoles , and karaoke becoming widely available , the elderly have a wider range of option for entertainment .
Moreover , they are more willing to spend money on these technology inventions because it is one way to attract their grandson and relatives to visit them and enjoy the fun and entertainment offered by the technology .
Secondly , the elderly can now expand their social networks beyond the neighborhood by means of internet , which is a fruit of technology itself .
They are no more confined to the same area around their house but can actually look out the the outside world .
In America , Statistics has indicated 45 % of the senior citizens age 70-75 are now online , meaning that internet has become a channel for the elderly to connect to the outside world .
In addition , they enjoy mixing with other people especially youngster via virtual communities such as facebook , flikr , and Del.icio.us .
Therefore , their life will not be boring for them because they can learn and know friends on the internet .
The advancement of the technology also enable the elderly to be more independent and able to perform activities that they like .
This is unlike the past when they are consider a burden to the family because considerable amount of effort is need to look after them .
Firstly , with the aid of technology , senior citizens can have more mobility to go wherever they like under a safer condition .
They are no longer confined in the house for their family to ensure their safety , since elder people tend to get more forgetful .
With a handheld device like mobile phone with integrated Global Positioning System ( GPS ) feature , they are less likely to get lost in the cities since they can either refer to the GPS map or simply call their family member for help .
There are cars designed for easy entry for the wheelchair-bound or those with difficulty walking , like Toyota Motor Corp. 's Welcab series .
Secondly , the elderly can look after themselves or even take care of the household chorus .
In Japan , where 22 percent of its population aged 65 and older , businesses there have been rolling out everything from remote-controlled beds to feeding robots , fueling a care-technology market worth $ 1.08 billion in 2006 , according to industry figures .
One of the examples is the " muscle suits " developed by the Tokyo University of Science that keeps the elderly active by providing support for the upper body , arms , and shoulders .
This eliminates the needs for maids or family members to look after the elderly and monitor their every single movement , which in fact spare some dignity for the elderly .
Clearly , aging process can be eased by current research and development .
Aging effect that has been the nightmare to everyone can be diminished by a large margin and quality of the twilight years can be greatly improved in parallel to the level of science and technology .
It is possible that in the future , aging effects can be diminished to so low a level that the elderly enjoy healthy and fulfilling lives into their twilight years , without putting a heavy burden on their children and grandchildren .
Many countries nowadays are facing with the problem of fast aging population .
As a result public spending on the aged will increase and eat into the spending on other areas of country 's development .
However this does not solve the aging issue in the long run , in fact it will hinder the progress of a country .
Therefore either a developed or developing country , public spending on the aged should be limited , and divert to other areas of development that could sustain even in the long run .
The most important area should be education , as education helps the people to get the necessary skills needed to work .
For the example of Singapore at the beginning of the nation building , education was one of the priorities to nation building as it not only increase the skill level of our workforce , it also bring woman into the workforce .
Furthermore education also helps the aged to acquire new skills which enable them to work even at an old age .
Another important area would be environment .
Earth 's average temperature has increase dramatically over the past few years and resulting to an increase in the awareness of global warning around the world .
Building a greener environment became the objective of many countries , so as to protect our mother planet .
In the long run , it will not only benefit the current population but also the future generation .
For the example of Iceland , they have replace its energy sources from coal and oil to geothermal and hydropower for decades .
This has helps to eliminate the amount of greenhouse gases emission and hence reduce air pollution to the environment .
As a result , now their citizens are able to enjoy fresher air which means that they will be healthier at an old age .
Last area that this essay is going to cover is the military development in a country .
With increasing terrorism activities around the globe , the ability to keep the country safe and stable become an important issue .
Conversely , stability & security are in serious jeopardy without economic development .
By achieving security and economic stability , then a country will be able to exist .
For the example of Singapore , we have always believed that National Service is important in keeping our country stability .
As it not only protects our country from external threats , it also brings foreign investment into our country .
Only then will Singapore be the safest place for everyone to live in .
In conclusion , public spending on the aged will only benefits a minor group of people and slows down the country 's progression .
Therefore in order to benefits everyone in the country which also includes the aged , there is a need to diverge the money into other areas of the country 's development .
One report of the United Nation predicts that there will be an increase in the proportion of over 60 years old from 10 per cent in 2000 to 21 per cent in 2050 .
Accompanied by the declines in the proportion of the young , by 2050 , the number of older persons in the world will exceed the number of young for the first time in history [ 1 ] .
This trend towards older population is largely irreversible and is presenting both opportunities and challenges requiring every country to take measures in all facets of life : economic , healthcare and technology .
Fortunately , many advanced policies and technologies are now helping the elderly to not only ease the aging process but also become a useful workforce for society .
The increasing number of older population is having a significant impact on economic growth , investment and consumption .
However , many countries are on the right track of dealing with the problem by some schemes like pension plan or extended retirement age policy .
For example , almost all of old people in Canada are receiving income from Canada 's public pensions : the Canada Pension Plan ( CPP ) and Old Age Security ( OAS ) .
Together , the CPP and OAS provide a modest base upon which Canadians can build their retirement income [ 2 ] .
Another example is the Great Britain 's new strategy , " Building A Society For All Ages " , to help prepare for Britain 's aging population , which will extend the retirement age beyond 65 .
Minister for Pensions and the Ageing Society Angela Eagle said that this new policy will help almost old people to save enough money for their retirement [ 3 ] .
This policy will give the older people a chance to work longer and contribute to the society .
The healthcare systems are now also improving to meet the need of the elderly .
Statistic from The Center for Disease Control ( USA ) shows that : " 88 % of those over 65 years of age have at least one chronic health condition ; nearly 40 % of deaths in America can be attributed to smoking , physical inactivity , poor diet , or alcohol misuse ; and almost 20 % of older Americans suffer from a mental disorder that is NOT part of normal aging .
" [ 4 ] Long-term healthcare has become a vital need for old people .
Many counties are paying more and more attention to the healthcare system as the proportion of the old population increasing .
For example , the United States is considered spending more money on heath care than any other nation in the world , approximately 15.3 % of GDP and expected to reach 19.5 % of GDP by 2017 [ 5 ] .
More research show that about 97 % of older American are benefiting from healthcare system through health insurance like Medicare .
Being covered by healthcare insurance has become critical for old people especially those with disabilities and chronic illness associated with aging .
As becoming older , many people are likely to suffer from some kind of sensory impairment as statistic shown : 28 % of people aged 65 + have difficulties with their eyesight , 55 % of people aged 60 + are deaf or hard of hearing [ 6 ] .
Nowadays , all of these problems can be solved just with some small devices .
For example , a small device called hearing aid is a solution for the hearing loss problem of the elderly .
It is now can be really small that others can hardly know .
Another useful device for the old people suffering vision problem is PocketViewer .
The PocketViewer is a portable solution for older people to read , write and see , it use a miniature video camera transfers and enlarges the text and images from a page to the screen [ 7 ] .
Many others devices are now also helping the elderly to have better lifes .
The consequences of population aging are presenting both opportunities and challenges for all nations .
Many nations are achieving successes to help the elderly not become a burden for the society and moreover , a useful part of it .
There was a quote , " Age is a prison from which we can not escape " , by Morrow Bourne .
Indeed , aging is a natural process that everyone will experience it .
Due to ageing , some of the people may suffer from physical and mental depreciation .
As people are a country 's most precious resource , the governments should help its people when they are suffering from ageing problems .
In recent decades , many countries have invested a certain amount of money in areas such as science and technology in order to develop new products such as an intelligent system , iShoe and big button TV remote controller that would help the elderly .
With the help of technology , scientists have created an intelligent system that helps the elderly to remember everyday tasks .
( 1 ) CITATION AnI091 \ l 1033 ( An Intelligent System Helps Elderly Or Memory-impaired To Remember Everyday Tasks , 2009 ) " Research has shown that aging may affect memory changing the way the brain stores information and by making it harder to recall stored information .
" ( 2 ) CITATION Mem1 \ l 1033 ( Memory Loss With Aging ) Consequently , older people will forget things more easily .
For instance , some of the elderly may be unable to recall some of the daily actions such as taking medicine , bringing cell phone or keys when they are leaving the house .
Due to these problems , a team of researchers have created a system that makes use of sensors to identify human actions and uses mobile devices to remind the elderly to perform daily activities .
( 3 ) CITATION AnI091 \ l 1033 ( An Intelligent System Helps Elderly Or Memory-impaired To Remember Everyday Tasks , 2009 ) As a result , they are able to carry out their everyday tasks as per normal .
One of the graduated students from Harvard-MIT Division of Health Sciences and Technology has developed an iShoe that prevents the elderly from falling .
( 4 ) CITATION DAV08 \ l 1033 ( HO , 2008 ) The iShoe contains a device that measures and records human movements .
In addition , it helps to stimulate the feet and alert elderly when they getting off balance .
Using these data , elderly can look for a doctor for early diagnosis .
Therefore , their balance can be improved and lead a better life .
Tek Partner , who provides technology consultants to clients , has invented a big button TV remote controller to help elderly that have visual problems .
( 5 ) CITATION Agi1 \ l 1033 ( Aging and Technology Research , 2005 ) Research has shown that the older people will experience some common visual problems such as tearing , floaters and glare .
( 6 ) CITATION Agi \ l 1033 ( Aging and Technology Research , 2005 ) Consequently , they are unable to focus and see objects clearly .
With a large size of buttons , older people are able to see and operate the controller without any help from other .
To conclude , science and technology have help in developing products in order to ease the aging process .
iShoe , is another product that is developed using science and technology to prevent elderly from falling .
It helps to monitor human movements and provides a warning if balancing problem is found .
As a result , elderly can improve their balance by approaching the balancing specialist earlier .
Lastly , a big button TV remote controller is created to help seniors that are unable to see certain image clearly .
With the help from the controller , they are able to operate the television , VCD and DVD player independently .
In conclusion , elderly are able to lead a better life with the help form all these products .
For over the past 44 years , Singapore has made drastic changes in the layout of our buildings and many of these commanding buildings symbolize our country 's success .
For instance , the unique " durian " appearance of Esplanade gives our small city a distinct sky-line and becomes one of the main tourist attractions in Singapore .
However , Singapore is facing rapid ageing population with a raise in median age of 20 in 1970 to 37 in 2009 ; there is a need to improvise our buildings architecture with our current technology to ease aging process .
Government spending on investment in architectures for the aged has increased tremendously over the years to build a friendly environment for elderly to accommodate .
A good example is LUP ( Lift Upgrading Program ) , a priority made for elderly ' convenience to ensure that all apartment blocks , which includes the older buildings built before 1990 , can have lift access to all storey by year 2014.In the past , this project is not feasible due to the high costs involved and technology is not realistic .
Nonetheless , with our present advanced architecture technology and economic status , lifestyle for the olds can be improved to a relative large extent .
To ease the aging process , it is of utmost importance to build safety hazards and accident prevention environment for elderly .
In the past , Singapore is young nation with weak economic status , many interior and exterior safety precautions of architectures are being neglected and which eventually resulted in elderly suffers from injuries at home and outdoor .
Falls are highly potential threats to all elderly in group 55-74 years and 58 % of deaths are caused by accidental falls .
Another potential danger is open drains in the walkway that elderly might fall into the drain in one wrong step and injured themselves .
The aged are weak physically and they usually have difficulties in maintaining their balance on both legs , needless to say , these poor architectures designs further escalate the danger .
In recent years , modifications in architectures have been made to ensure elders ' safety .
For instance , government has come up with EUP ( Estate Upgrading Program ) , in conjunction with policy " ageing in place " to revamp the estates with cover drains , non-slip flooring finishing to prevent falls and slips , and corridor railings for aiding supports to elderly .
These enhancements in estate architectures are fully subsided by government to greatly improve the safety hazards for the olds .
It is also an added significant to create a barrier-free environment for the increasing ageing population in Singapore .
With steps and stairs at pathway , elderly who are walking with clutches have difficulties climbing up and down ; therefore , it is even impossible for wheelchair bounded elderly to move out from their house .
To ease aging convenience , obstruction-free walkways are built to connect individual district within the neighborhood .
Accessibility to all facilities in neighborhoods is well taken care with distribution of ramps throughout the vicinity for elderly and wheelchair disabled to move around comfortably as the gradient of ramp is design in such a way that even without the help of second party elderly will also be able to move up and down freely .
At block level , as mention earlier , lifts are improvised to stop at every storey if feasible and additional features such as widening the lift door for wheelchairs and lowering handrail bars for elderly to grip for support are included for elders ' beneficial .
These architecture advancements are frameworks of the 5-years Barrier-Free Accessibility ( BFA ) Upgrading Program which BCA invested $ 40 million Accessibility Fund into this program in year 2007 .
It aimed to transform Singapore into an elderly friendly and barrier-free environment for the olds to live in safety now and in the near future .
Improvements of architecture in external environments are essential to boost physical and mental stimulation in elderly .
Atrophy elders who are prone to illness , needs sensory stimulation and exercises to maximize their mobility .
Study has shown that outdoor parks and regular exercises have therapeutic effects on elderly to improve their health and wellness , increasing their muscle strength and stimulate spiritual developments .
Within housing vicinity , elderly wellness stations and community gardens are built under MUP ( Main Upgrading Program ) to promote healthy living among elderly residents .
There is a wide variety of exercise equipment at the elderly wellness station and pebble walks are also built for the elders ' well-beings .
In consideration that frail elders have brittle bones , more resting area with lower benches are also built to fulfill their needs .
These developments of recreational outdoor facilities are being carried out extensively to create a better living environment internally and externally for the ageing population .
" Old age is n't so bad when you consider the alternative " , said Maurice Chevalier .
Indeed , even though ageing population is critical in Singapore , we are actively implementing various architecture developments and policies in provision to meet the special needs of the aged .
To raise awareness of the importance in " shaping a safe , sustainable and friendly environment " for people of all ages , a BCA Universal Design Award was introduced in year 2007 to promote barrier-free accessibility in our environments .
With these improvements , we are one step closer in building a totally barrier-free healthy environment where the elderly can travel around freely and safely in absolute comforts .
According to U.S. Census Bureau report , the average rate of people turning age 65 in 2000 was 795,000 each month1 .
In 2008 , the figure increased to an average of 870,000 monthly2 .
This rate has increased by 9 % in just a short period of 8 years and is expected to rise at a higher rate as the first group of baby boomers who were born between 1946 to 19663 move into the category of elderly in two years ' time .
As humans age , their five senses deteriorates gradually .
Among the five senses , the most common deteriorations of senses are vision problems and hearing loss .
Hence , recent technological inventions such as assistive technologies for sight or hearing can in fact ease the elderly in the aging process , making their aging symptoms more manageable .
Vision problems such as presbyopia ( a condition whereby the ability to focus and see objects that are near is impaired ) 4 , and cataracts ( a condition whereby the vision is affected by clouding of the lens in the eyes ) 5 are common in aging people .
First , the development of lens optics improved greatly after the first wearable glasses were introduced by Salvino D'Armate in 12846 .
The improvement in lens development has allowed presbyopia , as well as myopia ( near-sightedness ) and hyperopia ( far- sightedness ) , to be corrected using spectacles equipped with convex lens which in turn assists the elderly to see better while reading or doing tasks which required close eye focus .
For elderlies with both presbyopia and myopia or both presbyopia and hyperopia , recent improvements in lens optics has created bifocals lens ( convex and concave lens combined into a single lens ) to allow the elderly to have both their presbyopia and myopia or both their presbyopia and hyperopia to be corrected .
Second , with vision- assisting technology such as PocketViewer , the elderly can capture an image of any item or text they wish to magnify7 .
Lastly , for elderlies who have serious vision problems like near-blindness or blindness , there are softwares like Talking Cellphone Accessibility 2 to assist in the usage of mobile phones through voice-activated commands which would allow even people who are completely blind to use a mobile phone with ease8 .
Hence , the above-mentioned vision sight assistive or replacement technologies helps the elderly to be able to see better or do simple tasks without the need for sight .
Hearing loss related to aging is nerve- related which causes damage to the inner ear .
Without being able to hear clearly , the elderly can not hear emergency horns when they are crossing the road or can not enjoy simple pleasures like watching the television .
Moreover , it would become difficult , if not impossible , for them to communicate with loved ones .
However , hearing loss of such can be treated using hearing aids which are readily available in the market .
There are many kinds of hearing aids such as behind-the-ear or the in-ear type or the bigger models such as walkman look-a-likes which are hung around the waist .
As technologies advance , hearing aids nowadays are so small that it can be hidden in the ear canal , thus elderly people can choose to use an inside ear canal type if they feel awkward or want to receive less stares from other people .
For example , Sonic Listener is a type of wired amplifier that is to be hung around the waist with the ear phone connected directly to the amplifier9 .
Also , if wireless is preferred , there is also the TV headset which can also be used as a hearing aid10 .
Moreover , there are also other devices that do not amplify sounds but rather they make use of other senses such as touch and sight .
One such example is the Bed Shaker , which vibrates when the phone rings or when the alarm sounds , that can be used under the pillow when sleeping to alert the elderly11 .
Another example is the Doorbell Signaler which flashes light from the device when the doorbell is pressed to alert elderly at home12 .
Thus , even with increasing hearing problems , the elderly can still make use of the available hearing assistive technology to help them in their daily tasks .
There are also times when technologies cause more troubles for the elderly .
However , self-service kiosks are set up at every floor to facilitate borrowing of books and to the elderly who were born during times without such devices , it would be very difficult for them to learn how to use the devices without help from others .
In addition , working elderlies are also more susceptible to being dismissed , if they are still working , due to the reason that with the invention of many different types of machines that can do menial jobs like cleaning automatically , they are no longer required in the workforce .
One such example is the Eurolab Auto Vacuum Intelligent Cleaner which has wall sensors and can be remote-controlled from a distance13 .
Employers may be tempted to replace the elderly floor cleaner who may have become slower in cleaning due to a weakened aging body .
Therefore , with the advancing technologies , it does not mean that every product that was invented would help the elderly to ease into the aging process .
In all , with the help of advancing technologies , the elderly can counter their shortfalls in sight and hearing loss and thus still live independently without much intervention from family members or others , especially when there is nobody at home .
This would thus make the elderly feel less depressed and frustrated due to the effects of aging like being unable to see or hear clearly .
With the advancement of technology in Information Technology , many devices have been developed to help the aged , especially those with healthcare problems and are home-bound or have difficulties moving about , to cope with their lives .
Hence , I agreed with the statement to a large extent .
Developments in Information Technology help to monitor the health conditions of the aged without having the trouble to leave their homes .
For instance , in Visiting Nurse Services of the Northwest , a homecare organization in Spain , there are home monitoring programs that allows patients to monitor their vital signs and these data are sent back to the nursing home over phone line or satellite for the nurse working in the homecare organization to review the information and to call the patient to tell them about their conditions .
Monitoring programs that make use of technology like the one used by Visiting Nurse Services of the Northwest ease the burden of having to go to a clinic and also saves the trouble for the aged to go through the procedure for medication examination .
In addition , in the US , there is a computer program , The Technology Coach , that helps the aged to simplify on the complex procedure on how to take their vital signs such as taking measurement of the glucose level on a step-by-step basis .
The Technology Coach can even identify the error that they have done during the procedure and notify them on their mistake .
Besides monitoring programs , there are also devices that helped the aged to remember things easily as memory deteriorates with old age .
This is a computer program that reminds the elderly the time and also the type of medicine to take .
If the aged has taken the medication , it will be shown visually on the computer screen that the medication the elderly had used and also the number of time it is used on the memory mirror , where the data will be recorded in the history logbook on the computer .
This is a very useful tool for aged whose memory is confused because of old age .
With computer and the Internet readily available anywhere , the elderly can communicate with their families at anytime and anywhere at the comforts of their homes .
The aged who have their family members worked overseas can communicate to them visually using web camera .
There is also the Internet chatting system like Windows Live Messenger that allows them to communicate with their families and friends at anytime .
There is also " video chats " , " forums " and " weblogs " to allow them to talk to make friends with other aging people and also able to express and voice their opinions anywhere anytime .
The Internet also allows the aged to surf the Internet , obtain and learn the information available at their preferred pace .
Thus , with Information Technology the aged no longer be lonely even when they are homebound .
According to an interview with Leonid A. Gavrilov , Ph.D for the Journal of Anti-Aging Medicine ( 2002 , p257 ) , the aging process is defined as " any process , which contributes to age-related decline in performance , productivity and health " .
Over the years , research and development specifically in the field of technology has made significant contribution to address this process of increased inconvenience .
Although critics of this position point out that technology is still short of significantly slowing aging , current research and development has to a large extend ease this process and make life easier through the introduction of technological inventions .
While an older person might have " experience some difficulty with short-term ( working ) memory " as cited by James Pirkly , Trangenerational Design Matters ( 2004 ) , " long-term memory generally remains sound .
" Also , although technology itself is complex in nature , there are technological inventions tailored for the older people and we will take a look at two of these technology .
Firstly , the current technology of mobile phone and personal device assistance ( PDA ) has in a lot of aspect contribute in addressing issues arising from health and decrease performance in terms of mobility .
This ensures that the elderly are attended to when they are alone at home and suffers a fall or have any other injuries that need attention .
Secondly , the technological invention of Med-eMonitor , a device that helps the old to differentiate the various prescription drugs and when exactly to take it .
The 2 technology that are mentioned in this essay are amongst many that facilitate the old in handling age-related decline in health , performance and productivity .
Aging issue has been a very serious problem that most of the countries , especially developed countries , are facing now .
It is expect that in future , this issue will be more severe .
To minimize the impact of it , a few suggestion has been proposed , which are increasing money spend on elderly ; cut benefits ; or cut other government spending .
From these solutions proposed , it is very obvious that money spend on elderly currently is predicted not sufficient to cover their need anymore .
By limiting the money spend on this group of people , it means that lesser amount of money will be used to share among them , whom depends on the public spending to live .
This shows that the suggestion is not going to work as it will cause living problem for the elderly that depends on public spending and at the same time does not help to solve aging issues .
Besides , there is other option available other than cutting the spending on the elderly in order to have more money for other development .
They think that this will become a financial burden for the young generation and working adults , whom will be contributing to the public spending .
It is normal that tax-payers are very concern on how policy makers make decision on how spend their hard-earn money , whether the policy maker are making full use of it or not .
Hence , more and more people are suggesting diverting the money to other areas of development , which they think is beneficial to them as compare to spending on the aged .
But , this is definitely not a good suggestion because I believe that government should always put their people as the first priority when making decision .
If they were to ignore the needs of the elderly and focus on the development , it will obviously bring more social problem to the society .
They are usually had low income level or below poverty level .
I believe this is one of the reason why most elderly refused to see a doctor and accept medical treatment when they are ill because they think that it is a waste of money .
Without the help from public spending , they might face financial problem in order to maintain their living and health condition .
Illness and various diseases are always seems to attack the aging people as this group of people are weaker compares to other age group .
Other than cutting the spending on elderly , there is other ways divert more money for other development plan .
As for United States government , they divide the spending to five sectors , which are pensions , health , education , welfare and defense .
Due to falling birthrate , I believe it is possible to reduce public spending on education .
Low birthrate means that there are lesser students in future , and also , parents to kids ' ratio will higher , these two factors will be two very good reasons to cut down spending on the education sector .
From the all the reasons mention above , it is very clear that cutting down public spending for the old age is not a good choice in order to divert the money for the areas of development .
In order to have more money for other areas of development , one of the ways is to reduce other sectors of public spending , education , for example .
So , the suggestion to cut down spending for the old age people is not a good solution to use the money for other areas development .
Global aging is also known as demographic aging and population aging , have become a typical issue in these days .
The statement by Japan stated that which the medium age of the country reached 54 years and Germany that projected to reach 53 years .
The economy growth of the country will be affected when there are less people who manage to contribute to the country .
Firstly , elderly are encouraged to work for longer period .
Social policies , practices and attitudes discourage working at an older age because the retirement for elderly will be costly for firms .
By having less restriction from the company , the elder will also easily been suit to the job scope .
The " age-friendly " policy by setting wages and employment practice has adapted to ensure the employers have strong incentives to hire and retain old workers .
Moreover , amount of government incentive , for example Central Providence Fund Board ( CPF ) in Singapore will be enough for them to live independently after the retirement if they longer their working life .
By having the policy above , older workers have become people who contribute to the society besides a burden of country .
The Government raising more productive children so that the spread of burden over a larger scope of youngster .
On the other hand , the government has begun to provide subsidy of $ 100 for employed mother when their 3th preschool children placed in approved full day child care centers .
The " three , if you can afford it " policy above have increase the total population of Singapore citizen and let the population of the country become younger .
On the other hand , in eastern country the grown children , who started working in the society have to take care of their parents .
Most of them have a mindset that it is a must to give back the things that their parents sacrifice for them .
The circumstances above cause the long-term care costs provided by the western government increase sharply , to overcome this situation the western country such as the United States have to learn from Asian countries like Japan and China where still carry on this 'moral responsibility ' and most of the elderly people still staying with their grown children .
In long term stagnation , the increase of aging population had lower down the Gross Domestic Product ( GDP ) of the country .
The government has to take this issue seriously before it affects the economy growth of the country .
Before the leaders taking effective action , the ideology and engage of the practical realities have to be risen .
They must realize by lessen the impoverishment future generation and limit future public spending from expansion of retirement benefits .
For instance , The United State of America created a status of attitudes toward the elderly- Aging Population : Opposing Viewpoints to improve the treatment of demographic aging .
The government has to concern about this issue , so the further impact would not happen in the future .
The aging population in Singapore is aging rapidly .
According to a report on aging population by Committee on Ageing Issues said that the number of residents aged 65 years or older will increased from 300,000 to 900,000 by year 2030 .
( Balaji , 1999 ) It is expected for the aging population to continue increasing for the next few years .
Since after the government introduced a campaign " Stop at 2 " to control the high birth rate , it was too successful that the population had been decreasing due to the overwhelming of positive responses by the citizens , thus causing more and more elderly living in this society .
Thus , I agree to a large extend that the " policies have helped to ease the aging process .
Different types of policies had been introduced to improve the welfare of the elderly so that they are able to benefit from it .
One of the policies that had been introduced is the housing policy such as lift upgrading , elderly fitness corner and studio apartments .
Firstly , the government had implemented the lift upgrading program to build new lifts in the housing blocks which have direct access to every floor to cater to the elderly residents who have painful legs and wheelchair bound .
According to Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong said that the old lifts had been replaced with the new lifts which initially only stops at every third or fourth floor .
( Lee , 2009 ) With the newly upgraded lifts , it provides more convenience to the elderly residents where they do not have to take the stairs .
Secondly , elderly fitness corner is build to cater to the elderly to exercise more in order to lead a healthy lifestyle .
They are strongly encouraged to use the facilities at the fitness corner to do a light workout to improve their health conditions .
Having regular exercises helps to prevent any chronic diseases such as high blood pressure and heart disease from attacking the elderly .
( Chronic Disease Prevention and Health Promotion , 2009 ) Besides exercising , the elderly are also able to interact with their neighbors thus widening up their social network .
Through a healthy and active lifestyle that the elderly adopt , they are able to live longer and stay free from illness .
( Balaji , 1999 ) With that , they are able to return back to work and continue to contribute to the society .
Thus , not only the elderly are benefited from it , the country 's economic growth may also benefit since they have valuable experiences in the industry .
Thirdly , studio apartments are being built to meet the elderly resident needs .
These apartments are customized with safety features such as non-slip titles which prevent them from falling , level flooring which makes the floor even to accommodate elderly who are wheelchair bound and support hand bars for them to hold on to .
( Housing & Development Board , 2007 ) Therefore , the elderly are able to enjoy the benefits that are given to them .
If the society is well-prepared , the younger generation does not have to worry about their own welfare when they turned old .
Besides that , not all children have the ability to support their parents as they might be facing financial problems and hence unable to take good care of them .
Therefore the elderly need the government helps to meet their physical needs .
In conclusion , it is important for the society to be well-prepared for the aging process so that they are able to tackle the issues of aging population that the country will encountered in the future .
Most importantly , by implementing the different types of policies , it had indeed helped the elderly to meet their needs and are able to engage them in a socially and active lifestyle .
Indeed , the aged ones were once the main human resource that have done great contribution to the development of the country and , thus , deserve the welfare of getting public spending , as a token of gratitude .
For example , according to the Singapore budget report 2009 , the payout for the Senior Citizen Bonus is at least SD $ 73400000.00 for that year .
This figure has not yet included the other programme that is proposed for the senior citizens .
As the source of money for the government is mainly the tax payers , this figure infers a burden to these contributing citizens .
If this trend does not change for the next few years , the average citizens would have to pay more , in order to enable the government to use the money for the aged ones .
In other words , the incomes that they earned would be constantly reduced , more or less .
This may grow the feeling of indignation in the tax-payers towards the ruling government - which is not an advantageous condition for the further growth of the country .
Moreover , the over-emphasis in aiding the elders for their sunset years may cause the insufficiency of financial resource in the other part of the country .
As all areas in a country is equivalently important , no matter in terms of the development of the country or the happiness index of people , or even for a higher living standard of life .
If the situation persists for a long term , it will do harm to the nation and may shaken the public trust in the government .
A well-developed country may indirectly even lose competency with the other countries , especially in these few industries , for instance , agriculture , small middle enterprise and so on , that depend on the government funding in many portions .
For those developing countries , this will render the effort of the government and the private sectors in the growth of the nation .
When the government take a great share of the duty to care for the elders , most of their adult children tend to shift their own filial piety .
These adults usually see their parents as a burden , feeling no gratitude to their foster , their teachings , their contribution and , last , but not least , their needs and feelings .
As the government introduces programme for eldercare , they will happily leave the problem to the government .
The government has proposed bonus and allowance for the parents annually - some of the programmes even distribute the aid monthly !
Hence , the public funding may indirectly relate with the rising case of abandoned parents at the old folks ' home - for those parents , all the funding seems to have lost its values , if they have lost their connection with their beloved family for it .
In fact , the public funding for the welfare of the aged ones is still needed in some way , but not so crucial until it should comprise such a huge section of the government spending .
Besides that , most of the elders do have their own savings or investment that they accumulate since they were young .
Anyway , in the case of the three " -less " - homeless , childless and jobless , indeed they should savour the benefit from the eldercare programme by the government .
For instance , Singapore is said to be the third-fastest ageing nation with a doubled proportion of people aged above 65 in 2020 .
( Lee , 2008 ) Aging often becomes terrible as the elderly are drained from high medical and healthcare fee .
Certain fields ' pension could be limited , such as the ones ' who are financially independent after retirement .
On the other hand , there are other crucial areas where governments need to give strong financial supports , such as education and economy .
Secondly , in terms of subsidy and medical insurance , the government often fails to differtiate the levels of need among different groups of people .
For example , people who have chronic disease should receive more subsidy and better medical insurance .
For those who work in high polluted industry , they should also be specially considered .
Therefore , the government 's financial support should depend on people 's financial state and healthy state .
What is more urgent and practical comparing to purely spending more money on the aged is to restructure the pension , subsidy and medical insurance systems to ensure the limited government 's money can effectively help the aged .
It is widely believed that the most important treasure of a country in 21st century is talents .
It is a time when Chinese government paid huge sum of money to create good investing environment and financially support local entrepreneurs .
Without this , China could not possible to achieve what it has today .
In return , developing these crucial areas would benefit the as well .
Recently , the aging population has caused lots of social and economic problems , which draws the attention of more and more governments .
However , what most governments do is just to increase public spending on aged people , which is not enough to tackle the issue and even decreases the country 's development .
With a large population living in poverty , its government spent quite large amounts of money on the needy .
Secondly , it is not necessary for governments to spend too much money on the elder to resolve the problem of aging population .
And this method proves to be very effective .
With enough money saved or invested during the years of work , elder people become less dependent on financial aids from governments .
Instead of increasing spending on the old , the problem can also be tackled by encouraging elder people to lead longer working lives .
What is the most important is that longer working lives give elder people opportunities to accumulate wealth for later lives , making them less vulnerable to the changes of outer aids .
This will truly benefit the elder people who are completely dependent on pensions from governments .
Some people may have doubts about the productivity of elder people and argue that it is elder people 's right to lead later lives of ease .
However , that is not true .
Most people retired from work today are still energetic and in quite good health .
So there is no doubt that elder people are able to lead longer working lives .
On the other hand , since elder people are mostly more experienced and patient , there truly exist some certain jobs more suitable for them .
In that case , elder people are even more productive than younger workers .
Through the methods of requiring people to provide in advance and encouraging longer working lives , more money can be diverted to other areas to promote the economic development .
In order to let the aged enjoy a relatively good life , the governments grant pension and other benefits for the old .
Without a doubt , this will leave a heavy burden on the growth of the economics with the rapidly growing aging population .
Money should be transferred to some more important areas .
When the limited money is made the most of , the aged can benefit from the various prospering departments all over the country , even maintain a self-sufficient life without the financial aid from the government .
Nowadays investment companies or insurance companies provide a variety of investment plans which can satisfy the needs for most people .
For example , in Singapore , people begin to save a certain percent of his salary into his bank account , in order to pay the housing loan , car loan or for advanced age .
Thirdly , government can provide some work especially for the old unemployed people .
For example , some big supermarkets can employ the old to put the good messed up by the shoppers back to their place .
I agree with the question that " Public spending on the aged should be limited so that money can be diverted to other areas of the country 's development " .
The greying population are expected to double by the year 2030 , " one in five Singaporeans will be over 65 , up from 1 in 12 today " ( Ministry of Community , Development , Youth and Sports ' latest report on the ageing population ) .Therefore the amount of public spending required are also expected to rise proportionately .
The Government should limit public spending so as to prevent over reliance of the elderly on them which is in turn cause an even bigger strain on the shrinking work force .
Therefore , the Government should focus on increasing productivity of future workers and making the citizens more independent rather than how much we should expand the budget .
Some of the ways to do so is to make saving compelled by law , encourage elderly to come back to workforce , improvement in healthcare aspects .
In order to cultivate the sense of self reliant , the Government should make a compulsory law for the working adults to save into a special account with their monthly pay .
One of such example is the Central Provident Fund ( CPF ) scheme used in Singapore over 5 decades .
This would ensure that each citizen would have some amount of money to fall back on when they retire and would in turn lessen the needs for subsidise or help from the government .
Since the human 's life expectancy has generally increased over the decades , it is essential that elderly could work and earn more income for their retirement while it is possible .
Therefore the retirement age should be pushed back and elderly should be encouraged to upgrade their skills and continue working as they are a country 's invaluable resources with many experience .
The cost of healthcare is on the rise , one of the challenges of the Government is to try to make healthcare services more affordable .
Healthcare service is very essential to the elderly as they are more prone to illnesses therefore by lowering the cost of healthcare , elderly can have more money to use in other areas of retirement .
Getting more elderly to get free health screening can ensure health problems to be treated at an early stage thus reducing cost of expensive treatments when symptoms turn serious .
The citizens should also be encouraged to have a healthy lifestyle to prevent any possible illness to ensure a smooth retirement with more money spent on other areas other than healthcare .
The human 's life expectancy has increased over the years with the advanced technology and different living environment ; more adults are better educated and well off than before , this have changed our perception towards what is healthy and what is ageing .
Despite all these improvement , it does not mean that every single one of the elderly in the country would be covered and well taken care of .
There will still be a group of vulnerable elderly like the older single elderly as mentioned by Robert B. Friedland and Laura Summer ( Doomsday predictions about Population Ageing Are Exaggerated ) .
This means that lower educated people will be more likely to be needy of the public spending funds .
But all in all , the advantage of limiting of the public spending overall outweighs the disadvantage as the needy group of people would be minimised .
In conclusion , I agreed that public spending should be limited as citizens should not be over reliant on their Government and the focus to solve such problems should be to increase workforce and also make use of more money on lowering healthcare costs or in other areas of the country 's development .
Nations in Asia are suffering from the problem of an aging population , with the increasing problem , the government has no choice but to spend a large sum of money to help and allow the process of aging in the society to be easy and convenient .
Reasons for the government to increase their spending on the elders include , the importance of an elder in a family setting is important and we should all respect them in all aspect .
Elders in countries have given most of their life in their homeland and as a result become a significant part of development of their nation .
Lastly , the potential contributions of an elder would be valuable for the current generation .
Given the fact that they have been with us , living with us and their presence brought joy into the different household , the support they give us the advice they always share with us , lies far more than just a duty to them , rather it is love and appreciation for taking care of them .
If the government are paying more attention to them , then the chances of the individual families to pay attention to their elders would them increase .
Secondly , not forgetting that our elders have given most of their life in their homeland and contributed to the society as much as they could while they were younger .
Taking Singapore as an example , just after the World War II season , people have started to work hard for their future and us being as the following generations simply just enjoy the fruits of their labor .
If we just neglect them , there are many other complications that might lead to facts that , seems that the aged are really of no use .
Japan has increasing crime rates and from what they see is that , a lot of them are the aged , and why is that so .
" Shibata , whose task force has questioned 220 elderly people arrested mostly on charges of theft .
" Stated that " When people feel lonely , there is an impulse to commit a crime so they will somehow connect with someone " Blaine Harden , Washington Post Foreign Service , Sunday , November 30 , 2008 ; A15 .
It was also noticed that the crimes that they commit are non-violent , but small and minor theft .
With that to show that the elderly really need that attention and that help from the government , all the more we can not forget them and leave them aside but help them in the process of growing old .
Lastly , the potential contribution of an elder would definitely be valuable for the current generation because of the knowledge and experience that they have , that would bring many great lessons to the younger generation , making use of this important factor would allow the younger generation to appreciate them so much more .
An elder is a valuable asset if we know how to make use of their strengths and not focus on their weakness .
As they grow older , we must not leave them alone instead help them get through with just a little guidance to bring them alongside the society to help , there is much that an elder would be able to give their advice on .
In conclusion , elders have so much that we can learn from and they are indeed a precious human resource in a country , instead of looking at them in a negative light and saying that they are of no use , instead let 's make use of their strength in terms of experience and knowledge to help the younger generation and advice them more .
Therefore government should all the more try their best to support them not financially , that also includes , in all aspect of their life , emotionally , physically and mentally .
Research shows that " Of people aged 70 years , 8.6 % report problems with both hearing and seeing " .
Elderly who suffer from vision and hearing loss will find difficulties in making a phone call , listening to voice mail , and using text messages with cell phone .
The Shake-Up Alarm contains of two parts : smoke detector and signaller .
When smoke is being detected , the smoke detector will transmit signals to two receivers which are a bed vibrator and a strobe light .
The second receiver , which is a strobe light , will flashes 60 times per minute .
In conclusion , every people will face the aging process and as a result , various diseases such as vision and hearing loss , smell problems , and memory loss are likely to attack as they age .
" ( Andrew K. Rose , UC Berkeley and NBER ) As the productivity of the world has increased greatly compared to decades ago , an ageing society has come to being .
This essay is going to elaborate the effects that science discoveries , technological inventions and social policies have on easing the aging process .
Firstly , new science researches and discoveries are regularly annouced and the eldly can follow the suggestions given by the researches .
" Strength training stimulates the growth or muscles and people feel more energetic ; also , the eldly with strong muscles are less likely to fall and suffer bad consequences .
In fact , we keep hearing health tips from the news broadcast or RSS feeds such as healthy recipes , aerobic exercise and Yoga .
These are the practical summaries of the science researches and discoveries .
Secondly , uesful technological inventions have also convenienced the eldly a lot .
It is not unsual that the eldly has problems with their body like loss of senses .
Technologies like Hearing Aid may be old news to us ; however , a new inventiotn enables the blind to see .
( 'Electric lollipop ' giving sight to blind , 2009 ) " They can not necessarily read a book but they can read a sign " , said by the development company .
The blind are able to gain rough perception of their surroundings with the " eye " and get independent from their families ' care .
Thirdly , social policies like CPF ( Central Provident Fund ) have helped alleviate the financial support of the eldly .
CPF is a policy to make people save a portion of their salaries while they are economically active .
With CPF , the eldly have money for life after retirement without extra financial help from the government , thus the implementation of CPF alleviate the government 's financial problem , and it is also favored by the rest of the society since they do not have to pay for the expenditures of the eldly after retirement .
Critics of science , technologies and social policies ' alleviation on aging population argue that the eldly could live a satisfatory life in terms of material ; however , it is hard for them to be happy since the society does not favor old people who do not fit its fast pace .
It is because there are communities which welcome the retirees who are healthy , independent and rich in time , and they are becoming more popular and " recruited " by the communities since traditionally , women have provided much of the voluntary work but now more of them have joined the work force .
Rose. , UC Berkeley and NBER ) Retirees in this way have much more chances to communicate and probably they would not feel lonely .
In conclusion , science discovries ease the aging process by educating the eldly what is healthy ; technological inventions do this in ways to heal the sick , injured and even disabled ; finally , social policies help the eldly in finance to secure their peaceful eldly life .
These diseases often decrease the quality of life of the elderly because they cause the elderly to lose their ability to live the normal life they used to live .
This fact is quite worrying since fingers are the most frequently used part of human 's hands .
[ 6 ] Heart disease makes up more than 30 % of the death of American adults aged 65 and above caused by chronic disease , making it the disease which kills most elderly .
In the past , these dead cells caused by heart attack could not be replaced .
But today , thanks to a new heart attack treatment called " Heart Myoblast Cell Injection " , heart attack victims can get their healthy heart muscle cells back .
[ 7 ] In this new treatment method , myoblast cells are extracted from the heart attack patient 's own thigh muscles .
Research showed that new tissue formation and improvement in the heart function of the patients were found after this treatment .
The lead researcher of this treatment at the Arizona Heart Institute , Nabil Dib , says , " Through this heart attack treatment we can regenerate a scar tissue caused by a heart attack , which is the opposite of what we learnt in medical school .
[ 8 ] While heart disease is still the leading cause of death in elderly , cancer comes in the second place .
[ 9 ] In the United States , Lung cancer kills the most people among the other cancers .
The traditional method to cure lung cancer on a patient is by surgery or radiotherapy which is given five days a week for six to seven weeks .
Another advantage of SBRT is it can double the survival rates of early stages patients .
The survival rates of SBRT are as high as surgery method , which some patients can not have because of their conditions or refuse to have .
[ 12 ] Colorectal cancer is the second in cancer-related killer in the United States after lung cancer .
Most of colorectal cancer patients are elderly because the possibility of having colorectal cancer increases with age .
Nevertheless , some scientists from United Kingdom have found a vaccine called TroVax which is able to cure kidney and bowel cancer .
The research on the vaccine showed that " [ 13 ] One patient who was given the vaccine has seen his tumour gone totally for more than six months .
Unlike chemotherapy which can cause depression of body immune system because it kills not only bad cancer cells but also good cells which contribute to body 's immunity , vaccine works in a totally different way .
Vaccine improves the body 's immune system to fight a particular disease which is colorectal cancer in this case .
These inventions help the elderly to live healthier life .
By living a healthier life , the elderly people can live their days more normally and hence help them to ease the aging process .
First of all , layout of the home is extremely important for old people to manage their living at home .
Firstly , by making sure that the house has single level living , no steps in main entries , no obstruction in the hall way and bedrooms open to the sitting room can reduce the accidents at home for the elderly .
It finds that 71 home accidents are reported by 607 elder people in four weeks and 70 % of the accidents are falls .
And psychologist from university of taxes indicates that being positive delays aging .
Equally important , lighting is another concern about the elder 's health , especially the eyes .
Such as room lighting with controlling senses is also necessary to increase the illumination for eye protection , and glare should be avoided by choosing the material of the wall , ceiling and mirror to fight against cataracts .
On the other hand , getting enough exposure to daylight can fight against osteoporosis and insomnia .
And a study by Gloth ( 1995 ) suggests that half of the elder people are under the vitamin D levels .
Furthermore , since old people stay at home for the most of the time , adequate sunlight would help them to form the cycle of day and night and thus prevent them from sleep disorders .
Although some people still insist that it is better to let someone take care of the old or provide asylums for them , and therefore there is no need to redesign their homes , they fail to consider the fees for the care and the feeling of the old .
Firstly , since most of the old do save their pension for the health care and do not want give their children too much burden .
Secondly , since old people have already developed a strong sentiment for their house , they do not want to move .
Furthermore , home care can also be done by providing welfare and consultation by government agencies at a lower cost to alleviate the solitude and physical burden of the dependent elderly , which is suggested by Claude ( 1993 ) in " Home based care " .
In conclusion , redesigning homes such as ordering the layout and adjusting the light for the old can ease the aging process in terms of cutting the home accidents , facilitating those who have physical problems and protecting the eyes and bones .
( 622 )
Many progresses have been made in science , especially medicine , to provide the elderly with convenient tools for their lives .
For example , dealing with bad vision , which is very popular among people above 60 , we now have special lens and eye drops , together with traditional magnifiers which are being improved more and more to help the elderly with their eyesight , or special hearing-aid can do a very good work in reinforcing the hearing ability .
Electric appliances are accompanied with remote controls which are easily to use and remember so that the elderly can flick through television channels or turn on and off lights and fans themselves .
For children working at offices who can not keep their eyes out of their old parents , they can install the webcam system around the house to watch over the parents while still doing their job .
They can do various things with multi-tasks and thus help the elderly a lot in the house .
Who say computers are just for teenagers and the youth ?
Singapore recently has launched an Internet portal " I Not Old " ( { www.inotold.com } [ HYPERLINK : http : //www.inotold.com ] ) especially for the elderly , " to provide them with social platforms , games andinformation " ( 4 ) .
What do they looking for ?
In conclusion , the elderly nowadays are being helped a lot with different advances in technology , become more and more independent to live on their own .
We now can feel safe to leave home on our business and leave them at home , knowing that they are supported and equipped all the things they need .
According to a definition on the Wikipedia website , aging population , of which three causes are usually migration , longer life expectancy , and decreased birth rate , is the increase in the number and proportion of the older people in the society .
Since happening , aging population has been dramatically influence various fields in people life such as economics , healthcare system , and social policy .
Firstly , for a graying population that occurs over the world , lots of policies have been applied to control the birth and death rate or to balance the age structure .
One of the most possibly effective ways is " two child " population policy in Shanghai , a big city in China .
Additional , for a long time , Chinese main population-controlling has been " one child " policy .
As a result , a bulge in graying population is developing .
Alternatively , " two child " policy can relax this problem and boost a higher birth rate , with a government campaign that encourages couples having a second child .
However , because of lacking of financial incentives , there is still no official announcement that allows this .
Secondly , to cope with the aging process , an increase in healthcare demand can be organized for 4 main headings : improve system performance , redesign service delivery , support informal caregivers , and shift demographic parameters .
Thirdly , as a way mentioned in " A graying world " of Peter Peterson , later retirement not only solves the employment problem , but also lightens the financial burden on the younger .
In countries with limited labour force , taking advantage of experienced , stable employers is very important , which also contributes a part in family income and saving a huge amount of training cost .
Moreover , providing work to the older people help getting rid of being bored , alone , and maybe health depression .
( Sugano Laboratory , 2007 ) Currently , this 147cm tall human-symbiotic- robot can perform conversation with people ; provide motion support and perform sophisticated tasks such as fetching seasonings from the refrigerator and picking up a piece of bread from the toaster and put it to a plate using a food tong without spoiling it .
In fact , there are a number of researches like Twendy-one , which focuses on technological innovations helpful to the aged people , is being done currently .
The aged may choose to wear optical lenses for presbyopia , and current research has raised this lens technology to a new height .
This enable the presbyopia patients , usually the aged , to see both far objects and near objects clearly without changing lens .
This means , when the patient look down , he or she can use the lower part of the lens to read and use the upper part of the lens with a different focus to look at distant objects .
Besides , the aged may also choose to carry a portable digital magnifier which takes picture behind the device , magnifies it to desired clearness and show it on the screen such as PocketViewer .
Hence , the pressure of aging process is reduced .
These information is further recorded and processed by the server in the hospital .
Moreover , this service system allows patients to get consultation from doctor using the device whenever they fell unwell .
With technological invents like this , it is likely that the aged will enjoy a healthier and longer life which , eased the aging process .
Third , technological inventions provides help for the aged who is incapable or inconvenient to walk on himself or herself .
To cope with this problem , technological inventions use two main method : either assist and enhance the ability of weak limbs or provide alternative transport .
For example , Cyberdyne Inc. in Japan introduces a robotic suit called HAL to enhance the ability of limbs .
( Sankai , 2009 ) This robotic suit is driven by battery and can worn by a person .
It detects bio-signal on a person 's skin , analyzes the signal to figure out the person 's movement and gives support at proper place with proper power .
Another example is wheelchair , which gives the aged an alternative way to 'walk' .
New technological inventions such as Topchair even allow wheelchair to climb stairs .
This wheelchair from France is able to climb up and go down stairs as well as moving in a speed greater then 35km/h while it only needs one or two finger to operate .
In each areas , inventions are solving practical problems that may happen on aged people .
By solving these problems , the life standard of the aged in enhanced while the stress of the aging process is reduced .
Technology now a days have been improving our daily life a lot .
It impact on our work , leisure and home .
Compare with the past , now a days , everything can be done easily with the aid of technology .
As the speed of the technology grow , people in the society aged as well .
Recently , aging population have been a concern by the government and society .
( 1 ) In order to ease the global aging process , people have begin using technology in hope to help the aging population .
Internet and automated gadgets are a few technology that have began using a few years ago to help the elderly .
Now a days , internet have been so common in the society that it is now been use to help the aging population .
For example , in the United State some family members actually give their elderly a GPS device which can helps to keep track of their location at anywhere and any time .
As people gets old , the chances of them getting lost are much more higher and with the help of GPS device , their love ones can easier find out their current location when they get lost .
Another way of helping the aging population was automated gadgets .
An example would be the Med-eMonitor , invented by InforMedix , which seek as a medicine reminder for the elderly .
Inside this gadget , it have a lot of compartments that can help to separate the medication and also allowing user to set a date and time .
If the musical chime is not responded by the elderly and the medication is not taken , the gadget will place a phone call to the family members to inform them .
Beside using internet and automated gadget individually , people have also combine them as one device .
In the United State there are device that can also help to connect the elderly to the doctor without having them to go to the hospital everyday .
For example , elderly with Cardiovascular disease can be attach a intelligent small device which is called a Chronicle system in their body to monitor their " heart rate , physical activity , body temperature and right ventricular ( RV ) pressure in them .
" ( 3 ) After that , those result gather by the device are transmitted to the doctors through a remote monitoring so that their health can be monitor even if they are at home or in the hospital .
Using internet and automated gadgets have help to ease the aging process a lot .
As time pass , our aging population grows and so do our technology .
But as technology grow , it can provide us with more invention that can help to ease the aging population process .
( 1 ) That famous quote of Australian politician Michael Wright not only illustrates one of the problems the government has to deal with aging population but also points out the pressure the aging population put on the medical system .
It appears that aging population has become the biggest and common concern of the countries all over the world , especially those in Europe and Japan .
The diverse obstacles associated with aging population creates lots of pressure , ranged not only from medical service but to education system too .
For instance : A survey conducted in British Columbia about the impact of aging population on social services shows that as the average age of citizens increases , so does the health care cost per capita .
( 2 ) The government has to reserve more budgets for taking care of the aged because they are more likely to suffer from ailments that almost occur in the old age ( such as : diabetes , osteomalacia... ) while still have a chance to come up with other diseases like adults .
On the other hand , the scientists keep giving out newly technological inventions to help the elder people feel more comfortable and content with their ordinary life .
They present wireless and mini deaf-aid to enhance the listening ability of elder people as well asartificial limbs for them or walking sticks to aid them standing and walking around.More specifically , designed elevators used for elder people in wheelchairs are everywhere , which plays an important role in helping them going to higher levels in tall buildings .
The older they get , the worse their body organs function , which leads to the situation that they really need some helps from inventors to retain their original life .
The next question needs to be debated is : " How much money should the government spend on the medical care for elder people ? " .
In my opinions , the government should use much more money on taking care of elder people because the following reason : Firstly , the aged are citizens who contributed a lot of money to National Treasury through compulsory taxes like land-tax , income tax... Because in this way or another , that was their money , they are deserved to receive more care from the authority .
Secondly , as long as you take care of the elder people well , the average longevity of the citizens will rise significantly .
As far as we concern , many economists evaluate the wealth and development of a country not only on the money it keeps , but also on how the average longevity of its citizens is .
In conclusions , it 's unassailable that : To some extent , current research have helped ease the aging process .
This mission not only lies on the scientists ' hands but also require some supports from the society in general , and the government in particular .
If the government reserve more money on the medical care for the elder people , absolutely they 'll be more satisfied with their life .
As we know , people are living longer today than they used to , and this is resulting in a much larger elderly population than formerly .
So , current research and development or policies in particular field of science and medicine have helped to ease the aging process .
According to research , it is estimated that one out of three people over age 64 has some hearing impairment ; this increases to almost one out of two persons over age 84 .
As we know , the ability to have chronically ill patients need to check in with a health-care provider every day and answer questions about their current symptoms allows for immediate intervention .
They need a comfortable home for their retire life .
This technology reminds patients to take their medication ; instructs patients through text , illustrations , and the spoken word on what , when , and how to make their medication ; ask patients if they would like to learn more about their medication ; provide administration , purpose , side effect , and storage information to the patient and etc., .
This will helps the older people a lot so that they will not been " throw " into the old folks home because of their disability in home .
As the world goes on , Technology has been applied to public transportation in the development of Intelligent Transportation System ( ITS ) that enhance older mobility by providing better information before and during a journey .
[ 1 ] Many of the age-related declines in function that contribute to driving cessation can impede mobility independence when using public transportation systems , The application of technology within an ITS can support deficits in vision , hearing , cognition , and sensorinotor function .
Technology on itself is not only the panacea to solve the aging global population .
So , there should be improve in every field of study and research to ease the aging population and to enhance the quality of life for a global population that will double in size by 2050 .
Since the birth of human beings , our ancestors have gone through the 4 stages of life , namely birth , old , ill and death .
It is a process that had started when we are first born .
It is inevitable that we will eventually become old and vulnerable to problems and diseases that associate with old age .
It is not unknown that scientist have been researching while government are constantly improving development and policies for elderly .
Firstly , modern medical research are able treat and cure deadly diseases and we are incapable previously .
With the currently advance medical technology , we are able to remedy and prevent diseases more effective .
Previous generation have no knowledge of illness like diabetes , hypertension and high cholesterol which leads to more sever problems like heart attack and stroke .
With modern research , medicine are produced to assist in treating the problems .
The findings were used for prevention to these illness , thus elderly who are more prone to these diseases are able to take more precaution to their health .
Secondly , More health care centers are developed to cater for elderly .
In fact we have access to medical , health care center within a kilometers in any housing estate .
For instant , now every markets or shopping malls will at least have one clinic in service as compared to the past where patients have to travel long distance in order to get basic treatment .
In addition , more hospitals are being build .
examples like Jurong General Hospital and Khoo Teck Puat Hospital will be build to provide medical services in Jurong and Yishun respectively .
These will provide more opportunities for treatment and shorten the traveling time in time of emergency .
For example , Medisave are made compulsory for Singaporean to contribute part of their income into saving for medical usage .
A minimum balance of $ 15 000 are required in Medicsave for preventing premature depletion which will needed for future medical needs , more precisely during old age .
Also benefits such as national medical subsidy scheme are introduced to subsidies the medical cost for the elderly .
Elder are given a subsidy of $ 360 annually for chronic diseases like diabetes , hypertension and high cholesterol .
These policies made medical treatment more affordable and less taxing to the elderly .
To summarize , with the current medical research , development and polices made by the scientists and government , it have definitely slowed and eased the aging process that everyone will experience .
However ageing will remains the same for today and will not change at least in our time .
This process or searching and examine was never ending , ever after decades .
This was even much more obvious shown in this century , where the standard of living of the generation X 's improved compare to the past .
To ease or slow down aging process is to have the ability to lengthen the lifespan of our youthful healthy days .
As such , life extension is the main concept that most company is engaging to target aging issues .
These products use different raw materials and food processing methods , which they claim it is safe and effective to be consumption , after rounds of testing .
However , mostly they work and agree on the same common theory , which is the importance of keeping a stable blood sugar levels , achieved in part by managing the glycemic indices of food choices .
In addition , Anti-aging creams such as " Olay " and " Loreal " is also getting more popular and commonly use in both woman and man .
These are mostly moisturiser based cosmeceutical skin care products marketed with the promise of making the consumer look younger by reducing visible wrinkles , expression lines , blemishes , pigmentation changes , discolouration and other environmentally ( especially from the sun ) related conditions of the skin .
[ 2 ] Despite great demand , many such products and treatments have not been proven to give lasting or major positive effects .
Another issues connected with aging process is the terror of memory loss .
According to one of the research conducted by the Natural Marketing Institute ( NMI ) [ 3 ] , memory loss and losing brain capacity is the biggest fear of the aging baby boomer population .
Currently in the market , they is brain supplement such as " Prevagen " and " Essential Youth " [ 4 ] ; product which claims to have remarkable formula , which can help old people look younger , feel better , think faster , remember more clearly , thus enjoy their life again is out in display in all corners of the shopping and healthcare centre .
These products were advertised with the support from TV artist and prove documentation testing from scientist .
When comes to matters related to healthcare , research is never ending .
Scientist has also carry other studies and proposed other strategies of life extension .
However , these 2 researches involve debatable points in ethics and religion which need to be resolve .
Aging is a process which can not be stop and it is going to be a much more critical emergency issue to the mankind in the next decades , while the ratio of working adult and to the old is further reduce to one-one .
It is a problem that every country is facing , and if it is not properly deal with , it will held back the country 's development and be an economy hindrance .
As such , in conclusion , the researches in medicines and other field such as technology and social policy is one of the up most importance issues currently .
With education , detail and proper planning now will help to ease numerous problems that the country and family will face as the population agers .
The following statements are from the report released by the Singapore Department of Statistics in 2008 : life expectancy in Singapore continues to increase , according to the latest figures released today in an Information Paper 'Complete Life Tables 2003-2006 for Singapore 's Resident population ' by the Singapore Department of Statistics ( DOC ) .
From the report , we can find that the life expectancy of people is increasing with time going by , which implies that the aging process is becoming slower than before .
We may wonder why this tendency happens these years .
I think that there are various fields contribute to this tendency , from the science fields to the technology area , from the economics fields to the government policies , from the medicine fields to the psychology fields .
In my opinion , the development of technology plays an important role .
I think there are two kinds of technology that contribute a lot to the increase of the life expectancy of people .
When it comes to the information technology , every young man should be familiar with it .
However , it seems that the information technology is not very popular among the old .
Thus , it seems that the information technology does not help the adults a lot .
For example , the button of the mobile and the words on the screen too small or the old can not read or the tools are too complex .
However , the producers are trying to produce the products particularly for the old .
The products is cheap and the word is big enough and the functions are just enough for the old .
With these tools , for example , mobile phone , the old can get in touch with their sons or daughters easily .
Thus , these tools will both help them both physically and mentally .
Then I tell something about how the technological inventions help to ease the aging process .
There is a reduction of the thymus gland to 5-10 % of its original mass by age 50 .
Levels of antibodies increase with aging... " From this , we can know that when people become old , the organs and tissues will not work as well as before .
If the walking stick finds anything wrong , it will send a message to a healthcare center and the center will get the information of where the people is and send a nurse to take of the people .
Through this way , the health of the old are more guaranteed and this will absolutely ease the aging process .
There also have hearing aids to help old people listen clearly and electronic wheelchair to help old people go out conveniently .
From all above , we can include that the technological inventions help to ease the aging process .
I think that with the development of the technology , the aging process will become even slow .
The technology really help the old a lot at easing the aging process .
Hopefully , we will benefit more from the fast developing of the technology .
Technology has vastly improved since the past century and made life easier for the elderly around the world .
For the case of developments in terms of Architecture , it has been true thus far .
Moving around in a speed and mobility which they had decades ago was not possible , but Architecture has changed our homes in a manner which assured that the elderly can at least move around without facing much difficulties .
One such feature is having a home to be built with leveled ground .
Another of such feature will be homes with wider corridors .
Both of the mentioned features allow greater mobility for wheel-chair bound elderly or elderly who move around with the help of a walking stick .
Elderly has always been stereotyped as people who are prone to slipping and injuring themselves .
To ease such worries of the younger generation , developments in Architecture has its means to solve such problems .
In parts of homes where a staircase must inevitably be built , handrails or barristers can be built for support if the elderly wishes to climb the stairs .
As the number of elderly that live alone rise , the government saw the need to provide special housing for them .
In terms of Singapore , the government has decided to develop blocks of rental 1-room flats which have lifts that stop on every floor , an alert alarm to call for help in the event of emergency and support hand bars in the toilets and along common corridors to facilitate mobility of the elderly .
New shopping centres such as Orchard Centre and Ion Orchard have elderly-friendly facilities such as rams or leveled ground at the entrance , toilets for the disabled which is also user-friendly for the elderly .
Architecture has raised the standards of living up to a stage where even elderly that have low mobility are able to move around as they wish .
There are many physical and mental ailments that often arise from aging , such as brain degeneration , discriminations from the public , social isolation and no sense of direction in life .
To reduce the negative impact of aging process , it is therefore important to create a role model for the elderly , eliminate ageism in the society , and improve detection of depression and encouraging lifelong learning .
For example , there is a controversy why many people believe that when we were young and forgetful , the reason for forgetfulness is because we have too many stuff on our mind .
However , this is a fallacy and believing in it will likely to lead to a negative self-efficacy on oneself .
One way of fighting ageism is educating the people of the adverse effects of old aged stereotyping is important .
In a study done by Levy and her colleague , older individuals with more positive self-perception of aging lived 7.5 years longer than those with less positive self-perceptions of aging [ 3 ] .
Therefore a possible solution is to increase the number of doctoral-level trained geropsychologists ( Psychologists for the elderly ) and make age-related information more available to researchers , practitioners and students to help improve in detection and treatment .
Critics of my position feel that we should not pressure the people to participate in lifelong learning and likely to lead to people learning " for the good of society " .
[ 6 ] However , this is insufficient as there are also many benefits that lifelong learning can exert on oneself .
In a book " Learning Later , Living Greater " co written by Nancy Merz Nordstrom and Jon F.Merz , the authors highlighted the benefits presented with supporting case study on lifelong learning .
Having a positive image for the elderly , effectively combating ageism , depression-free and lifelong learning society have contributed to ease the aging process .
We should continue embracing the idea that old age is not an end .
After all , as George Burns , an American comedian , once said that " You ca n't help getting older , but you do n't have to get old " .
The world 's population took a rapid growth in the 1950s and 60s .
It is expected , by 2030 , about nineteen percent of the world 's population will be over the age of sixty-five .
However taking a look around us today , current research , development and various policies have evolved to an extent large enough to dismiss our concerns with a greying population .
These measures and policies developed have greatly aided the elders with their ageing process .
First , the local government has done much to introduce various measures in helping to lessen the economical load on the elderly .
In this manner , the elder folks are in turn taken care of by the younger generation , easing their ageing process .
The above mentioned contributes to the easing of the ageing process by creating a dependency between the younger generation in families with their elders .
This social policy has helped many to self sustain their elderly years .
In the area of healthcare policies , there are a handful of available measures which have essentially helped eased the ageing process .
This measure curbs the elder 's worry of escalating healthcare costs , which they find themselves more liable to in their older years .
Secondly , direct subsidies are given to government hospitals , polyclinics and some nursing homes for the elderly to ensure that basic healthcare services are made available for all Singaporean elders .
Ageing process is made easier as worry for health issues and expenses are greatly reduced .
As illustrated , there exist many current social policies which have become widely available .
These policies caters to the varying needs of the ageing population be it in financial terms or healthcare .
Today , the concerns involved with the ageing process have been curbed in a wide array and a majority of our concerns with a greying population are dismissed .
The elders are greatly aided with their ageing process through government grants , healthcare benefits and many other social policies made available to them and each can be easily utilised .
People today are able to ease aging process because of the current research and development .
In psychology studies , scientists analysed human mental functions and behaviours and came out with solutions to help elderly ease their process of aging .
Through research , psychologists found out that elderly gets depress easily .
For instance , in the work society , some young adults develop prejudice and discrimination against the older people because they feel that elderly are less efficient and no longer productive .
Therefore , aging process can be eased by helping the elderly develop a positive attitude towards life .
Elderly tends to think that they are incompetent and useless as they no long contributes to the society .
Firstly , live long learning is emphasized to help them .
They can upgrade their skills by taking up enriching courses like computer classes .
This can boost their confidence in securing their job .
[ 5 ] They often feel lonely and helpless as they have no one to confide to .
Now , many community service clubs like NUS CSC have gathered volunteers to visit these elderly at least once a week .
In this way , elderly can get involved in community activities which in turn make them look forward to the next session .
Thirdly , for retired elderly , they could not get used to the ample of time they have .
Other than joining activities held in the community centres , they can also form groups with other elderly to do morning exercises .
Exercise can help them to improve blood circulation , bone strength and immune systems functions .
Easing aging process is just about making them feel better .
For retired elderly , they may even feel better as there 's no stress from work .
Since the solutions from current research and development can help elderly to feel young and create a positive attitude towards life , hence aging is eased to a large extent .
Care the old
As far as I am concerned , we should not limit the public spending on the aged .
The reasons are as follows : Firstly , put first thing first .
Secondly , cutting down public spending may arouse the complaints of the public .
Thirdly , limiting the public spending on the aged will surely increase the load over the youth .
First of all , put first thing first , which means satisfying the basic needs ofthe aged is the most important thing for a country , only when the basic needs of people are satisfied , development can be possible .
Let us imagine , if the aged people are in starvation , how can the government still limits the public spending and use the money on other areas , regardless of thousands of lives .
It looks like that exchanging the development with people 's lives .
For instance , after the war , the government of Iraq tried to collect money for the public spending and basic reconstruction .
In the case of Iraq , satisfying the basic needs of people is the most important thing which should be put first .
Different countries have different cases that can not be talked together .
Another reason is that limiting public spending may arouse the complaints of public , which in return , has an effect on the development of the country .
For some elderly person , public spending is the only source of their income .
Limiting the public spending will make it harder for them to live through , especially for those old people who have no children and in poor physical condition .
So if their incomes are limited , it must arouse complaints and evokes the indignation .
Most interesting thing is that voters are tended to vote for those who approve the usage of money on public spending .
So government should not limit public spending in case of the complaints and indignation from the public .
Finally , limiting public spending will surely increase the burden on the youth , since they will share much more responsibilities of supporting the aged .
The youth have already borne the load of bringing up their children ; they must feel more stressful if the society throws the aged problem onto them .
Some people may say that offering sufficient public spending will make the aged more rely on government .
As we can see , the elderly people are still looking for light jobs to make money .
For example , waiters in the shops like Macdonald , cleaners are mostly made up of old people .
The aged still try their best to create values for the society .
Limiting public spending on the aged is a serious matter , especially for those who are physically disabled or live alone without children .
The aged should be cared by the societyTheir basic needs should be satisfied first , then countries ' development can be talked .
Furthermore , limiting public spending may cause the complaints of the public and increase the load on the younger generation .
So limiting public spending is the wrong way to develop a country and we should not limit public spending .
Aging population is a global phenomenon which affects economic growth , sustainability within families and public spending .
It declines economic growth as the size of the workforce reduces as more elderly leave the workforce and less people are recruited into the workforce affecting productivity .
Another impact is the sustainability of families , because there is far less children supporting far more elderly .
This results in severe financial stresses for the working population .
Public spending which is government expenditure is also stressed to provide pensions , building infrastructure , healthcare catered for the elderly .
I agree that public spending for the aged should be limited because it is impractical for public spending on the aged not to be limited , and that the limit should be set on healthcare without neglecting the healthcare and social needs of the elderly .
Either other areas of public spending have to receive less funding or taxes have to be raised to allow for more funds to be spent on the aged .
Firstly , public funding on other sectors is also limited and can not be reduced , as they are equally important .
Military is a need for defense of the nation .
Public spending on technology can not be reduced as it is a substitute for the decline in productivity with a shrinking workforce .
Secondly , the main income for public spending is from taxes , especially income taxes from the working population or services tax forming the largest proportion .
If taxes are raised substantially it would even worsen the severe financial stresses for the working population and adversely impact the consumer market .
Therefore , public spending on the aged definitely has to be limited , ensuring enough funding goes to other sectors such as education , military , technology , transport , housing , healthcare , sports , etc which are equally important and also not to increase taxes for the working population .
The government should limit on public spending on healthcare for the aged , and the limit should satisfy the healthcare needs of all the elderly .
Wants are usually specialist services that perform detailed checkups to determine the underlying cause of the illness , analysis of patients ' symptoms to predict illnesses they might contract and certain pharmaceutical medicine which acts as supplements .
Therefore , individuals should pay for what is wanted and only needs are being subsidized the government to reduce public spending on healthcare for the aged .
The government should also support healthcare costs for those elderly in families with financial problems as poverty would come into place if basic healthcare is not provided to everyone .
These illnesses or diseases could be non-communicable or chronic which include cardiovascular disease , dementia and Alzheimer 's disease , cancer , arthritis , and diabetes .
Although , the public spending on the aged has to be limited , it can not neglect the social needs of the elderly .
As the elderly are physically weaker and have poorer vision , elder friendly infrastructures which include enhancements to transport facilities and housing are necessary to free the elderly from problems of mobility to the community .
Imagine if there were plenty staircases and no lifts , signs with small fonts , no resting areas .
It would be an anti elderly society where they would most likely stay at home .
These elder friendly infrastructures are meant to give accessibility for the elderly to physically communicate with friends , families and other people making them part of the community .
After all , it is only morally right to do so as the elderly were once part of the working populations that contributed to the nation and they now form a significant portion of the population .
In conclusion , the world should shift towards fostering an elder friendly society that values their contribution and allow them to part of the community .
It should also inculcate a strong sense of self reliance among the workforce to prepare them for their elderly life .
This would reduce their dependence on children or government to support them , and not hinder the growth of other areas of country development when these other areas receive fewer funds due to the increasing amount of funds being diverted into helping the growing aged population .
As psychology develops , it has benefitted human a lot , helping people know more about themselves .
According to statistics from the World Health Organization , seven to ten percents of the elderly population have depression problems ( Baidu , 2009 ) .
However , as the psychology advances , elderly depression can be dealt with through psychological means .
First , elderly depression could be prevented with psychological consultation .
For example , a qualified psychological consultant is able to offer an old person constructive suggestions of preventing depression such as keeping a positive attitude towards aging , developing hobbies and participating in social activities , which can activate the old person 's mind .
The consultant might also advise the children of the old person to keep the elderly company regularly and care more about him .
Probably elderly depression would be prevented from happening to the old person with active mind and lots of emotional support .
Second , elderly depression could be treated with psychological treatment .
For instance , psychological doctors can address the importance of sports as appropriate amount of sports can keep the old people 's body and mind on .
At the same time , volunteers can play a part in helping to treat as listeners .
Speaking out personal experience and difficulties in life is a good way of letting off negative mood for old people .
As an old saying puts it , it is { never too old to learn } [ HYPERLINK : dict : //key.0895DFE8DB67F9409DB285590D870EDD/never % 20too % 20old % 20to % 20learn ] .
By continuous self learning , the elderly is able to refresh their mind and keep up with the pace of time .
If a grandfather knows how to surf the Internet , his life will be more colourful and meaningful because he has more approach to recreation and more access to information .
On the other hand , with life-long learning , the old is more competitive in the working force because they possess new knowledge needed in a new age and have profound working experience , which is an advantage over the young .
Once the elderly becomes more competitive in employment , it is easier for them to choose late retirement .
However , one might propose that psychology development has brought about ageism , which involves prejudicial attitudes to the { aging process } [ HYPERLINK : http : //en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Ageing ] .
On the contrary , psychological development has helped to eliminate ageism , " the { stereotyping } [ HYPERLINK : http : //en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Stereotyping ] of and { discrimination } [ HYPERLINK : http : //en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Discrimination ] against individuals or groups because of their age " ( Wikipedia , 2009 ) .
It is the old who has contributed to our society a lot .
Psychological development has provided us with the right view of aging , helping to eliminate ageism and ease the aging process .
In conclusion , elderly depression problems are becoming less severe with the help of psychological consultation and treatment , life-long learning has been promoted by psychological development to equip the elderly better for employment , and ageism is somewhat eliminated by correct psychological perspective .
With the population of aged getting larger in the society , a big sum of money is involved in helping the aged .
If this huge amount of spending is reduced , but in turn , spend on the other areas for the country 's development , the wealth of the country can reach a balance point .
To many people , it can be perceived as being cruel to the elderly by limiting the amount of money to be spent on them .
However , we need to be realistic and pragmatic .
With sufficient fund , the country can spend on manpower , education , investment , construction and other aspects to aid in its development .
Nevertheless , a government can still provide fund for the aged .
In this survey , the elderly can state down whether they do receive any forms of subsidy from their families , where do they stay with , and whether they are interested to apply for financial assistance .
On top of that , it ensures that their contributions to the country 's economy still do exist .
By doing so , the country could differentiate them from the rest of the elderly that they do not need any forms of financial aid , because they already have enough to finance themselves .
On the other hand , for those who are really in need , they can apply for the subsidy to receive a certain amount of funding every month .
Under this financial plan , they will benefit from the country 's welfare and at the same time , able to satisfy their basic needs .
A well-developed country can bring wealth and boost economy of the country .
With that , the citizens can get to improve their living qualities and conditions .
Let us imagine a country that has slower development in education .
In the near future , children in the country would have lower chance to be educated .
People need to be more practical and far-sighted to consider about the next generation in the country .
This can be done by building up fund for the country 's development , but not overdoing in funding the aged .
Some countries experience aging population , for example Japan , which is facing rapid change in aging population , having a 5.1 % 1 increase over the last 30 years .
This figure is expected to increase as more elderly age reaching 65 years old .
Countries such as Singapore also face rapid aging population with decreasing fertility rate of 0.31 % 1 over the past 7 years .
If this trend continues , Singapore will be second after Japan demographic age .
This aging population thus affects the country 's economy because of the high retirement rate and the increased need in providing healthcare for the elderly .
Hence I disagree to a large extend that public spending should be limited because it is still part of the country 's responsibility to take care of the aged population .
Firstly , Singapore is one of the many countries experiencing aging population , where median age increases from 16.9 years since 1970 to 19.51 years now and a decreasing fertility rate1 .
Large number of retirees will be expected in the future .
Other policies the government has in creating more job opportunities for the aged include , providing part time jobs , allowing flexible working hours and giving an option for them to work at home .
Secondly , as the country 's aging population increases , health problem becomes one of the concerns for the elderly .
For most developed and developing countries , healthcare would become an issue .
As the cost of living increases , the cost on healthcare also increases concurrently .
For instance , healthcare is an issue in the United States such as coverage of healthcare expenses issues .
Any healthcare cost will become a burden to themselves as well as to their family members .
On other hand , countries such as Singapore have policies which help the elderly in covering their medical expenses .
This will not be possible if limitation of public spending on the aged had been imposed .
For instance , during the current economic downturn , public funding should be diverted to developing more facilities , which will in turn improve the economic .
One example is the recent government project on the integrated resort , which create job opportunities and attract people to spend when it is completed .
If the economy of the country is not growing , it may affect the businesses within the country , which in turn affects the employment rate .
Therefore , we should not limit the public spending on the aged as they are still part of the country 's development and social well being .
As a Chinese idiom goes , the aged population is actually a treasure to the country .
However a significant amount of funding should also be diverted to other developments to stimulate the economy and help the country and its people to survive the economic downturn .
I agree that " To a large extent , current research and development/policies have helped to ease the aging process .
" Elders experience degraded capabilities in body functions , like standing for extended duration , lifting , diminishing eyesight and slower reaction time among others .
Technologies have been deployed to assist elders in day to day activities to counter or decrease disadvantages they face due to their less athletic bodies .
Elders are eased in the aging process by technologies that retaining some of the capabilities when they were young .
Compared to the past where there was less advanced deployment of machineries and technologies , I found four areas that technologies help elders in , work , communication , healthcare and transportation .
Firstly , mechanization and automation have taken away much muscularity from work .
This allows elders how to less physical capabilities in their work .
Elders are as capable of operating and monitoring equipments as the younger , stronger workers .
Working at the port or the warehouse would be impossible for elders in the past , where cargo are loaded and uploaded by man .
Dockside cranes and forklift , both implementations of technologies , allow elders to handle the job even though they are not as fit as younger workers .
Thus , due to mechanization and automation , workers have smaller decrease in productivity due to age , allowing elders to work at age older than could be done in the past .
Elders can have longer time to save up for retirement , decreasing potential financial problems .
Elders can be at ease knowing that they are able to be more financially capable at older age .
Secondly , elders can access communication network through specific communication devices are designed for elders ' usage .
While most are still in prototype stage , the demand in the market warrants such products to be available in the near future .
These devices take into account elders ' tendency to fail to recall operation methods , contacts , schedule , location , etc. Much emphasis has been placed on shadow learning curves and user- friendliness to non-technically inclined user .
User interface and controls can self-descriptive and intuitive , achieved through extensive use of icons , grouping of related tasks and automatic hiding and showing of controls by intelligently determining likely intention of users .
A phone by Doro with big buttons and limited functions is an example .
The simplicity of this device made it more adoptable for elders .
Elders can now communicate with each others , their children and relatives regardless of geographical distance .
In the past , they would have to made physical visit at another geographical location or employ the help of their children to make a phone call or internet chat .
For elders of greater age , technologies can assist in their healthcare with timely information .
There are products in the market where the elder at home can wear a device like wearing necklace , on which there is a big red emergency button .
A modem installed at home will be wirelessly detect the pressing of emergency button and automatically dial for emergency service with location and elder 's medical information and family members as long as the elders press it within the detection range of the device .
This greatly increase the chances of help arriving in a timely manner .
Emergency respond unit are able to have detailed medical records of the patients before arrival , and apply the appropriate pre-treatment before sending the patient to hospital .
In the past , elders would need someone else to look after them and response to emergency situation .
Elders ' might also be unaware or can not remember their own medical records .
Technologies thus make aging much safer for elders .
To help elders travel around , public transportation system had underwent changes catering towards them .
In Singapore , MRT stations are retrofitted with lift so that elders do not need to climb the staircase or take escalator .
Many bus service providers around the world are acquiring low- floor buses , which has increased accessibility for elders .
Combined with policy that encourages priority of seats for elders , taking public transport have became a much more comfortable experience compared to the past .
In conclusion , I found many technologies that have helped to ease the aging process by a large extent .
Aging would become much less difficult and uncomfortable without these technologies .
One of the most challenging issues in the world now is on the ability to meet up with the increase in energy demand .
Current resources like the fossil fuel , which is used to generate electricity , will eventually be depleted in a few centuries ' time ( Mitenkov , Kodochigov , Vasyaev , Golovko , Ponomarev-Stepnoi , Kukharkin & Stolyarevskii , 2004 ) .
Although there are public opponents who do not wish for the nuclear reactors to be built due to potential threats , past incidences and cost , Generation IV VHTR aims to overcome these negative aspects with funding for the research and development work .
This is one of the reasons why opponents from the public do not wish for nuclear reactor to be built .
Therefore , the likelihood of reactors melting down because of terrorist shutting off coolant to the VHTR is brought to a minimum .
Furthermore , terrorist attacks could also come in many other forms ; one well-known example is the terrorist attack upon the United Stated on 11 September 2001 which does not involve nuclear reactors .
Therefore , it can be concluded that if terrorist are determined to destroy a country , they could still use different methods even if nuclear reactors are present in the country .
In addition , since terrorist know that there will be extra precautions taken for the nuclear reactors , it will be more difficult for them to sabotage the country by means of the nuclear reactor .
In order to make the VHTR to be much less of being a target by the terrorist point of view , funding for research and development will help to look for simpler safety interlock systems and other materials which can withstand very high temperature to built the reactor .
The public , being nuclear-adverse , is also the result of the past incidences at Three Mile Island and Chernobyl in Pennsylvania and Ukraine respectively .
Also , the cooling system of the reactor was not properly set up ; hence , overheating caused the reactors ' core to melt and severely damaged ( World Nuclear Association , 2009 ) .
The VHTR can reduce the occurrence of this incident by incorporating simple cooling system which does not need skilled operators ( Butler , 2004 ) .
Thus , with careful , well trained operators and better cooling systems , the probability of incident happening will be reduced .
As for the other incident which happened in Chernobyl , it was a result of operators , who were not well trained in operation and safety , operating on a reactor which is inadequately designed ( World Nuclear Association , 2009 ) .
These led to 56 deaths as of 2004 within four months as a result of the reactors ' explosion and released of radioactive materials into the surroundings ( World Nuclear Association , 2009 ) .
It was noted that the explosion was due to coolant used , which is water , turning to steam and thus , suddenly increased the power produced and nuclear reaction ( World Nuclear Association , 2009 ) .
For the case of the VHTR , helium will be the coolant .
Being chemically inert , helium does not influence the nuclear reactions with a temperature change or deprive of coolant for the reactor .
Hence , power surge of the reactor will be minimized , resulting in a decrease in the probability of reactor explosion .
There is no doubt that the opponents would not want the history to repeat itself , hence , they would not want nuclear reactors to be built .
However , there are important lessons to be learnt from this accident which can be used in improving on the design of nuclear reactors .
Research and development for VHTR could help to ensure safer operation of nuclear reactor where safety aspects of the reactor would be better than before .
Besides that , adequate operators ' training will be planned and carried out faithfully to being accident rates to a minimum .
With safer nuclear reactors , the opposition should feel more at ease with it in their country , and hence , more can be built to help in sustaining the energy supply for the future .
Although the cost of hydrogen replacing gasoline is huge , there will surely be more benefits to mankind due to its high efficiency .
According to Butler ( 2004 ) , approximately 400 nuclear power plants , each requires about US $ 1 billion , need to be built in order to fully be dependent on hydrogen instead of gasoline .
In addition , research and testing works are required to look for materials which are able to resist the high temperature of the VHTR and the rapid impact of high energy neutrons in the reaction ( Butler , 2004 ) .
This could help to meet up with the rising energy demand .
Although there might be future technologies which are better than the VHTR , it is not definite as yet .
Therefore rather than waiting for a new technology to fully emerge , we should continue to carry out research work on enhancing the feasible technology present now , which is the nuclear reactor .
Opponents may think that nuclear reactors are potential terrorist targets , but precautions are already taken to minimize the impact .
Moreover , nuclear reactors are not the only source for the terrorist ; there are other ways in which terrorists can think of to destroy a country .
Certain major incidents in the past which resulted in deaths involved nuclear reactors , thus , the public are against nuclear reactors .
However , it is because of these past experiences where there can be improvements to the design of the Generation IV VHTR .
Therefore , the VHTR can be said to be much safer than nuclear reactors in the past .
Lastly , the cost to build and experiment on newly designed nuclear reactors may be high , but the advantage that it can produce more energy with the same amount of resources can far surpass the cost involved as the important issue now is to solve the problem of constantly increasing in energy demand .
It is mentioned in Butler 's article ( 2004 ) that building VHTR can involve lots of obstacles , but if engineers are able to overcome them , then energy production will be " safe , abundant , reliable , inexpensive and proliferation resistant " .
Hence , I strongly recommend the further funding for the research and development for engineers to overcome the challenges involved in constructing the VHTR .
Talking about the most serious accident ever in the nuclear power history , the 1986 Chernobyl Accident will come to everyone 's mind ( UNSCEAR , 2009 ) .
According to an authoritative report ( WNA , 2009 ) , there are 56 deaths confirmed to be directly related to the Chernobyl Accident by 2004.It is officially suggested that the Chernobyl Accident was the result of inadequately trained operators , a flawed design , as well as the lack of proper regard for safety ( WNA , 2009 ) .
As researchers pay more and more attention to applied psychology in the recent decades , people are wondering whether the use of psychology during the design process would have prevented some major engineering accident like the Chernobyl Accident .
Evidence shows the use of psychology during the design process would largely reduce the chance of the Chernobyl Accident by raising the awareness of safety culture among the crew .
In this essay , two aspects where psychology could have been applied to prevent the accident will be talked about , they are : calling people 's attention to the importance of safety and making people consider the safety of the complex high hazard system from a macro view .
Above all , applying psychology during design process could make people pay more attention to the importance of safety .
It is identified by International Atomic Energy Agency ( IAEA ) in the post-accident report that deficient knowledge and awareness of safety through out the design , operating , and regulatory crew was one of the main causes that lead to the Chernobyl Accident ( IAEA , 1992 ) .
Here are some examples that reflects the deficient knowledge safety of the crews .
For the design team , a few fatal design errors of the nuclear system and their possible consequences had been known long before the Chernobyl Accident , but no action was taken to correct these errors in the design process .
For the operating team , insufficient training of the operating staff caused a serious problem about the man-machine interaction .
And for the regulatory team , they underestimated the potential danger in the nuclear test and therefore did not provide necessary supervision for the test .
( James , 2009 ) All these had contributed to the painful consequence of the Chernobyl Accident , and could be prevented if psychology had been applied to make the crew more responsible and pay more attention to the nuclear safety .
Furthermore paying more attention to the importance of safety is not enough psychology should be applied to guide the engineers to consider the safety of the nuclear plant from a system level .
However , as all the other accidents of the same nature namely accidents of the complex high hazard systems the Chernobyl Accident is not the consequence of a single error , but the combination of the failure of various factors ( Wilpert , 2007 ) .
When the Chernobyl Accident occurred , the poor communication and interaction between different departments of the nuclear plant made it even worse than it might have otherwise been .
To prevent the accident , it is important to consider the safety from a macro view by analyzing the whole nuclear system , including the interaction among human , organizational , and technological factors ( Meshkati , 1996 ) .
On the other hand , not everyone agree with that applying psychology during engineering design process would have prevented the Chernobyl Accident .
First due to the wrong social perception of psychology and the social sciences , many people think psychology is only under the field of human arts and social science , which is totally unrelated to engineering , therefore they think there is no way applying psychology during the designing process will help to prevent those engineering accidents like this Chernobyl Accident .
Nevertheless , these people do not realize that those who designs , constructs , maintains , and runs the systems are all humans ( Wilpert , 2007 ) .
Therefore a large part of the safety of the engineering systems lies on human activities .
Applying psychology in engineering can help to make people more mature , responsible , and careful while dealing with complex high hazard systems like the nuclear reactors , which will definitely reduce the chance of accident .
Another rebuttal against applying psychology is that some people argue that design errors is the main cause of the major engineering accidents , and applying psychology can not correct these design errors and prevent the accidents .
It is true that a lot of accidents are due to design errors , but it is also true that human is the factor that gives rise to the accidents in many cases .
If we can not improve the safety awareness among the crew , there is no point to merely solve the technical problem .
For instance , about a decade before the Chernobyl Accident , a nuclear accident occurred at the Three Mile Island , of which the technical cause was also the water cooling system ( WNA , 2001 ) .
The reason of why ten years later the similar technical defect still caused the Chernobyl Accident is because people did not pay enough attention to the nuclear safety and therefore did not learn a lesson from the prior accidents , which is not a pure technical problem and could be solved by applying psychology .
Human is therefore of vital importance to the safety of engineering design process .
So instead of solely focusing on the technical problems , applying psychology would be another thing we need to give equal priority to prevent accidents .
In conclusion , there is adequate evidence shows that the use of psychology during the design process would have largely reduced the chance for the Chernobyl Accident , considering psychology could help to make people pay more attention to the importance of safety and consider the safety of the whole nuclear in the design process .
Nevertheless , solely applying psychology during design process would not have totally prevented the Chernobyl Accident , because there are other factors that lead to the accident , for example , cultural factor .
It is confirmed by UN ( WNA , 2009 ) that the Cold War isolation is one of the direct cause of the Chernobyl Accident .
Now the scarcity of energy has increasingly become a severe problem .
Compared with other kinds of power generation , nuclear energy is rather cost competitive and eco-friendly .
Personally , among all the generation reactors , I believe the supercritical water reactor should be the most applicable for most countries , especially those developing countries without advanced technology and tremendous capital .
Firstly , the supercritical water reactor is not only very high thermal efficient but also quite economical .
As for construction cost , the supercritical water reactor is rather low .
Due to the simpler structure , many of the traditional Light Water Reactor components such as the coolant recirculation pumps , pressurizers , steam generators , and steam separators and dryers can be eliminated in the Supercritical water reactors .
( Buongiorno & MacDonald , 2003 , p. 3 ) And as for material engineering , according to the corrosion and stress-corrosion cracking ( SCC ) susceptibility tests in supercritical water by scientist from MIT ( Massachusetts Institute of Technology ) and the University of Michigan ( J. McKinley , S. Teysseyre , G. S. Was , D. B. Mitton , H. Kim , J-K Kim , and R. M. Latanision,2003 ) , Two traditional austenitic steels ( 304L and 316L ) can be used for high temperature components in the SCWR .
On the other hand , as for the Very High Temperature reactor , big safety provisions have to be considered to ensure the stability under high temperature and a multitude of coolants are needed .
Since the coolant for VHTR is inherit gas such as Helium and is not recyclable , a lot of energy and money will be consumed to separate it from air .
Moreover , large amount of money needs to be spent to design and develop new related materials which can bear high temperature , high { neutron } [ HYPERLINK : http : //en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Neutron ] dose , and { corrosive } [ HYPERLINK : http : //en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Corrosion ] operating conditionsinside the VHT reactor ( IAEA 2004 ) .
Also it is very costly to build the VHTR since its too complicated inner structure .
However , SCWR can be installed not only in shorter period but also by fewer workers , which will dramatically save the fixed costs of plant construction .
In the meantime , the supercritical water reactor can also enjoy high thermal efficiency and energy conversion rate .
According to the SCWR annual report published By Jacopo Buongiorno and Philip E. MacDonald ( 2003 ) , about 45 % to 55 % heat generated by nuclear reactions can be transferred into electricity against 35 % efficiency for advanced LWRs .
Since the coolant is just supercritical water , at extreme pressure , above the critical point , steam and liquid can be into a single phase , which will convert more fission energy into electricity .
And compared with Very High temperature reactor , the SCWR is a breeder one , thus it could produce more usable potentially usable fuel , which means less core material such as Uranium would be consumed to produce same quantities of electricity .
Lastly , compared with VHTR , owing to its lower temperature , the SCWR needs fewer heats to trigger the reactions and keep the thermal inertia , which save more energy but also stay in the high thermal efficiency .
Since SCWR is a combine and expanse of old Light Water reactor and fossil fuel fired boiler , which are commonly deployed and widely used around the world .
Thus the basic theories and technologies for SCWR have been proven to be reliable for many years ( W. S. Yang , N. Zavaljevski ,2003 ) .
But as for VHTRs , not a similar plant has been build yet ( the first VHTR will be completed in 2020s ) , a lot of new and untested concepts still need be verified , which may cause reactors with more nondeterminacies any incur more unexpected problems .
And as for VHTR , a lot technical challenges also remain to be unsettled .
However , since SCWR 's simple and user-friendly design , almost from mature technologies of LWR ; therefore it will be more likely to be adapted soon by many countries , especially those developing countries without strong capital and mature technologies .
Moreover , by processing electricity , hydrogen also can be generated with electrolysis by SCWR , which will support the development of hydrogen industry in following decades and make additional profits .
Different from Light Water Reactors used around world today , the Super Critical Water Reactor can be more likely to slow down and catch 'fast neutrons ' , which means it would burn less nuclear fuels in a more thorough way .
So the time for breakdown nuclear wastes will be decades instead of millenniums after SCWR will be applied .
Further , compared with VHTR , the primary and secondary coolant of SCWR is just the same supercritical water which can be relatively easy to get and recycled .
And because the super enthalpy of supercritical water , more energy will be transplanted but less unexpected by-products will be produced , which will certainly decrease the risk of contamination to the environment and enhance the integral efficiency of transplanting , which will effectually reduce the carbon emissions by burning less fossil fuels .
The safety of SCWR has been proven and can be better in the future .
Thanks to the improvement of core design , less average core density will be required so that the possibility of devastating accidents such as core melting down happened will become extremely slim ; And because the dedicated moderator of SCWR , the boiling crisis of coolants under normal operating conditions can be also eliminated .
Since the SCWR safety system is comparable with ABWR , scientists now are trying to combine SCWR with ESBWR-type passive safety systems together .
If it can be integrated together , the safety of SCWR will be enhanced dramatically .
To conclude , although some technical issues of Super Critical Water reactor are still under researching , personally I reckon that the SCWR would be the most promising reactor against other generation ones , in terms of performance , cost , feasibility , and impacts to the environment .
With the development of science and technology , the SWCR will not only be able to efficiently produce clean energy but also significantly settle the severe global warming challenge today .
( Butler , D 239 ) GIF 's criteria of including a nuclear reactor design for consideration include : sustainable energy , competitive energy , safe and reliable systems and proliferation resistance .
( " Very High Temperature Reactors " , section 5 ) Very-high-temperature reactor ( VHTR ) is one of the six generation IV reactor concepts proposed by the GIF .
VHTR requires an operating temperature of 1000oC,at high pressure where helium is the coolant being used .
( Butler , D 239 ) Critiques have argued that the current nuclear plants in operation are susceptible to terrorist attacks and whether the plant is worth the high cost of funding .
All these critiques are against the funding and development of nuclear power plants .
I however , strongly support further research and development funding of nuclear reactor plants .
This is because nuclear reactor plants have many advantages such as being able to produce both hydrogen fuel and a large amount of electricity from small amount of fuel , at the same time .
Ever since the 9/11 incident , protection of nuclear plants has been a heightened national priority.Yet , some anti-terror experts commented that the current criteria does not require the plant to be protected by a threat equally posed by the 9/11 hijackers .
A report released by the Government Accountability Office even mentioned that it is critical of the Nuclear Regulatory Commission ( NRC ) , finding that it has not increased standards enough to ensure plants are genuinely secure , but only as much as industry officials believed was necessary .
One solution would be the " Design Basis Threat " ( DBT ) which specifies the severity of the attacks that has to be prepared for .
NRC requires each nuclear plant to periodically conduct security exercises to test its ability to fight against the DBT .
" par.9 ) In conclusion , the security of the plant is now sufficient to repel off terrorists and therefore the funding of nuclear power plants should be supported .
The high cost of the funding for the development of nuclear plants , is also met with much public discontentment .
In the USA , since its beginning , nuclear power has cost this country over $ 492 , 000 , 000 , 000 , which is nearly twice the cost of the Vietnam War and the Apollo Moon Missions combined .
No other industry has enjoyed such privilege .
" par.3 ) The high cost of nuclear plants is transferred to the citizens thus they have to pay more on utilities .
Hence they rejected the idea of funding nuclear plants .
On the other hand , many beg to differ .
Therefore , nuclear power actually costs about the same as coal .
" ) This means that the nuclear energy can be charged at an affordable price that is competitive with coal and gas .
Also , nuclear energy though expensive , can be produced in abundance to meet the ever increasing demand for energy .
In short , nuclear power plants should be funded as the benefits of it outweighs the shortcomings , such as the high cost .
After the Chernobyl and Three Mile Island nuclear accident , which took away many innocent lives due to the explosion as well as exposure to excessive radiation , people are now very concerned on the safety of the nuclear plant .
In Texas , the citizens have again succeeded in opposing against the development of two proposed nuclear reactors at the South Texas Project .
The opposition came about as the citizens are fearful that the environmental effects of radioactive compounds may lead to health problems when contamination or leakage was to occur .
( " Citizens Gain Ground in STP Intervention over Water Concerns Atomic Safety and Licensing Board Panel Admits Four Additional Water Related Contentions for a Hearing " ) However , there is evidence to support that the safety aspect of nuclear plants are up to mark .
According to the World Association of Nuclear Operators ( WANO ) ,the performance indicators showed that the U.S. nuclear plants managed to sustain a high levels of achievement in safety performance , industrial safety , unplanned automatic reactor shutdowns and programs to protect workers from radioactive exposure .
In conclusion , I support the notion of the research and development of nuclear power plants .
Even though there may be problems and public opposition along the way , but by bearing in mind three main factors namely : the benefits of nuclear energy , the importance of a strong defence and most importantly , the importance of having a set of safety protocols , we are able to push the development of nuclear power to greater heights .
The world can expect the number of nuclear power plants to double by 2050 spreading across the Middle East and Southeast Asia , particularly in China , India , South Korea , and Japan ( Butler , 2004 ) .
In 2008 , Kaplan ( 2008 ) reported that more than 40 developing countries have expressed their interest to the United Nations officials in launching nuclear power programs .
Some argue that it is too costly to build and that they should adopt other renewable energies rather than nuclear power ( Totty , 2008 ) , while others argue that developing countries do not have enough skilled labours to cope with the demanding needs of building and operating nuclear reactors ( Squassoni , 2009 ) .
Although there is much opposition to the idea of building nuclear reactors in developing countries , there is some evidence that building nuclear reactors , such as the Generation IV reactors , yields positive outcomes to the countries .
Although proponents of nuclear reactors agree with the fact that the reactors are expensive to construct , they argue that it is comparatively inexpensive to operate because nuclear fuel accounts for only 27 % of the variable cost of a kilowatt-hour as compared to other alternatives like natural gas which accounts for 85 % .
Alternatively , the Nobel Peace Prize laureate , Mohamed ElBaradei , proposed that these countries could construct hundreds of small-scale plants for a single town ; each one built using a fraction of the cost used for a large-scale plant and without using expensive power grid ( Bullis , 2005 ) .
Despite the fact that studies show the use of solar and wind energy are more economical than nuclear energy , it completely ignores the limitations of these energies in producing electricity for the decades ahead ( Healthy Environment Alliance [ HEAL ] , n.d. ) .
Moreover , solar power is limited to daylight hours and that there is no continuous supply of wind .
The International Energy Agency ( IEA ) forecasts that , even with continued subsidy and research , and a landscape full of solar panels and windmills , these renewable energies can generate only about 6 % of the world electricity by 2030 ( Silverio , 2008 ) .
As a result , opponents maintained that building nuclear reactors would not address the problem of unemployment ( Squassoni , 2009 ) .
In summary , developing countries should develop the nuclear reactors for several reasons .
In addition , new design of reactor will only be approved if it presents a relatively lower construction costs .
Moreover , if developing countries have insufficient funds , they can approach AEHI for financial and labour support but an alternative way would be building smaller-scale plants without the need to use costly power grid and thus , incurring lower costs .
Besides that , developing countries like China and India have sufficient high-skilled workers to contribute to the nuclear industry and the unemployment rate can also be reduced as approximately 2400 jobs are made available in each new plant .
Therefore , in my opinion , developing countries should first provide huge funding to build generation IV reactors in order to combat unemployment and poverty in the rural areas .
According to Butler , 2009 ; butler states in his article that researchers have been pondering on the decision to use the nuclear funding for the development of generation ( IV ) reactors , which are projected to be better than the current generation ( II ) and ( III ) reactors , or retain the nuclear funding for existing generation ( II ) and ( III ) reactors .
Moreover , for the generation ( IV ) reactors , there is a debate to channel the funds for the research of SuperCritical water reactors ( SCWR ) , which is claimed by scientists that it would benefit mankind more in most aspects considered like cost and efficiency than the other five generation ( IV ) reactors .
Although there are reasons that seem to support the funding of the SCWR , the development of the SCWR should not be funded as there are other factors like economic and social feasibility to consider before we can conclude that the funding for the development of SCWR should be approved .
One of the many reasons given to support the claim for SCWR funding is that SCWR is the combination of two proven technologies which are Light water moderated reactors ( LWRs ) and supercritical-water fossil plants ( Buoniorno , 2002 ) .
Hence , Supporters of SCWR claim that SCWR would have a reduced capital cost as a result of plant simplification and high thermal efficiency .
Although I concur with their view , they had overlooked the problem of SCWR being capable of reaching the commercialization process of an innovation ( Rogers , 2003 ) .
The likelihood of SCWR reaching the commercialization process is low because , even though SCWR is the combination of two proven technologies , research is still required to merge the two technologies together .
Furthermore , the simplification of SCWR involves the usage of materials that are either expensive , rare , or do not exist ( Absolute astronomy , 2009 ) .
This reinforces the possibility that the SCWR can not enter the commercialization stage of innovation , proving that there should not be funding for the development of SCWR .
Another reason proponents give is SCWR uses water which is cheap and easily obtainable as a coolant ( Butler , 2009 ) .
In addition , supporters of SCWR also state that SCWR take up less space than current Generation ( II ) and ( III ) Reactors ( MacDonald , 2003 ) .
I have to acquiesce to the two points raised by the followers of SCWR .
However , these two arguments brought up by the opposition did not consider that both water and space are vital to mankind .
Although , water is easily obtained and affordable , opponents failed to recognize that only 1 % out of the 97 % water available is usable ( West , 2007 ) .
This implies that funding should not be channeled for the development of SCWR .
Instead , funds could be directed to the development of Very High Temperature Reactor ( VHTR ) which utilizes helium which is not important for human survival as helium is not found in human body ( the encyclopedia of earth , 2008 ) .
Second , although the land required to build the SCWR is less than the existing reactors , the area needed to build new SCWR would be better utilized as area for agriculture especially in the future .
In the year 2050 , it is projected that there could be 9.2 billion people in the world ( BBC , 2009 ) .
Therefore , there should not be funding for the development of SCWR as SCWR utilizes two key ingredients for human survival .
The last reason that advocates for funding of the development of SCWR provide is the building of SCWR that could generate excellent jobs for the society ( Nuclear Energy Institute , 2009 ) .
According to Nuclear Energy Institute , it is stated that operation of a nuclear plant generates 400 to 700 permanent jobs and these jobs offer a salary that is 36 percent higher than average jobs .
Although the statement made by the opponents is valid and beneficial to society , they once again ignore the fact that after the completion of the construction of a nuclear plant , there would be job losses involved .
During the construction of a new nuclear plant around 1400 to as high as 2400 jobs is created .
This indicates that a job loss of around 1500 is incurred .
Furthermore , the 400 to 700 jobs require personals that are highly skilled which developing countries are unlikely to supply .
Therefore , the validity of generating excellent jobs requires to be redefined .
After considering both sides of the arguments , it is evident that there should not be funding for the development of SCWR as there are more shortcomings than the yields .
First is that the funding for the development of SCWR can be channeled to more pressing issues like eliminating poverty and food shortage .
Next , the possibility of SCWR surviving the commercialization stage is low .
Lastly , the benefits that the researchers had predicted are not totally beneficial to human .
Therefore , indicating that there should not be funding for SCWR .
Thirdly , for most people 's impression , nuclear energy is way too expensive for the unworthy efficiency .
Even a small amount of uranium ( the main source of nuclear energy ) , it will generate a mass energy to run nuclear power plants .
All-time high efficiency will greatly reduce cost and time which satisfy the demands of the people .
Nowadays , there are around 440 nuclear power reactors generating one-sixth of the electricity of the world .
It is a proven success in generating energy and it is worthy to invest into such a technology for the sake of the future energy demand .
Subsequently , various groups of experts from the nuclear and chemical industry investigated into this case , and some of them came into a conclusion that the most essential way to prevent such catastrophe from happening again lied in the enhancement of psychological education to people ; whereas the others opposed that the main problem was actually the design failures of the plant , and the prevention could hardly be simply regarded as a psychological issue .
Those experts , who were against of the psychological point of view , further claimed that even though the human factors were all amended through psychological approaches , possible accident still stands a chance of happening .
They concluded that the actual primary causes of the 1986 accident were nothing but the engineering factors , and permanent avoidance of such accidents could only be achieved through more advanced technology development .
According to the author of 'Psychology and design process ' ( Wilpert , 2007 ) , he regards the human minds ' deficiencies as the basic reason of an accident .
He thought that disastrous consequences could be avoided or at least minimized with the help of psychological education , and if psychological aids were provided through out the whole engineering progress , during item processing , structure designing , team managing , and even decision making , the Chernobyl disaster could be essentially avoided .
In my point of view , I am supportive to the idea that human factors ' impacts overwhelm any other factors in this accident .
The report ( the International Nuclear Safety Advisory Group , 1992 ) by the International Nuclear Safety Advisory Group ( INSAG ) states that three components of reactor protection , which referred to Emergency Core Cooling System ( ECCS ) , trip on steam drum water level , and the 'two turbine ' trip had been disabled .
Those disabling were not prohibited in the document under normal procedure , but it was a test on that day , and thus special approval should have been asked .
In addition , the required test power level had not been achieved , and the reactor was operated only at half power then .
Moreover , whenever a deficiency in engineering process occurs , thus in a case when the engineering process is unable to perform according to the plan , the whole should be ceased immediately for a thorough re-evaluation .
However , in 1986 Chernobyl , the operators did not stop but to modify the condition at the spot ( the International Nuclear Safety Advisory Group , 1992 ) .
In sum , psychological aids are urgently demanded to educate high-risk-system operational teams in a large scale , for calling up their attention to safety operation .
The disaster could be totally avoided if at least one of the operators had a sense of safety operation .
Secondly , the design faults of the reactor accounts for a considerable proportion of the causes of the accident .
For example , the void coefficient of reactivity was positive , while the value should be negative in the document to make sure the system 's stability .
And also , the speed of insertion of emergency protection was too slow , to be specific , it was ten times slower than the normal configuration .
Some people argue that those design errors revealed immature techniques , and thus there is no way to avoid such mistakes by means of psychological education .
Therefore , they believe that even though 'work scientist ' could probably remove human factors psychologically , the hardware technical problems would still trigger similar accidents by themselves .
I have to grant the truth that sometimes , faults of technical factors devalue and constraint psychological education effectiveness , however , the engineering deficiencies in this case are actually design errors ; in other words , they are probably manual errors due to carelessness or misses of considerations .
The use of psychology provides an approach to open the designer this 'black box ' , or at least fraction of the box , so that we can see what goes on in designers ' heads , and thus prevent or at least minimize the design errors ( Wilpert , 2007 ) .
Last but not least , the political decision is another primary factor we can not ignore .
The political conflict , military tension , and economic competition with the United States urged the Soviet Union to produce weapons-grade plutonium as much as possible and also as soon as possible ( FROT , 2000 ) .
In that political environment , the safety issues tended to be ignored ; to make it worse , rigorous demands such as large amount of order , short period of production and low budget of costs were given priority .
Such political circumstances changed the nature of design process , and consequently , loosen the safety regulations .
In this case , psychological aid is highly in demand to awake decision maker to concern about safety first instead of pursuing political advantages .
Based on my reasoning of Chernobyl Accident , it is evident that the disaster was totally the result of a series of human factors instead of purely hardware fault .
In recognizing the three main problems as the operators ' unawareness , designers ' misses of considerations and politicians ' arbitrariness , the aid of psychology should be highly appreciated as an efficient way to minimize the human errors , and thus to prevent such accident from happening again .
With the increasing demand of energy and the rapid depletion of currently available energy resources , nations are now trying to look for new , alternative ways of energy generation .
Presently , thirteen countries have come together to set goals on nuclear energy generation research on six reactor designs ; namely gas-cooled fast reactor , lead-cooled fast reactor , sodium-cooled reactor , molten salt reactor , supercritical-water-cooled reactor and very-high-temperature reactor .
The conceptual design of the VHTR will be the first to be defined and optimized by the year 2015 ( OECD Nuclear Energy Agency , 2009 ) , while LFR is , judging from the existing schemes , more feasible because of its low costs and good security features .
In comparison with the VHTR , I feel LFR has more advantages and a better reactor design and thus deserves greater research .
Both LFR and VHTR have their advantages and disadvantages over the other in terms of performance .
The VHTR will be operating at temperatures 900 to 1000 degree Celsius .
This high outlet temperature allows it to have high efficiency ( > 50 % ) electrical generation and also gives it the ability to produce hydrogen ( OECD Nuclear Energy Agency , 2009 ) .
Even though LFR is estimated to have a comparatively lower efficiency in energy generation than VHTR ( Chapin , et al. , 2004 ) , it is more suitable in certain countries due to its flexibility in its scale of operation .
Currently , the reactor is envisioned to have 2 sizes : a small transportable system of 50 to 150 MWe and a medium system of 300 to 600 MWe .
( OECD Nuclear Energy Agency , 2009 ) The small system design will be useful for providing energy for developing countries and remote communities due to its size .
( Idaho National Laboratory , 2007 ) Also , researches have shown that LFR will also be able to generate hydrogen ( Bouchard , et al , 2008 ) .
Hence , it is evident that though LFR is predicted to be poorer in terms of efficiency as compared to VHTR , LFR seems more useful and suitable for many countries due to its other features .
For VHTR , the projected cost of building a prototype of the reactor is around $ 1.1 billion ( Butler , 2004 , May 20 ) .
Also , the reactor will be using helium as coolant which is costly as helium is a rare gas in the atmosphere .
On the other hand , it is roughly estimated that the smaller plant of LFR can be designed , constructed and operated for 15 years for less than $ 700 million .
In addition , the development of small LFR will incur smaller research and demonstration costs , since the technology base can be applied to later LFR concepts on building larger reactors .
( Idaho National Laboratory , 2007 ) On the whole , it seems that lead-cooled fast reactors are much cheaper to build than VHTR .
Lastly , the LFR 's operation methods seem safer and more secure than the VHTR .
At such high temperatures , there is higher possibility of a dangerous melt-down of the reactor .
Also , the amount of nuclear waste that will be generated is greater than that generated by the LFR ( OECD Nuclear Energy Agency , 2009 ) .
For LFR , the chance of a melt-down of reactor will be far lower as the operating temperature is only around 550 degrees Celsius ( OECD Nuclear Energy Agency , 2009 ) .
Also , as its fuel cycle is closed , there is no need for offsite emergency response - the system will shut down without spreading radioactive materials .
Therefore , LFR seems a safer reactor as compared to VHTR .
Hence , there are still uncertainties in the features of the reactors ; it is not certain that LFR will still have these advantages over VHTR after the completion of designs of the plants .
However , from the theoretical point of view , after looking at the advantages LFR has over VHTR in theory , I believe that LFR will be a better reactor than VHTR with its predicted flexibility in its scale of operation , low cost and better security .
Hence , more funds should be allocated towards the research of LFR .
Within the past half century , two major accidents at the Chernobyl and the Three Mile Island nuclear power plants had caused the public to have a negative view on the operation of nuclear reactors and also , the future of nuclear energy generation .
Presently , the most common energy source , which is the coal-fired power generation , has been causing detrimental effects on the environment by releasing tremendous amounts of greenhouse gases ; and subsequently , causing rise to global warming .
In 2001 , the Generation IV International Forum has introduced six different generation IV nuclear reactor concepts which have been designed in such a way that when accidents occur , the damage will be contained ( Butler , 2004 ) .
This accident , especially , had caused many to disagree with the nuclear power system as they feel that the extent of damage incurred is massive and unacceptable .
For example , the accident which occurred at the Three Mile Island did not involve any deaths or injuries as the radioactive particles were successfully contained within the reactor itself ( Yousefzadeh , 2007 ) .
This simply shows that with advanced technology , even though an accident-free nuclear plant may never be achieved , at least the technology incorporated into the reactor system would be able to ensure that radiation is contained in times of accident .
Hence , with more funding directed towards the research and development of LFR , it may one day become one of the safest forms of energy generation .
Critics also claim that nuclear power plants and nuclear waste can be potential terrorist targets as a great extent of damage can be done when the plants are being attacked or exploited .
Another factor to be considered is the sustainability of LFR .
Critics of nuclear energy claim that nuclear energy generation produces a large amount of radioactive waste products ; and eventually , storage spaces will run out , making nuclear energy unsustainable .
With this reprocessing feature in LFRs , uranium and plutonium , which makes up 96 % of the nuclear waste , can be extricated and reused in the reactor ( Butler , 2004 ) .
In addition , nuclear reprocessing also increases the efficiency of the usage of uranium and hence , makes nuclear power a sustainable source of energy .
Moreover , lead is abundant ( " The Lead-cooled Fast Reactor , n.d. ) , and uranium resources can last us for the next 250 years or so ( Wider et al. , 2005 ) ; making LFR an excellent reactor in terms of sustainability .
In conclusion , LFR has much to offer to mankind especially in terms of safety , security , sustainability as well as environmental effects .
LFR is a nuclear energy reactor that is environmentally friendly with zero greenhouse gas emission .
The public has been concerned about the danger of radiation leaks from nuclear plants , especially after the Chernobyl incident in 1986 where the massive radiation exposure caused approximately 50 deaths directly ( WHO , 2005 ) .
The US administration though , recognizes the potential of nuclear energy and has committed US $ 40 million to support Research & Development ( R&D ) for Next Generation Nuclear Plants ( NGNPs ) ( DOE , 2009 ) .
The very-high-temperature-reactor ( VHTR ) , with its operating experience and the extensive R&D conducted on it , has been selected over other reactor concepts such as the supercritical-water-cooled-reactor ( SCWR ) as the reactor choice for the US next generation nuclear power plants ( DOE , 2008 ) .
Federal funding should be channeled for the VHTR concept as it promises enhanced safety and inherent security designs , in addition to a highly efficient production process .
The slow but fatal effects of radiation have made radiation leak from nuclear reactors a major safety concern among the public .
The inert nature of helium means it will not react with the radioactive materials of the VHTR and become radioactive , eliminating a source of radiation in the event of a coolant leak ( CHM333 , 2007 ) .
Another safety feature of VHTR is the use of uranium fuel pellets multi-coated with graphite .
These reinforced pellets are extremely heat resistant and do not crack easily , so even in a case of a meltdown , the uranium pellets will be able to retain the radiation and fission products within its core with minimal release to the surroundings ( CHM333 , 2007 ) .
In addition , unlike traditional reactors , the VHTR is designed to minimize fissionable material in its spent fuel by running the fuel pellets through the reactors for consecutive cycles till its fissionable material is exhausted .
However , NGNPs are not only capable of generating electricity like coal and gas power plants ; they can also simultaneously produce hydrogen ( GIF , 2008 ) .
Hydrogen fuel cells have been identified as the energy source of the future , thus the capability to produce hydrogen gives NGNPs an edge over existing coal and gas plants .
Moreover , the high operating temperature of VHTR also results in higher fuel burn-up ratio of the fissionable materials in the uranium pellets ( DOE , 2008 ) .
With its highly efficient fuel burn-up , NGNPs will have a lower carbon footprint than coal and gas technology and at the same time , lesser radioactive material remaining in the spent pellets reduces the amount of radioactive waste to be treated , improving the overall process economy .
However , additional funding for VHTR will only be available if both the US government and public can be convinced about the viability of NGNPs replacing coal and gas power plants as the main supplier of US electricity .
To achieve this , the VHTR has to stay on track through sustained R&D work in the coming years so that it can meet its expected delivery deadline on 2020 ( Butler , 2004 ) .
The world encounters an unprecedented challenge which requires urgent global action to prevent the risks of climate change ( Stern , 2008 ) .
To do so , the global green house gas has to be reduced by half relative to 1990 by 2050 , which means to reduce to less than 10 Gigatonnes of emissions ( Stern , 2008 ) .
Many countries rely on fossil fuels as their source of energy and fossil fuel is known to be the major contributor to the green house gases .
In the United States alone , greenhouse gas emissions are mainly contributed by the burning of fossil fuels for energy use .
Energy- related carbon dioxide emissions from the combustion of petroleum , coal , and natural gas had contributed to eighty-two percent of total U.S. anthropogenic greenhouse gas emissions in 2006 ( Energy Information Administration , 2008 ) .
By using the very high temperature reactor ( VHTR ) , hydrogen can be used as the fuel of the future replacing the fossil fuels .
In addition , more electricity is being produced with the help of the VHTR .
Therefore , for a better environment to live in , countries should support further research and provide large funding for the development even though the public is concerned with the cost and security of the VHTR .
VHTR plants are able to produce hydrogen for fuel using high-temperature steam electrolysis , which breaks apart the bonds of water molecules ; this process is 50 percent more energy-efficient as compared to the existing hydrogen production methods ( Svoboda , 2009 ) .
Till now , there is still no material that can withstand the high temperatures and pressures , and even if such materials are found , they might incur millions of dollars to the still- unknown cost of constructing a VHTR power plant ( Svoboda , 2009 ) .
They will be the greater part of global emissions and so they need to be involved in achieving global emission reductions .
1.6 billion people in the developing countries do not have excess to electricity and they have to end their day earlier than those in richer countries due to lack of proper lighting ( Bradley , 2009 ) .
With VHTR , developing countries will be able to meet their energy demand and will thus lift millions of people out of poverty .
Therefore , similar to those rich countries , developing countries should also provide funding to the development of VHTR .
In addition , INL researchers also believe that nuclear will be important in maintaining the nation 's electricity as it must be supplied at a constant rate despite the variable supplies from the sun and wind ( Svoboda , 2009 ) .
However , given memories of the partial reactor meltdown in 1979 at Three Mile Island , Pennsylvania and of 1986 accident at Chernobyl in Ukraine , during which the reactor core exploded , killing some 31 people instantly and spreading radioactive debris across Europe ( Butler , 2004 ) , the public is concerned about the safety of the VHTR .
In contrast , VHTR is able to function without having to rely on the reprocessing of plutonium waste ( Butler , 2004 ) .
Nuclear reactors would then become less of terrorist target .
VHTR also has safety features to prevent core overheating and the release of radioactive material , in hope that these new approaches will eventually erase the memory of Three Mile Island and Chernobyl ( Svoboda , 2009 ) .
Therefore , countries should provide funding for research purposes and also development of the VHTR .
Building of VHTR means that countries will no longer need to depend on fossil fuels for source of energy and the emission of greenhouse gases will also be greatly reduced .
Generating sufficient hydrogen to totally substitute gasoline for the United States transport purposes would mean to build more than four hundred nuclear power plants , each producing a gigawatt ( Butler , 2004 ) .
It is evident that the countries should go ahead with the research and development of VHTR .
Developing countries should also invest in the development of VHTR as satisfying their energy demand is essential for their economic growth .
Nevertheless , the public , referring to the entire world population , has always been concerned about the safety and security issues of these nuclear reactors .
Thus , researchers came out with generation four reactors concepts hoping to ease the public 's worries .
I personally support the molten salt reactor concept for further research and development based on the following factors , safe operation of the plant , global security and the cost efficiency .
Radioactive emission can be from nuclear explosion or nuclear waste .
An explosion of the nuclear reactor not only affects the people in them but also millions of others kilometres away .
Explosion of the nuclear reactor during operation is due to either high temperature or high pressure .
Nevertheless , Forsberg ( 2006 ) stated that the MSR has a strong negative temperature coefficient .
Thus when there is an increase in temperatures , the fuel-salt density will reduce and push fuel out of the reactor core into critically safe , passively cooled tanks .
This will prevent overheating which leads to explosion .
According to Forsberg ( 2006 ) , the final nuclear waste from the molten salt reactor can be solidified to a stable form thus ensuring that it does not emit radioactivity .
He also added that MSRs operate at steady-state condition , with minimum excess nuclear reactivity .
Besides safety issues , security of the nuclear reactors is another point brought up by opposition .
The existence of nuclear reactors provides the terrorists an ideal bombing location .
Plus , in molten salt reactor , plutonium , a key ingredient of advanced nuclear weapons , is actually created during the process before it is being reprocessed .
Opposition feared that the plutonium might be stolen by terrorists to make nuclear weapons .
However , Idaho National Laboratory ( 2005 ) claimed that the plutonium content remained in the salt and has high critical mass that makes it less desirable to be used in weapons .
According to Butler ( 2004 ) , supporters are also positive that plutonium obtained could be spiked with other chemicals or elements to make it too hot to steal .
This further supports the need for research and development on molten salt reactor .
As for the risk of malign intent , World Nuclear Association ( 2008 ) stated that the basis of the design of the reactors assumed these threats .
Having to incorporate all the safety and security measures , the cost efficiency of the nuclear power plant is naturally another concern .
World nuclear association ( 2009 ) stated that the cost of nuclear power generation has declined since 1990s .
They also show statistics proving that , although the construction cost of nuclear reactors are significantly higher , once the reactors are built , the nuclear generation cost is comparable to other energy sources .
In addition , Thornley ( 2009 ) claimed that , as compared to other energy sources , that the nuclear energy has the highest average capacity factor .
Taking MSR as an example , previous design for MSR used steam cycle for electrical production .
Current proposal uses the Brayton cycle which has advantages such as lower cost and improved efficiency .
However , the MSR uses fluoride salt , which is more corrosive and high temperature .
Thus , there are doubts on whether MSR is a good choice .
Nevertheless , currently there is the carbon-based material which according to Forsberg ( 2006 ) is compatible with molten salt at high temperature .
In conclusion , I have to agree that the molten salt reactor is not perfect , however the benefits of the molten salt reactors outweighed the cons and supporters are optimistic in finding solutions to the problems , showing its potential .
Thus I support the molten salt reactor to undergo further research and development .
A serious train calamity took place in Eschede on 3 June 1998 and claimed the lives of 101 innocent people while 88 were left severely injured ( David S. , 1998 ) .
With hindsight , it seemed that this whole accident could have been prevented if more precautionary measures had been taken into consideration .
The numerous controversies on the actual cause of this accident were the unsuitable design of the wheel , the inability and misconception of the conductor , the inadequate train repairs and the company guidelines to investigate before addressing an issue .
After reviewing this accident , some experts may feel that incorporating a psychologist into the developmental process could aid in preventing it .
Nevertheless , the psychologist could have contributed to the design process by reducing the rate of accidents occurring .
A point to argue would be regarding the wheel design .
The train company , InterCity Expss ( ICE ) , had received complaints regarding the original train wheels causing serious resonance and tremor whilst travelling at high velocity .
It is evident that had the engineers waited for the approval of the new wheels before its implementation , this accident might not have happened .
Company policy stated that thorough examinations had to be done before taking necessary action .
This led to the conductor refusing to brake the train even after a passenger raised concern regarding a damaged coach .
Even after the conductor had verified the problem , he still outright refused to stop the train and insisted to adhere to company regulations .
It is shocking to realize that this unique policy that ICE complies to differs from the traditional 'stop and examine ' one .
This accident could perhaps be averted if the conductor had used his personal judgment and halted the train when an unexpected problem was discovered .
It must have been pressure from the organizational management that made the conductor follow ICE orders and refuse to do what is right i.e .
On part , it can be said that the cause of the accident is ICE for forming this rule and the conductor 's erroneous judgment .
After conducting a root cause analysis on the accident , a psychologist could perhaps aid the company by vetting the flawed regulations to grant train conductors the power to make an assessment to stop the train should he receive any complaints from passengers .
Yet another point is due to a simple fault found in the train 's wheel .
This proved that checks were only on the external structure of the train and not on the internal hardware and sustainability of the wheels to support the train 's weight .
The aid from a psychologist in this aspect is limited as it deals with technical equipment and the views of psychology design can not be implemented in this field .
Instead , it should be various factors working together to create a chain reaction which led to the dire consequences .
From this train accident , factors begin from the preliminary wheel design that design engineers came up with , to the insufficient maintenance of trains and the operation mode ICE uses .
The aid from a psychologist is inadequate in avoiding the accident as the majority of the causes for this accident deals with technical related aspects that psychologists do not have experience in .
However , the psychologist can contribute to the intangible aspects of the company 's routine like spotting the mistakes engineers sometimes overlook .
With the help of psychology design , the rates of accidents may reduce drastically .
Public opposition regarding the issue of nuclear technology has been evident ever since the Chernobyl and Three Mile accident .
People were mostly concerned about public health and safety caused by radioactive exposures .
Unfortunately , incomplete combustion of uranium fuel comprises high up to 99 % .
In addition , nuclear wastes repositories require geological isolation over in areas like Yucca Mountain .
On the other hand , the concept of fourth generation nuclear power addresses the issue of involving complete combustion in uranium fuel .
They are capable of combusting nuclear waste that leaves a minimal volume of waste with insignificant half-lives , thus addressing the nuclear waste problem .
The coolant comprises of a molten salt .
The concepts of MSR involve nuclear fuel dissolved in the molten fluoride salt as uranium tetra fluoride .
Thus , MSR have the ability to work at high temperatures , low-pressure operation and at high power density .
At higher temperatures , most of the reactor heat is then able to transformed into electricity because it ensures complete combustion of the uranium fuel .
Operating at lower pressures reduces accident risk unlike with the current LWR and fission products have better retention in the event of an accident .
The MSR is able to be air-cooled , making it capable of using waste heat for water desalination .
The turbines have also excellent thermodynamic efficiency due to the relatively high temperature .
Fission products are removed and new fuel is added to portions of the fuel at a time , drastically reducing the cost of operation of the MSR .
The Obama campaign initially opposed to the idea of the Yucca Mountain nuclear repository .
The amount of money needed to build a nuclear repository isolated away from civilization , cost up to $ 25billion .
There are better methods of using this sum of money collected from taxes from its people to solve waste disposal problem .
Accelerated development of MSRs will result in the US to successfully tackle nuclear waste problem and revolutionize an entire new level of carbon-free energy that can last longer than just centuries .
Furthermore , MSRs are up to 300 times more fuel-efficient compared to the LWRs .
It actually provides a bit more than what most scientists expect from fusion as an MSR can be built in small 1.2MW electric units .
A 7.4 MW thermal reactor was built in the 1960s and operated for years , proving the concept .
MSRs is also much more efficient than a helium-cooled Very High Temperature Reactor ( VHTR ) operating at similar conditions , in terms of electricity conversion .
Materials used for these reactors require high dimensional stability and most importantly corrosion-resistant , due to the molten salt of MSRs being corrosive itself .
Some materials that fit the bill include nickel-base super alloys , silicon carbide , specific grades of graphite and refractory alloys , are expensive in nature .
Hence , the cost of operation will not be price-friendly as claimed .
Nevertheless , introduction of MSRs still deserve strong support as they prove to be the best solution for improving energy efficiency and developing renewable energies .
Prompt development of MSRs is especially required for rising countries such as China and India .
These countries are unable to satisfy their energy needs with solely just based on the available avenues for energy sources currently .
In conclusion , fourth generation nuclear energy is the best substitution for coal and natural gas .
We have already crossed the thresh hold of acceptable greenhouse gases emission levels .
Thus , preventing accelerated climate change beyond human control is of greatest priority .
According to a study done by the Sunssex Energy Group based in the University of Sussex , the world 's fossil fuel supply is currently dwindling and will be running out within the next 20 years ( Emily Walker ) .
Moreover , the increasing emission of carbon dioxide from the burning of fossil fuel was proven to be one of the factors in causing climate change ( Jager ) .
However , there remains doubt on the safety of nuclear reactors ' operation and hence , public might not fully accept the concept of nuclear reactor .
In order to make the nuclear reactor safer , cleaner and cheaper , the Generation IV International Forum ( GIF ) was established in mid 2001 for further research on the III generation nuclear reactor .
In the late of 2002 GIF announced the six best reactor technologies which they believe that will become the futures nuclear reactors .
The six technologies are very high Temperature Reactor ( VTHR ) , Super-Critical Water-Cooled ( SCWR ) , Molten Salt Reactor ( MSR ) , Gas-Cooled Fast Reactor ( GFR ) , Sodium-Cooled Fast Reactor ( SFR ) , and Lead- Cooled Fast Reactor ( LFR ) .
The below few paragraphs are explained why you should support further research and development on the super-critical water-cooled reactor ( SCRW ) in term of safety , security and performance .
First of all is the safety of the super-critical water-cooled reactor ( SCWR ) .
The working temperature is about 510-550K and pressure is 25MPa ( Butler , D ) .There is many people will feel shocking with the high operating temperature and pressure of this reactor .
They will argue that pressure vessel wall can not withstand such a high pressure and the high working temperature will melt the core .
They worry SCWR will replay the accidents in the Three Mile Island March 28 , 1979 and the Chernobyl on April 26 , 1986 ( " Nuclear Disasters and Accidents " ) .
However , the growth of the technology modern SCWR was designed with the pressure-tube design .
The success of this design was eliminated the need of a thick wall vessel and minimize the risks of explosion of nuclear reactors .
Furthermore , in this design the separation of coolant and moderator was introduction of a passive heat-removal system to minimize the consequences during accident scenarios where active cooling maybe not be available .
Decay heat was removed through radiation and convection from distributed channels during accidents , and consequently preventing fuel melting in the core .
As a result , this design improved the safety of the SCWR .
Secondly , are the security issues or known as proliferation .
Nuclear power leads to potential security risk , plutonium have to be separated out during reprocessing cycle of nuclear .
Although U.S.A was decided to dump all the plutonium waste to the Yucca Mountain , they never mention the level of safety that can be achieved .
Consequently , public claims that nuclear power wastes create a high degree of proliferation risks and until today there is no solution on it .
Among the six technologies in the IV generation of nuclear power only SCWR and VTHR no required waste recycling .
In the super-critical water-cooled reactor ( SCWR ) system the waste recycling was optional , which means that SCWR can operate without having to depend on the contentious reprocessing of plutonium waste ( Butler , D. ) .
In conclusion , this technology was independent with the proliferation risks .
SCWR consider one of the most promising future nuclear reactors because of the high thermal efficiency .
The use of multi-pass flows system in the SCWR allows the production of process heat on demand and improves the thermal efficiency .
Moreover , the distributed fuel channels in the SCWR allow the system optimized fuel bundles into each channel .
Thus , an appropriate fuel cycle , flow , cladding temperature and power distributes independently can be achieved , this ensures the stability and predictable performance of the reactors .
In conclusion , super-critical water-cooled reactor ( SCWR ) was proven that it is cleaner , safer and having higher performance as compare with the generation III nuclear reactor .
On the other hand , to reduce the emission of carbon dioxide during the burning fossil fuel we should now support super-critical water reactor ( SCWR ) for further research and development .
Super- critical water-cooled reactor is the best future reactor to generate sufficient energy to fulfill the need of energy from public .
Commercial plants in use today use nuclear fission reactions , which is a result of a large molecule breaking into its smaller fragments .
Nuclear fusion reactions are believed to be much safer than fission and appear potentially viable , though technically it is difficult to take place .
The atomic bombs dropped on the island of Hiroshima and Nagasaki in Japan during the Second World War and Chernobyl Nuclear plant that caused two explosions in 1986 have raised eyebrows about the devastating effects of nuclear energy .
The Chernobyl disaster , especially , exposed millions of people to radioactive chemicals and has been linked to many forms of cancer in Eastern Europe and Russia , as well as destroying animals and plants .
These two incidents have highlighted the power of nuclear energy , which has caused so much controversy as to whether it has become a liability or a source of energy to the world .
In this way , nuclear power has become an independent source of energy to meet the rising demand of a country and an increasingly growing global population .
These new plants would operate at high temperatures to improve their efficiency and they would include simplified safety features that rely on non sophisticated back up systems to eradicate any problems .
As much as there are many positive reasons to use nuclear power , many people still have their doubts about this source of energy , mainly due to the fact that they remembered the infamous Chernobyl incident and the atomic bombs of World War Two .
The consequences of an accident would be absolutely devastating for both humans and nature , as in the past .
No atomic energy plant in the world could withstand an attack similar to the infamous 9/11 .
Nuclear energy uses Uranium as a form of energy , which is a scarce resource .
Theoretically , the supply of Uranium is expected to last for about 50-60 years .
It is a unique blend of technical , economical , political and military interest .
Nowadays , the nuclear power is being discussed frequently .
It is a new energy source and has a lot of potential to be discovered and explored .
According to Declan Butler ( 2004 ) , nuclear power will not release the green house gas-carbon dioxide which is now soaring , and global energy demands are predicted to double by 2050 , therefore the nuclear option is now having great potential to be developed .
However , in the nuclear power plants , during the process there are many uncertainties regarding the safety issues .
Many accidents and tragedies happened .
Studies ( Recently in Nuclear Accidents Category , n.d. ) state that in year 2008 , there is a plutonium leak at Austrian IAEA Facility and a uranium leak at France 's Tricastin Nuclear Facility .
In year 2009 , a fire broke out in Unit 1 of Ukraine 's Rivne Nuclear Power Plant .
Although these accidents did not cause any people died , it reminded people that the nuclear power is not as safe as people think .
One system-the Emergency Response Information System ( ERIS ) is hence , figured out to enhance the safety .
When there is something happens , the system will function immediately to response to the incidents and therefore adequately save the nuclear workers and the general public .
However , from some aspects , this system still has many defects for its feasibility and performance .
To carry out ERIS , many training courses and regular exercises are essential in order to make the nuclear worker able to deal with radiation leaks or other accidents .
These essential courses and exercises will consume a lot of money to carry out .
Besides the cost for training , we still need money for introducing those advanced technology skills , modern facilities and equipment into the nuclear power plants .
It is a big amount and always need a consortium to become the backbone .
However , there are many obstacles and contradictions in finding a big consortium to become the backbone .
Hence , the ERIS becomes not feasible enough to be carried out .
In order to have quick and effective response to any nuclear emergency , this system requires a complete round-the-clock operation centre ( E.Asculai and H.E .
There must have a very close relation and contact between each stage of operation facilities of the system in order to perform well when incidents happen .
Even in the midnight , there still must have workers to monitor the system to ensure that the system is functional for 24 hours .
Besides , most of the public are ignorant and do not have much knowledge regarding this system .
In addition , government should also have good coordinate with the nuclear power plants regarding the safety issues and be very clear of what they should do with this system when accident happens .
Although this system is efficient to protect people when incidents suddenly happen , nobody can give 100 % guarantee for this system to perform well as this system consists of many operation stages and a wide range of people to monitor it .
So , what is the most efficient design to enhance the safety of nuclear power plants ?
No one can design out the most efficient system to enhance the safety .
They claimed that besides the infeasibilities due to cost and performance , this system is still very important and functional when nuclear accidents happen .
This system is believed to be the best system so far to protect the nuclear workers and public up rather than the other method such as probabilistic safety assessment because ERIS is more practical to protect people directly after incident happens .
To sum up , this emergency response information system is a good system to protect public after incident happens .
However , it has to be improved and developed more in-depth to ensure its safeness and enhance its feasibility .
The countries that are developing this nuclear power ( Only five countries-China , France , Russia , the United Kingdom and the United States ) must make good use of the nuclear power as the energy source for people 's daily use .
Therefore , design to enhance the safety of nuclear power plants becomes a long-term project of the world .
Consequently , the nuclear power source will be used by public extensively .
Mankind have been exploring for methods of obtaining high energy output to sustain the usage of energy supply for our daily lives , resulting to the expansion of energy supply industry .
However , this promise is notably associated to the technologies , the costs and the precise features , which were not yet known with high precision then .
There are various reasons leading to why expansion of nuclear power has faced problems through the years , such as the publics ' objection ( Butler , 2004 ) .
For instance , the Very-high- temperature reactors in the generation IV reactor concept ( Butler , 2004 ) , which still requires further development on safety at this stage , is rather depressing .
For instance , the Chernobyl accident is still causing deaths years after the accident , mainly dying from cancer caused by exposure to radiation from the highly radioactive waste products released after the massive steam explosion , due to system flaws , and a second non-nuclear explosion ( International Atomic Energy Agency , 2006 ) .
In a 2005 report , The Chernobyl Forum , led by the International Atomic Energy Agency and World Health Organization , attributed 56 direct deaths , and estimated over thousands more death out of the most highly exposed people .
The Three Mile Island accident is another example , which occurred due to a partial core meltdown in one of its unit ( Corey , n.d. ) .
The above examples illustrate the potential dangers of nuclear power due to the explosive and radioactive characteristics .
The radiation coming from these nuclear wastes will not only produce an instant harm , but also a long-term effect on residents in affected areas , spreading across generations .
Keeping that in mind , the gas-cooled fast reactor of the generation IV reactor concept which requires research on irradiation- resistance material , post the potential harms due to radiation .
Furthermore , the need of research on heat resistance material and security in various reactor concepts in generation IV concept is also worrying in terms of the possibilities of nuclear accidents in the future .
Secondly , arguments are that nuclear power is the best alternative because of the characteristic of not producing combustion-related air- pollutants that will lead to global warming , and the huge power supply it provides .
In addition , nuclear power uses Uranium , which is a scarce resource that is only expected to last for another 30 to 60 years , as fuel .
Therefore , Uranium will soon deplete and we will need to search for a new form of energy supply .
Thus , the huge amount of funds pumped into research and development on nuclear power , which will not support us for a long-run , is not cost-effective .
Moreover , renewable energy technologies are now expanding faster than nuclear power ( Natural Resources Defense Council , 2007 ) .
They are equally environmental-friendly and the depleting of resources for renewable energy is of no worries since the reactants are renewable .
Last of all , one of the most promising and nerve-racking reasons would be the risk of development of nuclear weapons in an era of transnational terrorism ( Gaukler , Barnett , & Rosinski , 2002 ) .
Terrorism is one of the most troubling issues happening globally in recent years .
The improvement in technologies of the nuclear power would also provide better background in handling nuclear weapons , thus , any leakage of details could result in development of nuclear weapons , which in the time of translational terrorism is almost inevitable .
It is also worrying that nuclear power plants may be the target of attack for terrorists due to its destructive nature .
With that in mind , there will be a higher risk of a nuclear warfare .
The result is disastrous .
In addition , the need of research on security in various reactor concepts of generation IV is also disturbing .
To summarize , nuclear power has various alerting security issues that could affect the well-being of our environment and health that could not be neglected despite of it numerous benefits .
In addition , there are better alternatives such as the renewable energy that will be able to support as in a long-run .
Hence , the funds pumped into development of nuclear power should be used in development of renewable resources that are more cost- effective .
In Singapore , according to the Ministry of Manpower ( 2009 ) , there are about a total number of 11000 cases of fatality and non fatality of occupational accident occur in Singapore and 60 people died in these accidents per annum .
The accident of the Nicoll Highway Collapse in year 2004 is one of the most catastrophic accidents in the construction sector of Singapore , which took away 4 lives .
According to the accident investigation report ( Ministry of Manpower , 2005 ) , it was found that the main cause of the collapse was due to underdesign of the retaining wall which could not handle the stress of holding up the tunnel .
Although some people might think that the effectiveness of psychology in preventing accident from occurring is controversial , however I believe that the use of psychology during design process can prevent this accident from occurring .
Many people think that not only the Nicoll Highway Collapse incident , but most of the major accidents were unexpected and were mainly caused by errors in human judgment .
They believe that psychology could do nothing in preventing the accident from occurring ( International Labour Organisation , 2000 ) .
However , in certain aspect accident can be prevented if psychology is introduced to these situations during the design stage .
According to Heinrich Domino theory , it is found that accident is caused by the chain reaction of a series of factor .
Moreover , " Heinrich proposes that the removal of unsafe act and unsafe conditions will prevent accident , as from his research it was found that these were the direct or immediate causes of most accident " ( Singapore Polytechnic , 2008 ) .
It had make significant enhancement in the steel- making , chemical manufacture and construction industry in preventing accident at work .
Besides that , with this Human Factors Analysis Tools ( HFAT ) , the originator has also won the Occupational Psychology Practitioner of the Year in year 2006 ( Division of Occupational Psychology , United Kingdom , n.d. ) .
Most people claim that accidents are unpreventable because a malfunction in a product is due to inadequate design that might cause accidents to occur which is beyond the control of human capability ( Wilpert , 2007 ) .
For example , the use of past accident investigation record of similar product in the studies of designing the product , or consultation of real life operators in the evaluation of the critical design phase ( Association of Independent Consultants , Inc , n.d. ) .
These could assist the engineer to experience and discover the limitation and weakness of the design and improve on it .
They may take consideration of Fixed Guard design ( Singapore Polytechnic , 2008 ) , this design have no moving parts and prevent access to dangerous parts at all times by enclosing the hazardous operation completely .
The safety level is 100 % even when there is a dysfunctional of product during the operational , no one will get injured until the technician arrived .
Moreover , many people in the construction industry think that accident cause by natural disaster and unfavorable working environment is something beyond the human limit and it is unavoidable ( Julian , 2007 ) .
For example , landslide occurs on work site due to soil erosion after the heavy downpour .
This is maybe out of our control , yet it is not 100 % inevitable that accidents can not be prevented from occurring in this kind of situation if approached by psychology during the design stage .
It is used to identify the cause of the accident so that corrective measure can be taken and prevent such similar case from occurring .
Carrying out research studies on related issue or consultation of expertise would help the engineers to understand and envisage the possible accident that may occur from the surrounding environment ( Association of Independent Consultants , Inc , n.d. ) .
Therefore , they may apply appropriate measures to eliminate or minimize the potential risk with respect to the unfavorable working environment , such as strengthening the slope with grout anchor tie back , and use of inclinometer to monitor the slope condition .
To summarize , the approach of applying psychology knowledge through the design process of a project such as understanding of human behavior and knowledge on how accidents occur may help to prevent them from occurring .
Studies on related industrial accident and accident investigation , ability to envisage possible accident that may occur , and working with psychology practitioner could eventually help to minimize and prevent the occurring of accident due to error in human judgment , malfunction of product , and working environment factor .
In conclusion , although accidents are unexpected , it is possible to prevent and minimize accident from occurring in certain aspect by psychology approach on design processes .
This has also proved that it is feasible in accident prevention as the MOM has made an obligatory requirement that all work sites must employ a Work Site Safety and Health Officer before the commencement of a project ( Singapore Polytechnic , 2008 ) .
But the general public is still cautious about accepting nuclear power as a viable energy source .
Although we should never forget the painful lessons of Chernobyl and Three Mile Island , we should also be open-minded about the possibilities that generation IV nuclear reactors brings .
Of the 6 generation IV reactors earmarked for further development , the gas cooled fast reactor design is both innovative and dedicated to becoming an efficient and sustainable nuclear energy option .
According to a recent US poll , a significant 44.7 % of the respondents think that nuclear is somewhat dangerous or very dangerous .
To address the safety concerns of the public , this design envisioned many safeguard systems .
A NEA report stated that a 'three barrier principle ' will be implemented , and there will be 'cladding at fuel levels ; vessels and primary circuit' .
Hence the treatment of nuclear waste will be a major public concern .
According to 'Nuclear power 's new dawn ' published on Nature , '96 % of spent fuels consist of uranium and plutonium ' in other words more fuels can be generated if the wastes are to be reprocessed .
In addition , as the design is a fast neutron reactor , it produces excess neutrons which can be used to transmute the nuclear waste to isotopes of shorter half-lives , reducing the toxicity of the waste .
This design also addresses a security concern of nuclear waste reprocessing .
Currently , in the logistics of reprocessing , nuclear wastes are transported to reprocessing facilities which recovers the uranium and plutonium before sending them to another mixed oxide fuel ( MOX ) reactors to be burnt as fuels .
However a report by Hussein Khalil from the Argonne National Laboratories in USA envisioned 'an integrated , onsite spent fuel treatment and refabrication plant' .
This essentially obliterates the security risks involved in transporting radioactive wastes and allows security efforts to be focused on plant itself .
Lastly , this design is committed to becoming a sustainable form of nuclear power .
Contrary to popular beliefs that nuclear energy is renewable , uranium is actually a rare element that can be depleted .
The higher efficiency if this reactor design together with the recycling of wastes , meant that the same amount of fuel will produce electricity many times more than the conventional reactor .
In conclusion , many advantages of the gas cooled fast reactor looked extremely promising .
Although nuclear waste remains as problematic , it is reduced to a minimum .
Above all , it shows the potential to be sustainable , an advantage that can allow it to be built on a large enough scale to shoulder a significant portion of the world 's energy needs .
Therefore its research and development should supported and properly funded so that one day it can reach its full potential and alleviate some of the world 's energy problems .
Global warming has become a concern to people due to its high emission of greenhouse gases from the energy usage .
To reduce the carbon dioxide emission , a new energy source , which can provide sufficient energy with least emission of greenhouse gases , should be considered since the energy needs is rising in every country .
Nowadays , the engineers and industrial people are very interested about nuclear energy which can provide up to 80 % of the electricity in France ( Butler , 2004 ) in cost-effective way with mass production .
However , there is always a great concern to the public with the safe operation of nuclear reactors and radioactive waste management .
According to a research , the accidents caused by nuclear plants are much less than those of other accidents like traffic , suicides and fire .
The Generation IV International Forum ( GIF ) , a research and development group organized by ten nations to carry out the next generation nuclear energy , is identifying and selecting six nuclear energy systems with variety of reactors , energy conversion systems , and fuel cycle technologies .
With GIF 's nuclear technology , the concerns of public mentioned above would be solved .
Among the six generation IV reactor concepts , the most advanced concept is VHTR ( very high temperature reactor ) which is a more efficient way of energy conversion of heat to electricity and can provide 50 % more energy from the same amount of fuel compared with other conventional nuclear plants .
Regarding nuclear power plants , safety features of the plant is the highest priority concern of the public .
There were nuclear accident hazards all over the world in a few decades ago , for example , the reactor core explosion at Chernobyl in Ukraine , killed many people , two people died in the initial explosion while other deaths resulted from radiation poisoning ( Gramling , 2009 ) .
The VHTR system has its own safety features such as very high system temperature , enhanced goals for safety and reliability , low decay heat load , low power density with easily coolant geometry and so on ( Idaho National Laboratory ) .
The core is composed of non-combustible nuclear grade graphite which has a very stable structure even at high temperature and high heat capacity .
So , the possibility of explosion due to the very high temperature becomes extremely low .
Moreover , the additional safety features such as how to minimize the damages and protect lives if accident occurs will also be developed further ( Lee , 2005 ) .
Another concern on nuclear energy source is how to dispose the nuclear wastes which are long-lived , radioactive and toxic .
As VHTR operates at very high temperature , there are fewer wastes to reprocess than those of other systems .
The reprocessing will cut off 96 % of the nuclear waste produced which consists of plutonium and uranium and only about 1 % of long- lived element is left as residue .
There are also additional steps of process to convert those long-lived wastes into element with shorter half- lives , i.e .
Hence , nuclear waste disposal will not be a great concern in future .
Nuclear terrorism has always been a threat to the world since the sudden attack in Hiroshima in 1945 .
The VHTR is designed carefully to discourage weapon proliferation and to increase assurance that they are very unattractive and the least desirable route for diversion or theft of weapons usable materials , and providing increased physical protection against terrorism .
Hence , it would be harder to steal or use the material by terrorists .
Since VHTR is still in the way of research , the earliest delivery will be in 2020 ( Butler , 2004 ) .
With the qualified security system developed , the nuclear terrorism can be prevented .
In conclusion , in view of the increasing need for more energy globally , nuclear energy will become essential in the future once its negative aspects such as safety issues , waste management and potential exploitation of plutonium proliferation by terrorists can be controlled .
This , in fact , has become possible after the development of VHTR which incorporates the new features to minimize the risks of accidents and enable safer disposal of nuclear waste .
Therefore , research for VHTR technology should be funded for further development to reach its optimal .
In the United States alone , people have used close to 4 million million kwh of electricity .
However , as society grows , the demand for such energy grows as well .
The usage of fossil fuel as a fuel at power plants is projected to increase by 44 percent from 2006 to 2003 .
With promises of lower cost , lesser waste and a safer alternative , it may seem that Nuclear power with introduction of generation IV reactors such as the super-critical-water- cooled reactors is the next generation of power plants .
But these promises are empty promises if one would look deeper into the issue of Nuclear Power .
Therefore , support of further research and development funding for Nuclear power should not be continued .
The cost of the nuclear plant can be divided into 3 main parts : Capital cost , Operating cost and Fuel cost .
It is claimed that the capital cost of the nuclear power plant is $ 9 / MWh which is the same for the coal plant and very low fuel cost of $ 5 / MWh as compared to $ 11 / MWh for the coal powered one .
Therefore , if may seems that nuclear is a cheaper alternative .
However , what they failed to realise is that these cost are only what it is presently .
This cost will increase as time goes by .
The construction cost of the Nuclear power plant does not just stop there .
All this incur more costs .
The operating cost of the plant includes its daily running and also the disposal of the waste .
These wastes are radioactive with very long half life .
Full disposal of it will incur very high long run costs which are often not factored into the operation cost of the plant .
Hence , the Nuclear power-plant is not as cost efficient as it may seems .
With regards to safety , it was reported that there is more cases of fatality for coal powered plants than their Nuclear counterparts .
In the last 40 years , 6400 died due to coal power plant related accidents while only 31 died in Nuclear powered ones .
Therefore , it is claimed that Nuclear is a much safer choice .
There will be a point in time where there will be an error which could result in an accident in the Nuclear power plants one day .
This single incident will have castastrophical effects and the fatality will be a substantial amount .
In the Chernobyl disaster alone which happen on 28 April 1986 , 47 people died on the spot with 4000 more dying from cancer .
The effects of the incident are still felt greatly today with the radio activeness of the area still a recorded high despite three decades of clearing up .
Hence , we only need one nuclear accident to cause damage of what a coal plant might have caused in more than 50 years .
On top of what have been pointed out , Nuclear Power will also invoke security issues in the region .
This will led to an arms race which might inevitably cause some conflicts in the region .
An example is the Nuclear programs of Iran .
Iran developed its nuclear programs as form of deterrence and to build up national pride .
However , many neighbouring countries saw it as an excuse for the building of Nuclear weapons as they felt threatened .
Hence , many conflicts resulted .
From this , we can see that Nuclear Power not only brings issues to the country itself who are developing it but other neighbouring countries in the region as well .
The price for a small mistake in the pursue of nuclear energy is too much for mankind to pay .
However , since a large amount of electricity is needed , commercial power generators were built to convert the fuel into electricity .
Another option , which is nuclear energy , had been explored with moderate success but currently only holds a 17 % share of the global energy supply ( Butler , 2004 ) .
However , development in the technology used by nuclear reactors are still on-going with the recent introduction of Generation-IV nuclear reactor concepts , one of them being the molten salt reactor .
The major draw in continuing the research of molten salt reactor is its potential to make converting electricity from nuclear energy much safer , environmentally friendly and more viable economically as compared to the modern day reactors .
A key step in current nuclear power generation , which is seperation of the by-products in the nuclear reactor wastes , would yield materials usable in the creation of highly destructive weapons .
This will ensure that the majority of the fuel is burnt in the process , leaving very low level of enriched fuel remaining that can be extracted for use for the manufacture of nuclear weapons .
The other alternative of replacing coal is arguably the use of solar or wind energy .
The hydrogen produced by the reactor will have further uses as fuel for other systems where the combustion of it will not produce any greenhouse gases .
For example , the amount of uranium currently mined from the earth surfaces have been approximated to last for another 100-200 years as fuel for the reactors ( Lightfoot , Manheimer , Meneley , Pendergast , and Stanford , 2006 ) .
Molten salt reactors can also use thorium as fuel , which reserves are estimated to be four times larger than that of uranium ( Duffery , 2005 ) .
However , since the fuel is expected to be close to , or completely , burnt up in the molten salt reactor as opposed to current type of reactors , this higher level of fuel efficiency can drive the duration of which the uranium reserves can sustain the global energy comsumption longer than estimated .
The increase in fuel efficiency will reduce operational cost since there will be lesser need for storage of long life radioactive waste products .
Also , considering the development of advanced materials in the further research of molten salt reactor , the actual amount of materials needed in the building can be reduce thus reducing overall cost .
For example , by replacing the stainless steel commonly found in reactors with other , equally or stronger and more durable , alloys that does not use nickle , the cost of building the reactor can be reduced since the price of nickle has been increasing in recent times ( Busby , 2009 ) .
While the use of nuclear energy rises some concern in terms of security and cost , the continuous research of molten salt reactors can solve them through the recycling of fuel and the use of a different variant of fuel .
However , while the research cost of a reactor is very high , this can be solved through the cooperation of more contries , especially the larger start-up countries like China .
In the long run , one of the benefits of using molten salt reactors can also be observed from the fact that it can meet the energy demands while maintaining a clean environment .
In the recent two decades , adopting nuclear energy as a sustainable source of energy has become one of the heated arguments in the world .
The scientists stated that coal and fossil fuels on earth are depleting at an alarming rate and would be running out in the next century .
Nuclear energy has thus emerged as one of the most possible solutions .
However , due to the strong oppositions from the public about the safety factors , many countries are caught in a dilemma that whether they should build a nuclear plant or not .
However , in the current situation where there are no better alternatives , nuclear energy seems to be the most suitable energy for the future and therefore one of the generation IV reactors , lead-coaled fast reactor , should be adopted as the most suitable one .
Firstly , the argument brought by most opponents is the safety issue .
They declare that the nuclear reaction which may be termed as nuclear fission and nuclear fusion is extremely dangerous and even fatal to human beings .
The Chernobyl accident in 1986 was a reminder of the importance of the safety .
30 people were killed ( mostly by high levels of radiation ) during the accident and many more injured or adversely affected .
It was indeed a disastrous accident which subsequently made nuclear plant like a scientific devil .
However , the reactor used in fact lacked some basic engineering provisions for safety , probably due to technological constrains at that time .
With the advancement in science and technology nowadays , the level of danger of the nuclear reactors would be minimised to the lowest degree .
The generation IV reactor , lead-coaled fast reactor , is the safest one among the four being proposed .
In addition , the operating temperature allows a range from 550 to 800 degrees .
This medium range of temperature increases the function capacity of the reactor as compared to those which only operate at a fixed temperature .
On top of that , lead which is used as the main source is less reactive metal compared to sodium for sodium-coaled fast reactors .
Moreover , another opposing view is that the cost for building a nuclear plant is rather high .
Gas-fired power plants are very cheap and quick to build , but relatively very expensive to operate due to the cost of their fuel .
Furthermore , the cost for mining out and transporting the coal and fuel is also very expensive due to their scarcity whereas the sources for nuclear power plant are much cheaper since plenty of uranium can be extracted from the earth 's crust .
Most importantly , the waste generated by this reactor can also be recycled and thus there is virtually no pollution to the environment .
Hence , in the long run , it is more economical to adopt lead-coaled fast reactor which is also an environmental source of energy .
The final argument advanced by opponents is that there are other alternative sources of safer energy such as solar energy and wind turbine , why do we need to adopt the nuclear power reactors which are still untested ?
However , can we really solely rely on it ?
We still have to rely on other sources when solar energy is running low at times .
As long as the nuclear sources are provided such as lead and uranium , energy will be generated .
Therefore , lead-coaled fast reactor is a more efficient and reliable energy source .
All in all , with the depleting source of coal and fuel , lead-coaled fast reactors will be the most likely alternative in the future .
With the technological advancement and engineering design , the safety of nuclear reactors will be ensured as much as possible .
Therefore , such type of nuclear power reactors should be adopted in the future as a promising source of energy .
The world depends largely on external energy to function all activities in the society .
The world 's main energy resource , which is the fossil fuels are slowly depleting .
As a result , there is a need to depend on other alternative energy resources to satisfy our high energy demands .
Nuclear power proves to be an effective energy source as it can generate electricity efficiently to satisfy the world 's energy needs .
However , there are many controversies over the use of nuclear power , in which many critics criticize on the use of it .
Some of the topmost concerns that are widely mentioned are safety , costs and the performance .
Safety issues involving past nuclear accidents still strikes fear in the public 's heart .
For example , " the 1986 accident at Chernobyl in Ukraine , during which the reactor core exploded , killing some 31 people immediately and spewing radioactive debris across Europe .
Articles have shown that many experts agree that nuclear power costs significantly higher in relative to the other major energy source .
[ 5 ] Moreover , there are still many doubts on whether nuclear power has a competitive edge over other alternative energy providers in terms of performance .
With all this concerns on the use of nuclear power , it seems that nuclear power poses more of a problem than a beneficial energy source .
However , with the building of generation IV reactors such as VHTR , problems that the old Generation reactors faced will be greatly reduced , making nuclear power an essential energy source .
Regarding to the safety concerns , opponents of nuclear power might argue that nuclear reactors are potentially dangerous as the effects from any nuclear accidents would be disastrous to both the environment and the people .
However , Generation IV reactor such as VHTR has advanced safety mechanism which will minimize the probability of accidents occurring .
VHTR is capable of dissipating decay heat even under severe accident conditions and its graphite structure is able to withstand high temperature to prevent itself from self-sustained combustion .
[ 2 ] According to the " Four levels of safety ( By Professor Lawrence Lidsky , MIT ) " VHTR is the only reactor that meets the level 1 safety criterion , which means that it is immune to major structural failure and operator error .
[ 2 ] Therefore , VHTR will be a safe nuclear reactor , liable with minimal accidents .
Regarding costs issue , Critics might debate that the high financial costs in building nuclear plants worldwide will create a negative impact on the economy .
Although the cost of building nuclear plants is high , future benefits from nuclear power will be able to boost the economy greatly .
In comparison to other alternative hydrogen producing methods , VHTR produces hydrogen at a lower costs .
[ 4 ] Statistics shown that " VHTR produces hydrogen at $ 1.40/kg , steam reformation of hydrogen costs at $ 6.30/MBtu while MHR produced hydrogen costs at $ 1.52/kg .
" [ 4 ] In addition , using VHTR to produce energy would reduce the economic costs spent in controlling carbon dioxide emissions from the burning of fossil fuels .
Regarding the performance issues , critics might strongly argue that the frequent unplanned nuclear shutdown [ 6 ] will make nuclear power the most inefficient energy among other energy sources .
Sun , wind , tides and waves can not be controlled to provide directly either continuous base-load power or peak-load power when it is needed .
In addition , VHTR 's gas turbine system can generate electricity at an efficiency of 50 % whereby existing nuclear power plant generates at only 33 % .
[ 3 ] , making it one of the best performance nuclear reactor .
In comparison to older generation reactor , Generation IV reactor will have better safety and costs effective features .
VHTR is one of the best generation IV reactors , making it one of the most reliable energy providers in the future .
So , further research and funding for the VHTR will definitely benefit the future generations .
According to Marshall & Robert , the rising costs and rapid depletion of natural fuel lead to the search for a more sustainable energy source .
Thus , countries focused on the development of nuclear reactors , the most viable energy source that seemingly appears to be endless .
However , in terms safety concerns , costs and overall performance , the VHTR would be the best nuclear reactor to be implemented .
( Marshall & Robert , 2000 )
According to Butler , safety is a main priority in the designs of new nuclear reactors due to previous nuclear disasters of Three Mile Island and Chernobyl .
There is large margin between the operational temperature and the coolant boiling temperature .
This would mean a relatively safer work environment in additional to the low operating pressure conditions .
However , the passive cooling system of SFR has major flaws .
In comparison , the VHTR model will be using helium as its coolant , which is an inert gas , and thus would be much safer than sodium .
The cooling system of the VHTR will be a helium turbine system , operating separately under stringent human control allowing for quicker actions to be taken in the situation of overheating .
DOE Nuclear Energy Research Advisory Committee , 2002 ) Costs factors are taken into consideration given the scale of the nuclear reactors .
The Sodium-Cooled Reactor claimed to be cheaper in terms of research costs .
Given that the technology base exists for the SFR , it was said that not much additional extensive research has to done .
This is not the case .
In actual fact , much technical viability issues are waiting to be resolved .
According to the US DOE Nuclear research Due to the instability and radio-active state of sodium , more research has to be done to find suitable materials for its reactor primary core .
DOE Nuclear Energy Research Advisory Committee , 2002 )
Very High Temperature Reactor would be a much cheaper option as the core for its plant has been confirmed to be graphite .
As Sterbentz brought up in his report on VHTR , graphite is a much stable and cheaper material in comparison to the suggested cores for SFR .
In addition , with low reactions to heat and chemical irradiation , replacement of the graphite cores only need to be done around five years .
According to Austrian Institute of Ecology ,the performance for SFR was rated highly by for its closed fuel system which recycles 99.9 % of the actinides in its process .
There is close to no nuclear waste after the once through system .
The energy output is much lesser than the VHTR models which will exceed 50 % .
Furthermore , VHTR produces hydrogen in addition to electricity .
This additional fuel production would mean a larger net output by VHTR in comparison to SFR .
In conclusion , the Very High Temperature Reactor would be the best nuclear reactor concepts to be implemented .
Whether it is about safety issues , costs factors or performance level , the VHTR is a notch above its peers , the SFR for example .
The VHTR 's potential as the best nuclear reactor is recognized by many countries like France , Japan and United States of America .
Globalization has caused the demand of oil to surge up to the extent by which the supply of crude oil could not match the demand for it , hence leading to a shortage for oil .
The Generation IV International Forum ( GIF ) , an organization formed to further develop on nuclear energy had come out with six generation IV reactor concepts .
Since there are a lot of benefits in using nuclear energy , especially the very high-temperature reactor ( VHTR ) , thus further research and development on the nuclear energy sources should be encouraged .
Firstly , nuclear power plant is more cost effective as compared to other energy sources .
For example , although the start-up cost of building the VHTR plant is very high , which is up to US $ 10 billion to build , it is cheaper as compared to other fuel , such as bio fuel , in the long run .
Consequently , many countries have regarded VHTR as the energy for the future , because it produces hydrogen gas as a complimentary energy source that is reusable .
Since the reactor can separate hydrogen gas from water thermodynamically during the nuclear reaction at an extremely high temperature of about 700-900 degree celcius .
( Burthler , 2004 ) Additionally , according to the economics concept , there is less third party cost incurred by the others if nuclear power is used instead of other fuels .
It is relatively cleaner to the environment as compared to other sources of fuels .
So , the sum of all the cost of the nuclear power is relatively lower than the other sources of fuels .
Secondly , nuclear energy , especially the VHTR , produces less waste as compared to its corresponding energy source .
It is known that large percentage of the greenhouse gases present today is due to the use of petroleum and also due to the combustion of fossil fuels .
The burning of fossil fuels also produced other waste products that are harmful to the environment .
Even though VHTR produces nuclear waste which will emit harmful radioactivity , the industry has come up with effective ways to dispose the nuclear waste .
One such method is to bury the nuclear waste to the ground .
Research had shown that the radioactivity that is produced by the nuclear waste under the ground is equivalent to the radioactivity emitted by the cosmic rays .
Thus , human are safe from the radioactivity produced by the nuclear waste .
Ergo , nuclear power , especially for the VHTR , is a much cleaner source of energy to the environment , further research and development should be done on it .
Critics may argue that the security measures used in the nuclear power plant are inadequate , and this will endanger the safety of the people living close to the nuclear power plant .
Indeed , the aftermath of the explosion of the nuclear power plant would be very adverse .
It is shown from the Chernobyl incident , the explosion will cause cancerous effect to the human beings , and this effect would last for a few centuries .
However , according to the GIF , the six concepts , including the VHTR , had incorporated a high security-proof mechanism .
Thus , they are 'meltdown proof ' , which means that they could reduce their temperature to the accepted temperature range in the event of an accident , with least amount of human intervention .
Hence , the safety aspect of the people is well taken care of even if there is any terrorism attack on the nuclear power plant .
As a result , more advancement should be made on the nuclear power plant .
In essence , nuclear power , especially the VHTR , is more cost effective in the long run as compared to other energy source .
In addition , it is less harmful to the environment and it also ensures human safety .
Moreover , it is shown that VHTR is 40 % more effective in producing energy as compared to the other sources of fuels .
Thus , in my opinion , more funding should be provided for the research and development to further improve the nuclear power , the research should focus more on the VHTR .
The usage of nuclear plants to generate electricity has been a controversial issue decades ago , due to the disastrous incidents like the Three Miles island and Chernobyl , which has resulted in major health issue caused by radiation exposure .
The public opposition has been rejecting the construction of nuclear plants due to safety concern .
However , as technology evolved with time , the Generation IV power plants are better in terms of security , cost and performance .
One of the main reasons stated by the opposition is nuclear plants consumed uranium and produced nuclear waste , which could be used to manufacture nuclear weapon .
The molten salt reactors are capable of recycling the nuclear waste to produce more electrical energy , and the waste created from recycling process will not be able to use to create nuclear weapon .
This process also helps to avoid the existing practice of spending large amount of money on operation cost to store the nuclear waste .
In addition , the International Atomic Energy Agency ( IAEA ) has set up necessary guidelines for the governments to ensure the highest level of security for the nuclear facilities .
The Generation IV plants are built to shutdown automatically in the events of a meltdown or terrorist attack ( Butler , 2004 ) .
To prevent the radiation resulted in the Chernobyl incident , the new plants are built with shielding that can prevent radiation from escaping into the surroundings for fear of a meltdown .
Opponents have also argued that renewable energy is a better source of energy as it produced cleaner energy when compared to nuclear reactor , which produces radiation and nuclear waste .
In addition , renewable sources are also unlimited , whereas uranium will last another two century at most ( Fetter , 2009 ) .
Thus , they believed that governments should spend the money on research for renewable energy instead of nuclear energy .
Furthermore , the electricity produced from renewable sources like solar energy is in Mega watt per hour , while the electricity produced from nuclear plant is in Giga watt per hour , one thousand times more energy is produced .
In comparison , the biggest solar power generator located in California is able to support half a million users , less than two percent of the city population ( Wolff , 2007 ) ; while a single nuclear plant is able to provide electricity to a few cities .
Another issue is Uranium is finite like fossil fuels .
Every year , government that is supportive of nuclear energy has spent billions of dollars in it .
In 2008 , the United State Government has increased their budget allocation for nuclear energy and the research and development for Generation IV power plants to twenty-five billion dollars ( Barnett , 2008 ) .
The opposition stated that the power generated is not worth the cost , as the cost is accumulated from the maintenance and security .
It is definitely worth to spend more to protect the environment .
In conclusion , governments should support further research and development on nuclear energy as the security concern on nuclear waste can be eliminated ; moreover nuclear plant is the most efficient energy source and the cost of nuclear energy is the cheapest in long term aspect .
With further funding on the research , humans will be able to produce energy source in the long run without damaging the environment .
The robotic surgical technology is a prototype and a new breakthrough in the field of engineering and medicine .
The robotic system uses fine , precise robotic arms and its three dimensional high resolution computed image guides the surgeon during operation .
According to a report ( Khurshid A Guru ( 2007 ) , Asia medical forum ) the rate of survival in every fifty patients of mean age 68 years old undergoing Robotic Radical Cystectomy is 98 % .
Whereas according to ( Kyung Hee University , Seoul , Korea Cancer Research and Treatment 2005 ) for the traditional Radical Cystectomy surgery , the survival rates were 62 % for males and 39.4 % for females , with mean patient age of 62.8 years old .
Thus it has been proven that the robotic surgical system has a prominent clinical result as compared to the conventional surgery .
Although the initial clinical outcomes are positive , safety is a major factor why the robotic surgical system still remains fearful to the public .
Safety can be due to technical credibility , surgical liability and operation performance .
Even though there is no absolute in the robotic surgical system to ensure safety of patient , the design of the robotic system can be improved to enhance safety .
During operation , condition of patient could remain unforeseeable ; there were additional tasks and decisions needed to be made between the surgeon , the nurses and the robotic system .
For example , during tools changing , the robotic system needed to be paused in order to replace another surgical tool .
During this process , the surgeon has no direct access to the situation ; it relies largely on verbal exchanges between the nurses and the surgeon to coordinate the surgical procedures .
The differences in prospective in terms of communication with respect to the patient condition and the robotic system create safety issues , mainly due to the potential of miscommunication .
In order to enhance safety , a common ground is needed to be built , through ensuring similar speech patterns .
Therefore , communication between surgeon and nurses will be improved by the sharing of a common set of statements and ideology .
Although the robotic system has improved greatly in its dexterity , it has yet been able to develop its full potential in terms of instrumental design and sensory sensitivity .
This imposes uncertain danger during operation .
According to ( Dr. Kevin Zorn , Chicago ( Reuters ) Health News , 2009 ) , no credible system is currently available to assess the capability of a surgeon while operating the robotic surgical system .
In order to account for the safety , the future of the robotic system can be expanded using ultrasound and infrared .
In addition , the surgical equipment occupies large spaces which may restrict the movement of nurses and cause delay during operation .
By miniaturizing the equipment will help address the problem , and also save cost in making rooms for the accommodation of this expensive equipment .
After all , despite all the development of ideas to improve on safety , cost is a major concern whether these ideas can be implement .
The surgical system is an expensive technology which initial cost is 1.5 million dollars each with up keeping cost of hundred thousand each year .
This high equipment cost induces an increase of surgical cost of thousands over dollars .
Moreover , laboratories are currently working on the development of new devices to enhance safety during operation .
Subsequently , this development will be inducing a higher capital cost of equipment .
If we compare the cost of conventional surgery with the robotic surgery , knowing that in most cases of robotic surgery optimize chances of quicker recovery which implies shorter hospital stay .
The difference in cost impose by the robotic equipment will be balance off by accounting the cost of hospital stays from the conventional surgery , thus , cost will not be a constraint in the enhancement of safety .
During the past few years , there were discussions on whether nuclear power plants are supposed to be built or not .
For the past few centuries , most of our electricity was generated from coal , fuel or oil plants .
As the population increases , it leads to higher demand for electricity , thus more raw resources such as fossil fuel have to be used .
Recently , it has come to our attention that the depletion of fossil fuel is getting faster and it leads to higher electricity cost .
As a result , more people are turning to nuclear power plant as a solution to high electricity cost .
However , before we change to nuclear power plant solution , there are some factors we need to consider .
The factors which would be discussed are such as cost , security and performance .
Some of the reasons why people are opposing to the idea are due to the high construction cost and level of danger of nuclear power plant .
However , for the supporting views , it is because of the lower electricity cost and the ability to meet the world 's demand in the future .
Despite the opposing views , the idea to have further research and development funding for the Very-High-Temperature-Reactor ( VHTR ) is encouraged .
Firstly , for the cost factor , according to Michael ( 2009 ) , he mentioned that Uranium , being the raw resource of nuclear power plant , has been proved to be able to meet the need of world demand for hundreds of centuries .
Due to its abundance , the cost price of Uranium would be cheaper when compared to fossil fuel .
Besides this , the mining cost of Uranium Is also very cheap .
Thus , these factors result in a low operation cost of nuclear power plant .
According to The economics of nuclear power ( 2007 ) , it showed the statistic on US electricity production cost from 1995 to 2008 .
The statistic compared the cost of electricity generated among oil , gas , coal and nuclear plant .
However , in year 2008 , the cost of electricity generated from oil plant has been increased to 18 cents per kilowatt-hour , whereas for nuclear , the cost has been remained constant over the years .
Despite the fact of the low production cost , people are claiming that the construction cost of nuclear power plant is too expensive .
Although in a long term , the low production cost would have an edge over the construction cost .
Since the cost of fossil fuel is soaring high now , if we still continue to use them , we would have to pay a very high electricity cost when compared to nuclear energy .
Once the construction cost has been earned back , the rest of the years would be a benefit to the consumers .
Thus , for the cost factor , it is still an advantage to the public if we are going to use nuclear energy in the long run .
Secondly is the security factor .
According to Bulter ( 2004 ) , the public has mentioned the accidents which occurred in 1979 at Three Mile Island and in 1986 at Chernobyl .
However in generation IV reactor , it has claimed that there would be a security feature called the " Meltdown " Proof which would reduce the temperature to minimum in event of accidents .
As technology advances over the years , we could foresee that the chances of accidents from occurring would be reduced .
Thirdly , for the performance factor , according to Bulter ( 2004 ) , it claimed that the VHTR could squeeze 50 % more electricity from the same amount of fuel compared with conventional plants .
People have agreed that in order to reach such efficiency , higher temperature would be needed to be generated , thus , causing higher chance of accident .
In conclusion , we could see that even though there are some disadvantages about the nuclear power plant , it is still beneficial to the public if we are going to operate it in the long run .
The advantages of the nuclear power plant are more than the disadvantages .
Very High Temperature Reactor ( VHTR ) is one of the six generation IV reactors which need to be developed .
The six generation IV reactors are the vision of the future by Generation IV International Forum ( GIF ) .
GIF looks at the future with nuclear reactor in its mind , because it believes the current coal-burning source of energy would not be sufficient for the world 's need by 2050 ( Butler , 2004 ) .
In addition , GIF believes the coal- burning is contributing to global warming by exhausting carbon dioxide ( CO2 ) to the air .
The six generation IV reactors are believed to be able to replace the coal-burning energy .
These six generation IV reactors are still under testing and research phase .
GIF is researching them in terms of their safety factor , their cost factor and their effect to the environment because these are the public concern about them .
This is due to the memories of the past accidents involving the meltdown of partial nuclear reactor .
Looking back at a few decades ago , there are two accidents which brought the world 's attention to the importance of safety in the nuclear reactors .
In 1979 , at Three Mile Island , Pennsylvania , there was a malfunction in a cooling system which caused part of the reactor core to melt and some radioactive gas was released to air , fortunately was not enough to cause any radiation dose above background levels to local residents .
In 1986 , at Chernobyl , Ukraine , a flawed reactor design that was operated with untrained personnel and without proper regard for safety , exploded and released at least five percent of the radioactive reactor core into the atmosphere and the surrounding area .
The two accidents had caused people who lived nearby the nuclear reactors to suffer from the radiation .
The nuclear-averse public opposed the development of generation IV reactors because they are afraid such accidents will happen again and cause more damaged to the people who live nearby nuclear reactors plant .
This feature would simplify safety features ; hence we do not need to rely on sophisticated backup systems or experienced operators .
It is because generation IV reactors can cool themselves down in the event of an accident with minimal human intervention ( Butler , 2004 ) , thus preventing the meltdown accident to happen again .
Secondly , next factor is the cost of building the nuclear reactors plant .
The nuclear-averse public opposed the development of generation IV reactors because they are too costly to build .
It is true that a country needs to fund billions of dollars in research and development of nuclear reactors plant .
However , it is beneficial for the country in the long run .
With the increasing number of people 's population , the demand on the energy source will increase .
One alternate energy source which has been suggested by many of the scientist is nuclear energy .
This is because with the same amount of raw materials , nuclear reactors plant can produce up to ten times more of the energy than the fossil energy plant .
Lastly , the third factor is the effect of nuclear reactors to the environment .
The nuclear-averse public oppose the development of generation IV reactors because they are worried of its waste will pollute the environment .
The waste of the nuclear reactors will last for a few years on earth before it started to deplete .
When GIF have found out the proper method of recycling , the public can live with ease nearby the nuclear reactor plant .
To conclude , the nuclear-averse public oppose the development of generation IV reactors because they do not understand fully the concept of generation IV reactors .
Hence , very high temperature reactor needs to be developed for further research .
In the 21th century , energy issue becomes a serious problem that human beings are facing .
It is predicted by experts that the fossil fuels will run out in 250-300 years with oil disappearing in less than 100 years .
It becomes really urgent to find a substitutable energy source to meet the increasing demand of human beings .
As a result , many scientists have turned to the nuclear energy and are doing research on future Generation IV reactors which are safer and have higher productivity .
Although some people are against these nuclear reactors , but one particular generation IV reactor called molten salt reactor is really worth to be researched on .
Some opponents argued that the safety of the nuclear reactor can not be guaranteed , and such dangerous power plants should never be built .
They thought that the waste was radioactive and may cause health problem to the people around .
But the real situation is not as worse as they thought .
Besides , the molten salt reactor can solve these problems perfectly .
It is written in Generation VI Reactors ( 2009 ) that the molten salt reactor uses liquid sodium fluoride as coolant which dissolves the uranium and circulates through graphite core .
It means that there is no radioactive waste in the whole process .
Therefore , their concern about radioactive waste is not necessary .
Some opponents argued that even though there is no radioactive waste of the plant , the reactor itself is a big safety problem ; the reactors may explode like the three miles in the United States and cause disasters .
However , According to Power Uprate Safety & Containment Overpressure ( 2005 ) , the major safety problem for the reactor is that the balance of energy generating and energy removing may be broken due to some reason .
As a result , the reactor may explode because of overpressure and will release large amounts of radioactivity .
But for the molten salt reactor , according to Dr. Paul Pickard ( 2002 ) , there is lower pressure in it as the boiling point for molten salt is 1400 .
Besides the term which may cause accident is low due to the continuous removal of mobile fission product .
In addition , the molten salt can absorb lots of heat with little change in temperature .
All these guarantee that the balance can not be broken easily .
Furthermore , it is mentioned in Power Uprate Safety & Containment Overpressure ( 2005 ) that an entire system which is designed to match the energy produced by reactor and the energy removed can effectively prevent accident from happening is now used in each reactor in America .
In molten salt reactor , a better or at least the same system will be used to ensure the safety of the reactor .
The opponents always argue that the cost of the nuclear reactor is so high that it is not worth to be built .
It can not be denied the cost of nuclear reactor is very high , but according to The Economics Of Nuclear Power ( 2008 ) , in 2008 in America , the electricity cost for nuclear energy per kwh was 8.34 cents while the cost of coal energy was 8.51cents .
Besides , the external cost including the pollution to environment of nuclear energy was 0.4eruo cents/kwh while for coal energy it was 4.0 euro cents .
The cost of nuclear energy is actually less than coal energy and it is much more environmentally friendly .
Moreover , according to Generation VI Reactors ( 2009 ) the generation IV reactors will all reduce the cost of electricity and have higher productivity of electricity with lower use of fuels compared to the previous reactors .
These evidences all show us that the molten salt reactor will cost little .
One major problem is to find the material which has a high resistance to the corrosion of the molten salt .
Further research and development is worth and needed to be done to overcome the challenge and to turn this reactor into reality .
All the inventions have improved our quality of life and made each human being a large consumer of electricity and fossil fuels .
With the development of technology and the increase of population , energy demand explodes .
Contrarily , the main energy supplier which is non renewable energy resource is disappearing from the earth .
To solve the problem , one way is to gather energy from nature .
However , it is inefficient to feed the whole human beings .
Nuclear reactions were found generating lots of energy rapidly .
Unfortunately , chemical species used in nuclear reactions have incredible destructive power and people are fear of the leakage .
In history , the leakage happened in Bhopal , India in 1984 was a " terrible tragedy " ( " The incident " , n.d. ) during which " approximately 3,800 people died and several thousand other individuals experienced permanent or partial disabilities " ( " The incident " , n.d. ) .
The fear of leakage has result in small number of nuclear plants being built on earth .
Nowadays , the generation IV reactors are in development and one of them called Very High Temperature Reactor ( referred as VHTR below ) is worth being developed .
The VHTR has high safety , high working efficiency and ultra-long lifetime which make it the best of the six generation IV reactor .
Safety is ensured in the design of VHTR .
According to Teri Ehresman , VHTR is able to retain " the desirable safety characteristics offered by modular high-temperature gas-cooled reactors " ( Ehresman , 2009 ) .
Besides , it is shown in the report of James W. Sterbentz that it is able to " increase the thermal safety margin under transient conditions " ( Sterbentz , n.d. ) for VHTR .
Thus , it is reasonable to assert that safety in the design of VHTR is ensured .
Some may refute that nuclear reactor is not safe at all since accident happened in history and caused huge disaster .
They failed to consider that the broken reactors were the first generation reactors and technology by then was not mature and well developed .
After decades of developing , nuclear technology now is more advanced and most importantly , safety in design is largely enhanced .
It is not right to deny the future of nuclear industry simply because of the accident happened in the past .
Hence , safety is ensured in the design of VHTR , it should be further researched and developed .
VHTR has high working efficiency .
The VHTR operates at about 1000 Celsius degree which is enough to produce hydrogen .
Thus , VHTR produces electricity , hydrogen and large amount of process heat concurrently in its working process .
As an energy supplier , VHTR are able to work more efficiently than the others that produce only electricity .
Some may say that the temperature needed for VHTR to operate is high and it is not easy to provide the operating temperature for VHTR .
It is true that VHTR needs more energy to start operation but once it started , it produces energy more efficiently than others .
It is reasonable to say that in the long run , the gain in energy would be more than the excess of cost .
Thus , VHTR is promising in providing energy and solving energy shortage .
Last but not the least , VHTR can have ultra-long lifetime with minor actinides .
Besides , it maximizes the usage of a reactor to a great extent .
By lowering the cost , it is able for reactors to be massively built and commercialized .
Only if it is massive built , the energy problem of human beings can be solved ultimately .
As some may argue , maintenance also needs money and may lead to the increase in the average costs .
However , it is common sense that maintenance fees should be much lower than the cost of building a new one .
Besides , building less reactors and longer their lifetime saves money as well as natural resources such as land .
Hence , VHTR is worth researched and developed on .
To summarize , VHTR is well worth being developed mainly because safety is ensured in its design process .
Besides , VHTR tends to have higher working efficiency and ultra-long lifetime which made it more favourable than other generation IV reactors .
Hopefully , it will not be long before the nuclear power 's new dawn and VHTR is on its way leading generation IV reactors to serve human beings and finally solve the energy shortage .
Nuclear power generally is electrical power which is produced from controlled nuclear reactions ( France , 2005 ) .
Although nuclear power can give mass product of electrical power compared to other forms of electrical energy , its safety issue makes the public concern about nuclear power production .
Among many nuclear reactors built all over the world , one type of reactors is " Sodium-cooled fast reactors " which is operated in temperature of 550 degree Celsius under low pressure .
Power output of this reactor is electricity and can do waste recycling .
But nuclear power is not an efficient way if we consider about storage and safety of nuclear materials as well as huge cost of nuclear power plant construction ( Hannity , 2009 ) .
On the other hand , many countries , such as Pakistan , Japan , China , India as well as the United States are active in nuclear power regardless of the worry of public for safety issue .
The World Nuclear Association mentioned that on average in every 17 days , one new nuclear reactor was set up during the 1980 and this rate may increase to one nuclear reactor per every five days in 2015 .
Although nuclear power plants ' construction cost is much expensive compared to the cost of other alternative sources , for example , solar panels and wind turbines , nuclear power has efficiency output and sustainable energy .
The lower initial cost of alternatives sources make more economical but for the mass product nuclear power should be considered ( Gonyeau , 2009 ) .
Supporters claimed that third generation power plants would be cheaper as well as faster to construct than second generation power plants by previous experience of constructing nuclear power plants .
However , there are also proofs that some of the new generation reactors can not fulfill their promise .
For example , Westinghouse claimed that its advanced AP1000 will cost $ 1000 per KW construction cost , finish within 3 year for construction and provide cheaper electricity than other Fossil Fuel based generating , including Australian Coal power , with no sequestration charges .
But the promise had not been fulfilled and the cost was over $ 3500 per KW which is even higher than the previous generator .
( Group of Physicists School of Physics at the University of Melbourne in Australia , 2009 )
Since nuclear power plants do not release any harmful materials , nuclear energy is ideal for cleaner environment .
Nuclear power plant emits significantly low carbon while fossil fuel pollution kills around ten thousand people per year due to respiratory problems in the United States .
But some opponents also claimed that an average nuclear power plant creates twenty to thirty tones of high level waste per year and that waste has to cool on site for at least five years before they are moved .
According to that Environmental working group , Yucca fills up 2495 tons of nuclear waste currently ( The Charlotte Observer , Hauter , 2004 ) .
Some people claimed that the chances of accidents in the nuclear reactors are very low because of advanced technology.But the accident at the Three Mile Island Unit2 nuclear power plant which is the most serious in the US as well as the explosion at the Chernobyl power station proved that nuclear reactor are still dangerous and not 100 percent secure .
The death by cancer also increased because of these incidents .
Not just health and environmental facts , psychological factors should also be considered .
The worst situation is using nuclear as weapon ( Walker , 2004 ) .
In conclusion , nuclear power should not be widely produced because of security as well as environmental issue .
Alternative energy sources such as wind , solar , hydrogen as well as hydroelectric should be used instead for more secure future for the next generation .
Evidence also shows that very few new reactors have been built since serious accidents had taken place due to explosion or meltdown of nuclear reactors in the 1980s ( Butler , 2004 ) .
To date , people are still suffering a lot of the repercussions from the past incidents .
However , with the expected increase in energy demand worldwide and the growing awareness about global warming , climate change issues and sustainable development , the new Generation IV ( Gen IV ) nuclear reactors seem to be the ultimate solution .
According to Gerstner , the Gen IV nuclear reactors will promise a safe , economically competitive , proliferation-resistant nuclear power without the danger of increasing greenhouse gas emissions .
Many developed countries are starting to express interests in this new nuclear technology and some even form a consortium to pool their expertise and funding to research on the six most promising prospects for the future Gen IV reactors .
Thus , I agree that there should be a research and development ( R&D ) funding for the Gen IV nuclear reactors .
According to Reuters ( 2008 ) , the Electric Power Research Council in the United States has said that there will be a need for some 35 more { nuclear power } [ HYPERLINK : http : //www.associatedcontent.com/topic/15557/nuclear_power.html ] plants by the year 2030 .
The existing technology is to store the waste on site , but it can be politically sensitive - Yucca Mountain in Nevada is one of the examples .
Reprocessing the spent fuel is another alternative to reduce the waste volume by a factor of two or three .
However , this is expensive , inefficient and poses a nuclear proliferation threat .
The Gen IV reactors aim to develop a waste-free nuclear energy by burning up fission 's waste , leaving a residue greatly reduced in both volume and radioactivity ( Gerstner , 2009 ) .
However , the challenge lies between the complication of building a nuclear fission reactor and short of funding to carry out researches on this area .
Although it would take years to develop such advanced technology and probably spend quite a large sum of money , researches and studies have to be done to tackle the faster mounting nuclear waste problem .
Opponents of nuclear energy claim that before the first one of Gen IV reactors would be built , optimistically in 2030 and possibly 2040 to 2050 , solar power system will be highly mature and widely developed by that time .
However , a report ( { McLaughlin } [ HYPERLINK : http : //www.associatedcontent.com/user/1887/brant_mclaughlin.html ] , 2007 ) pointed out that most of the solar power plants can only generate 20 % of its average efficiency .
They are most efficient and require less resource to operate compared to fossil fuels and solar energy .
Thus , it is important to channel the funding to the R&D for Gen IV reactors as they provide the energy that will meet our future energy needs .
There is a profound need for a new generation of nuclear reactor as it not only brings a cleaner energy for our future generation but it is also a waste-free , terrorism-proof and affordable source of energy .
As countries such as China and the U.S. are showing interests in constructing new nuclear power plants , large amount of nuclear waste is expected in the next 20 to 30 years .
Hence , channeling funds to the R&D in Gen IV reactors is necessary as it helps to solve the waste problem .
The Very-High-Temperature Reactor the Versus Sodium-Cooled Fast Reactor
In addition , burning fossil fuel emits greenhouse gas , a main cause of global warming .
Therefore , scientists and engineers are placing high hopes on the new generation of nuclear reactors which are seen as a clean source of energy without emission of green-house gas .
However , some people argue that nuclear power is unstable , extremely dangerous and expensive based on past nuclear accidents and technical hurdles .
Fortunately , generation IV nuclear reactors are in the horizon , promising " safe , abundant , reliable , inexpensive and proliferation resistant " nuclear power plants ( " Nuclear Power 's New Dawn " , 2004 ) .
In this essay , I will compare two outstanding generation IV models : the very-high-temperature reactor ( VHTR ) and the sodium-cooled fast reactor ( SFR ) , and argue that the VHTR is safer , more economical and proliferation-resistant than SFR .
It is said that the VHTR has not achieved the goals of simple operation and transparent safety concepts because it does not have a passive heat removal system ( Generation IV International forum , 2008 ) .
This is not true as the VHTR is developing a passive heat removal system that could achieve a higher level of safety which is not dependent on human 's intervention .
However , the VHTR is initially designed to use helium as its coolant which is not the most suitable for an instant passive heat removal system .
In order to achieve a more effective heat removal system , salts or mixed gas could be used because of a superior heat transport characteristics .
According to " GIF R&D outlook for Generation IV Nuclear Energy Systems 2009 " , molten salts can enable 4 to 6 times higher power density with passive safety features compared with helium .
As a matter of fact , the overall cost of building , operating and maintaining of the VHTR is more cost-effective than the SFR .
Outdoing the SFR , the VHTR has lower fuel cost and higher hydrogen production due to its high operation temperature , allowing high burnup of the fuels .
In contrast to the SFR , the VHTR is resistant to nuclear weapon proliferation as it abandons the reprocessing process .
The reprocessing process incorporated in the SFR extracts plutonium , which is an indispensable part for nuclear weapons .
Because VHTR is operated at an extremely high temperature and within a closed circle system , high utilization of uranium can be achieved even without reprocessing .
The VHTR prevents potential nuclear wars that the SFR may lead to .
To conclude , simple operation and transparent safety concept is inherently embedded in the VHTR , ensuring high level of safety .
The VHTR is more economically competitive than the SFR by lowering the overall cost of building , operating and maintaining .
The VHTR also has the unique feature of proliferation resistance among generation IV reactors which would prevent potential nuclear wars .
Engineers will have to take into consideration of the future needs while being creative and also without jeopardizing the functionality and the usability of the product .
As psychology studies the mental functions and human behavior , we are able to pin point the human error and thus we would minimize design mistakes and prevent accidents from happening .
In my opinion , as human factor always plays a part in these major industrial accidents .
The use of psychology during the design process stage can help reducing the accidents .
One major engineering accident is the Eschede train which happened in Germany ( Wilpert , 2007 ) .
The accident happened in June 1998 causes a total of 101 death and 88 injured .
This incident is not caused by failure of only one component .
Rather it is caused by the interaction of multiple factors like human error and design mistakes .
In this case , we are able to relate psychology into the factors and prevented it from happening .
The original set of wheels used by the train was monobloc wheels .
However , the wheels appeared to be too noisy and vibration can be felt in the train cabin .
Therefore , the engineers came out with a similar design as what the trams are using which is used to solve the vibration issue .
The new wheel is wrapped around with thick layer of rubber around the metal wheel .
The layer of rubber helps reducing the vibration .
The design was not tested but it proved to be reliable because over the years it does not have any major problems .
However , according to ( Khandani , 2005 ) proper engineering design process , final phase of design process is testing .
In the process , they might find out design flaws and make necessary changes to the design .
The engineers made a mistake for neglecting an important step in the design process .
If prototyping has been done the accident might not have happened .
Before the derailment of the train , there is a strip of metal punctured into the cabin .
The train conductor or the passenger may have prevented the train accident if they had pulled the emergency brake .
The subsequent event will not have happened if the passenger or the conductor possesses adequate problem solving skill .
The passenger could have pulled the emergency himself instead of notifying the conductor .
The train conductor would have been able to stop the accident from happening if he does not follow the company 's policy for stopping the train .
It allows the high speed train to separate from other slower trains .
The railway track used is not dedicated for high speed train .
However it has been upgraded to so that it can be shared between high speed trains and other slower trains .
In addition , rail switches is used to maximize the usage of the tracks .
The rail switches transfers the trains from a slow track to a fast track and vice versa .
However seconds before the accident happened , the wheel rim which pierces through the cabin floor slammed against the rail switch forcing some of the train cabins to disconnect with the from the first cabin and switch to another track .
The entire disconnected cabin is thereby thrown into the bridge .
In conclusion , improvement of a new design is undeniably good as it makes our life better .
However , besides focusing on the improvement of a new design , one should also pay attention to the possible tradeoffs .
When the improvement of the new design is unable to compensate the limitation , designers should abandon the design .
If we have put in much consideration into the psychology approach in the process of design , many accidents can be avoided .
The use of psychology would assist engineers and designers to think creatively and better and therefore they will come out a safe and good invention .
In addition , by exploring further in the psychological aspect and applying it in our daily routines , many of such major accidents can be prevented or minimized .
And 21 million square meter of land was polluted and could n't use for living .
Chernobyl is not the only serious accident of nuclear plant in the past .
There was another nuclear plant accident in three mile island in US .
As these disasters happened over and over again , the problem that how to improve design process should be concerned in a different perspective .
How about taking account of psychology ?
What is psychology in engineering ?
Engineering Psychology is concerned with adapting the equipment and environment to people , based upon their psychological capacities and limitations ( Blum , 1952 ) with the objective of improving overall system performance ( involving human and machine elements ) .
From this statement , we know that psychology aims to improve system by helping people in psychological way .
Someone may doubt , is it really helpful to apply psychology ?
We consider the Chernobyl as an example .
As mentioned in the preceding paragraph , Chernobyl was considered as the technological catastrophe .
But ,was it just caused by technological errors ?
Let 's take a quick view of the accident .
The first thing working against then is that another power plant on the circuit went down , so Chernobyl was producing more power than usual to compensate .
Then the day staff never ran the test .
Nobody ever told the night staff not to do it , so they tried to perform the test as planned .
Then , the reactor started getting out of control .
Now the had an uncontrolled nuclear reaction .
Because they did n't have the right Geiger counters , they did n't know what a serious danger they were in cause they could n't got the actual radiation levels .
They stayed for about 3 days till the explosion , trying to pump water into the reactor to control it .
It is obvious that human factors play an important role in this accident .
Though the original cause is technical , but if anyone find the mistake and correct it , it would n't happen .
What 's more , regardless of what extent do the automation achieve , man can never be neglected in production .
And , nobody can avoid mistakes , so applying psychology in design processes could reduce the probability of human errors , thus increased safety coefficient .
Never the less , someone hold the opinion that if technology improves enough , we could get rid of the accident without applying psychology in the design processes .
As technology is improving , it is true that the consequences for the accident can be reduce a lot .
Considering the nuclear technology , what method we use to control the reaction has been improved a lot .
But , all this improvements just make the consequence of the accident , if happening , less than before and it does n't mean the probability is reduced .
Through a survey , 92 % of all significant events in nuclear utilities between 1983-1984 were caused by people and of these only 8 % were initiated by the control room operator ( Stanton.N , 1996 ) .
So the most efficient way to reinforce the safety is applying psychology in design processes .
Will the psychology prevent the accident successfully ?
Of course , it is not possible .
The objective of applying engineering psychology is to adapt the equipment and environment to people , based upon their psychological capacities and limitations .
And the result is making production process more comfortable and safer but not totally preventing the accident .
As engineering psychology applied more and more deeply through design processes , it must make the production , especially the highly complex socio-technical systems with hazard characteristics , safer than before .
Could the use of psychology prevented Chernobyl ?
On 26 April 1986 , a catastrophic disaster , which destroyed the city and killed 30 people in few seconds , fell on Chernobyl .
Massive amount of radioactive substances spread , and eventually caused approximately 270000 cancer cases and 93000 fatal cancers ( Greenpeace , 2006 ) .
Ever since the disaster occurred , the cause of the accident was extensively looked into .
Most of the studies have shown that it was the carelessness of the operator and large amount of design errors which lead to the disastrous explosion .
Therefore , wide range of approaches arises to enhance safety in engineering process , and psychology is among one of these approaches .
While opponents denied the capability of psychology to prevent the accident , proponents insisted that psychology is applicable to enhance safety of a system .
Although some people perceived that psychology would not influence much in engineering process , I do believe that the use of psychology during design process effectively provide alternative to prevent the accident .
Nuclear plants are complex system , which involve operation of many systems simultaneously .
Therefore , opponents claimed that psychology might not be able to detect each of the errors from the complicated design process and the use of psychology would not prevent the accident .
Although engineering psychology may not be able to detect all the errors , the methodology used throughout the process would definitely point out some of the erroneous part .
According to Noyes ( 1997 ) , most of the accidents occurred due to large amount of errors , and elimination of each of the errors could effectively prevented the accident .
For instance , the control rods used in the exploded Unit 4 reactor , which served to slow down the reactions , are made of boron carbide with graphite tips .
A study in 1983 , three years before this accident , shown that graphite tips can increase the rate of reaction ( Jacques , 2000 ) .
Clearly , if engineering psychology is applied , further research would be carried out during preparatory phase and the error can be detected , and this accident may be prevented .
Opponents perceived that the Chernobyl accident is mainly due to the insufficient knowledge of the designers and operators , and advanced technical knowledge could be able to prevent the accident instead of the use of psychology .
However , the study of Jacques ( 2000 ) stated that it was the dictatorship of Soviet Union , rather than technical incompetence , which brought the Chernobyl accident .
In fact , the scientists in Soviet Union were equipped with deep technical knowledge , but they were more motivated to produce nuclear weapon for self interest .
Therefore , the ignorance of safety field eventually led to bad decision during design process .
On the other hands , engineering psychology , which comprises 'decision gate ' in each design phase , would effectively enhance safety from the human point of view .
In fact , the Chernobyl accident arises from chain of human errors .
Other than political factor and use of inappropriate rod materials , incompetence of operator , unwise decision making during test plan , and deliberate violation against procedure for safe operation account to this disaster ( Denton , 1997 ) .
In my opinion , input of psychology in each stage would be able to change the erroneous part of design process and effectively enhance the safety of a system .
To sum up , engineering psychology provides means to detect human errors in each phase of design process and even in the implementation phase .
These preventive acts can more or less prevent the occurrence of a disaster .
Therefore , psychology in engineering is definitely required to promote the safety throughout the design process , especially for hazardous system such as nuclear plant .
With the modernization of the world , the consumption of energy has increased drastically .
There have been oppositions discouraging further research and development of the VHTR due to high costs , unsafe conditions and low efficiency of the VHTR .
However , I feel that despite these , we should still continue with the further developments of the VHTR .
There are fears that the reactor may get overheated as it operates at very high temperature .
However , with the improvement in the design of machine and materials used , the VHTR is cooled via helium which is an inert gas .
The helium gas does not react readily with other gases and thus making it safe to use .
In addition , the material used to build the reactor is graphite which has high melting point .
Graphite also has high heat capacity and thermal inertia , thus allowing it to withstand high temperature .
There are skeptics who argue that high start up cost , due to the materials of the reactor , make the VHTR not worth undergoing further research and development .
The aim of the government should be revised and other important needs such as healthcare of citizens should be considered before building these reactors .
I agree that the start-up cost of VHTR is high as it costs about 114.9 billion US dollars to build it .
However , the performance and maintenance cost are much lower as compared to the start up cost .
The fuel used in VHTR produces a large amount of energy when burnt , thus reducing the amount of fuel burnt .
As the VHTR is able to produce two products , hydrogen and electricity concurrently , it helps to reduce the cost of producing both products separately .
Critics also argue over efficiency problems of the VHTR .
If the helium is insufficient , it is not possible for the VHTR to operate at its optimum temperature .
However , the VHTR still has high efficiency rate .
It uses plutonium waste to run the reactor and thus help to recycle waste products .
The high temperature produced by the reactor can also be used to split water up thermodynamically and thus helped to save energy to produce additional energy .
In addition , helium is seen to be both a good and bad cooling agent .
Furthermore , it has high efficiency and the reactor is safe to use .
Cost should not be an issue as it will eventually be reduced with the spread overhead costs .
Therefore , the VTHR should continue undergoing research and development .
These technologies have many advantages , such as enhancing nuclear safety , minimizing generation of nuclear waste and decreasing the risk of nuclear weapons proliferation ( Gen IV International Forum,2007 ) .
Although Generation IV nuclear energy systems have so many advantages and plans for four systems have been finalized ( Gen IV International Forum,2007 ) , public opposition doubts whether further research and development are still needed for them .
However , the opposite 's concerns will not matter through long-run modification of the plans and the Gen IV systems will definitely benefit most of the nations .
Firstly , the opponents question the safe operation of the VHTR over 1000 Celsius degree under transient condition .
However , they fail to consider the inherent characteristic of a helium-cooled , graphite-moderated core which is designed for the VHTR .
The VHTR system takes advantage of the thermal inertia of the graphite and a special property of helium coolant that helium has single phase .
Because of the effect of graphite , it manages to have a high heat capacity and maintain stable at the same time even at extremely high temperatures .
When it is used as the coolant , it hardly has any interaction with other materials ( { High temperature gas cool reactor technology development } [ HYPERLINK : http : //www.iaea.org/inisnkm/nkm/aws/htgr/fulltext/29026666.pdf ] , 1996 ) .
Therefore , the helium-cooled , graphite-moderated core is overall the best design and in this way the safety of the system is almost guaranteed .
Secondly , critics argue that the VHTR is too costly and it will ultimately be eliminated in the future due to economic factors just as what happened to the HTGR or High-Temperature-Gas-Reactor in 1989 ( International Atomic Energy Agency , n.d ) .
However , even though the one-time economic input is high , the VHTR has low operating and maintenance cost ( Gen IV International Forum , 2007 ) .
In an economic view , low variable cost will finally lead to low average cost despite the fact that the fixed cost is quite high .
Moreover , the electricity generation of the VHTR system has an efficiency ratio larger than 50 percent and it is much more efficient than the Generation III systems .
The efficient electricity generation will overweigh the high cost of the machine and engineering design ( Jaeri , 2002 ) .
In addition , abundant heat produced in the VHTR system raises the efficiency of hydrogen gas production to a significant level .
Hence , the high one-time economic input does not seem to be a problem compared with the high efficiency and the significant side product of the VHTR system .
Thirdly , some people are concerned about whether the Generational IV Nuclear Energy System will become a privilege of the wealth or technology developed countries and enlarge the gap between the developed countries and the developing countries .
However this concern is actually redundant since most of countries have reached a consensus that the development of Generation IV systems is an international initiative rather than an independent investigation .
As estimated , these systems will be available by 2030 in both developed countries and developing countries ( Argonne National Laboratory ) .
To sum up , even though there are concerns about Generation IV VHTR system , such as potential danger of the system , high cost of the system and the side effect of the system , the advantages of Generation IV VHTR system surpass its disadvantages .
Generation IV VHTR system should be fully developed since the VHTR system intends to increase safety , efficiency and reliability and provides other economic benefits , such as hydrogen production .
However , most people never consider the question how many years the petroleum and coal can support our lives .
Scientists said that human being can only use petroleum and coal for no more than one or two hundred years .
On that condition , new energy , especially nuclear power , will be our first choice to carry on our development , for which we must change our attitude towards nuclear power .
Nowadays , many people still resist nuclear power because of the fear of terrorists , its so-called danger and the heavy metal from its waste .
I can not deny some tragedies occurred during the exploration and development of nuclear power .
However I want to emphasize that nuclear power is still our first choice and many people resist it just because some misunderstanding about its history .
I suggest that we can use Supercritical-water-cooled reactors , which are efficient , safe and environmental-friendly .
From the angle of safety , many people are afraid of the hypothesis that terrorists may attack the reactors because they are the best target to make chaos and mass destruction .
Actually , the issue is being considered in the country where these nuclear reactors are widely built .
As Pittsburgh Tribune Review January 18 , 2007 reported , US Nuclear Regulatory Commission said that in the future , the design of nuclear power reactors , such as SWCR , will consider avoiding the large-type aircraft collision to prevent the attack comes from terrorists .
In addition , according to a research group , concrete structure used in such kind of reactor can withstand a deliberately crash by a military jet .
Besides , most countries in the world have regarded anti-terrorism as one of their main tasks in the future .
They will try their best to avoid terrorism and spare no effect to protect their nation from being attacked .
Therefore , terrorism should not become the obstacle of the development of nuclear reactor .
However , many people fear of nuclear reactor because they do not believe the safety of it .
People may be afraid that some accident may happen at such a tough environment .
But nowadays , a nuclear reactor contains a lot of Safety features , such as automatic shutdown of the fission process by insertion of control rods , emergency water-cooling for the core in case of pipeline breakage , and a concrete containment shell , which can help avoid emergence .
Last but not least , some people say that the heavy metal comes from the nuclear waster may cause a lot of environmental problems .
However , this new kind of reactor is quite environmental-friendly .
What 's more , it also has a waste recycling system , which is combined by two parts .
This recycling system makes it more environmental-friendly than others .
I think we need not to worry about how to deal with the waste because of these two significant steps .
Nowadays , with the development of nuclear power , more and more problems have been solved by these scientists and engineers .
As to the potential terrorism attract , we can build solid reactor as well as emphasis anti-terrorism in a global level .
We also try different ways , such as a reprocessing plant and dry the waste to reduce the emitting of waste from a reactor .
I think we have already had enough reason to make full use of the nuclear power , to benefit the whole world as well as our next generations .
People have been putting efforts to improve the design and eliminate unexpected accidents .
Not surprisingly , psychology plays a crucial role in engineering design process .
Engineering psychology can be understood as the study of human behaviors , as well as designing , building mechanical devices or artificial environments to improve human interaction with the system , and to satisfy anthropometric or psychological requirements so that people will use them ( Wickens & Kramer , 1985 ) .
Until now , the most deadly aircraft accident in aviation history is the Tenerife accident on March 27 , 1977 , with a death toll of 583 .
Basically , both human aspects and system aspects led to this tragedy .
Although there is not a definite cause for such accident , the correct use of psychology in certain areas , including the design of the airport , the communication procedure and the training of manpower , may help to prevent similar disaster in the future .
Designers failed to consider that the airport needed to accommodate a large number of planes , resulting in parking congestion which was one of the reasons of the accident .
Otherwise , the Pan Am could have entered the first or the second taxi way .
Therefore , it would have never met the KLM .
Furthermore , located just closed to clouds level , the airport area had a very special fog pattern .
However , designers actually did not install radar .
However , people holding opposing view claimed that it was not economic to build a large airport in such a small place with few people .
As Tenerife had been seeing more and more visitors , people should anticipate some contingencies , and a safe airport with necessary facilities should be ensured in case of such unscheduled landing .
Secondly , communication was also a fatal problem in this accident .
Actually the Air Traffic Controller ( ATC ) was using only one channel to communicate with two approaching airplanes at the same time .
The controllers did not consider that the same frequency made them can not hear each other clearly , so that the ATC failed to get the information that the Pan Am was still on the run way .
To make things worse , as professional controllers , they should have used standardized terminologies for communication , but actually they did not .
Such as the words " take off " should never be used in an ATC clearance but they did .
The ambiguous language caused confusion such that the Pan Am , the KLM , and the ground controllers did not get the proper information .
Some people may argue that during the early years , low education was inevitable .
It was hard to find a Spanish speaking English fluently .
But people still need to consider communication as an important issue and try to find a precise and standard language for aviation communication .
Last but not least , the training of the captains and the crews somewhat contributed to the accident in a sense .
The captain of the KLM was used to be a training captain , which means he conducted training flights more than regular line flights .
But many operational problems only turn up during the actually flight .
So whenever the captain encountered problems , he may not keep sober and make the correct decision .
Though the accident can not entirely attribute to the captain , he had the highest power and should be experienced enough to seek safety for all the passengers .
So whenever training captains or crews , both theoretical training and operational training should be reinforced .
On the other hand , there are also countries that are against this idea , such as Germany , who is drawing out from their nuclear programme ( BBC , 2009 ) .
The reason for opposing is that nuclear accidents release harmful radiation that has adverse effects on humans and the environment .
This is seen in the nuclear accident at Three Mile Island in 1979 followed by the Chernobyl accident in 1986 , which have reinforced fears in the people .
In addition , many are concerned that nuclear reactors are prone to being used as a weapon of mass destruction by terrorists and hostile countries .
Firstly , on safety , the VHTR is said to be a relatively safe nuclear reactor because it includes a back-up emergency core cooling system .
However , the MSR operates under a much safer condition .
The method of cooling in the MSR is more efficient than the VHTR because if the MSR coolant salt overheats and overflows , the coolant salt will be transported to various storage tanks which are installed with passive decay heat cooling systems , thus they are verified to be critically-safe .
Besides the storage tanks , freeze valves that will automatically open whenever it detects overheating of the salt are also installed .
Secondly , the overall performance of the MSR also surpasses the VHTR making the MSR a better nuclear reactor .
Besides the varying sizes that a MSR could work in , it is also able to operate at two varying temperatures of 705 and 1000 ( Butler , 2004 ) .
This shows that at constant temperature , the MSR is at least 10 % more efficient than the VHTR .
Therefore , countries should invest on the MSR which is more efficient than the VHTR in terms of overall plant efficiency .
Last but not least , waste recycling in the MSR allows better usage of materials as well as ensuring a lower cost of operation .
The system collects , processes the wastes according to their physical and chemical properties , and separates the residual fuel from the wastes .
This in turn reduces the volume of material disposed since plutonium and uranium makes up almost 97 % of the entire mass of fuel used in generating nuclear energy .
This will also lead to reduction of costs since capital spent on reactants are significantly reduced ( The National Academies Press , 1984 ) .
Scientists and engineers are now thinking of developing a new generation of nuclear reactors that can solve many problems such as green-house effects , the rising prices of energy , the safety of nuclear reactors .
In " Nuclear power 's new dawn " , Butler ( 2004 ) mentions six concepts of Generation IV ( GenIV ) reactors .
While some proponents totally support further research and development funding for this concept , others still doubt about the benefits of the SCWR since there are many challenging problems in R&D process .
It is often argued that the SCWR is rather safe in comparison with other generation IV reactor concepts because it operates at rather low temperature , ranging from 510 to 550 ° C ( Butler , 2004 ) .
Although this argument is true , high operating temperature is not the only source of accidents in a reactor .
At such level of pressure , the current steel is easily corroded by high temperature water .
Another safety problem comes from very fast turbine speed of the SWCR ( about 3600 rpm , twice as fast as the existing Light Water Reactor ( LWR ) ) .
Therefore , we must stress the importance of finding suitable materials that are stress-resistant and anti-corrosive and developing a reliable auxiliary feed water system .
However , one disadvantage of the SWCR is that it , in fact , is the only concept among the GenIV reactors that does not output hydrogen fuel .
The temperature needed to split hydrogen from water in a reactor is from 700 to 900 ° C and even if the SCWR could produce hydrogen , separating it with the liquid water would become a big problem .
Hydrogen fuel is considered the energy for the future since it is carbon-free , non-toxic , less fire-risk , higher efficiency than petrol .
Furthermore , it should be noted , however , that if most car owners switched to fully electric cars , many countries would need to double their electricity production ( Louis , 2009 ) .
Therefore , it should be better if we develop reactors that can generate hydrogen fuel rather than ones that can only generate electricity .
The SWCR is preferred than other GenIV concepts because of its simple design which indicates that it will be cheaper and easier to develop and operate .
One example is the very-high-temperature reactor ( VHTR ) which can produce hydrogen fuel and can be first built in 2020 ( the earliest delivery for the SCWR is 2025 ) .
Moreover , the estimated amount of money needed for R&D activities of the VHTR is about 670 M $ ( versus 870 M $ for SCWR ) .
Although the VHTR also has its own challenges in R&D , it is , besides SCWR , highly interested in by the experts .
Although it can not be denied that SCWR is a very practical one among six concepts of GenIV reactors , it is not the only choice .
Developing a new generation of nuclear reactor costs us not only a huge amount of money , but also lots of time and manpower .
Therefore , we must be of great considerations when choosing whether the SCWR or other concepts to develop .
The public is very concerned about the safe operation of nuclear reactors and there have been debates on whether Generation IV nuclear reactor should be built or not .
Issues being discussed were safety of operating the nuclear reactor as there have been catastrophic events in the past like the Three Mile Island and Chernobyl disaster ( Butler , 2004 ) .
The cost of building a nuclear reactor as it involves billions of dollars of taxpayer 's money .
These were the main factors why few nuclear reactors have been built in the past few decades in many countries and I agree that Generation IV nuclear reactor should not be built .
Over the years , nuclear technology has improved and in principle , created the term 'meltdown proof ' reactors whereby the nuclear reactor can cool themselves down in the event of an accident with minimal impact or ,if any , human intervention ( Butler , 2004 ) .
Hence , safety of the nuclear reactors has always been the main issue regarding the building of nuclear power plants .
However , human error is a factor that decides whether the safety system in place works in an event of a failure ( Greenpeace ) .
Events that clearly show the effects of nuclear meltdown are the Chernobyl disaster that resulted in 336,000 people being exposed to radioactive chemicals and had to be relocated .
The result of the explosion had linked to many forms of cancer in Eastern Europe and Russia , as well as destroying animals and plants .
Waste from the nuclear faculty is another major issue .
Although the development and research of Generation IV reactors produces less nuclear wastes , the main problem lies in getting rid of it rather than storing it .
According to Andrew Blowers , a former member of the Committee for Radioactive Waste Management ( CoRWM ) , which advised the government , the nuclear waste does not decompose easily and will last for thousands if not millions of years , thus , it will impose a burden on future generations .
The cost of building a nuclear reactor has always been one of the biggest issues .
Unfortunately , no more than three of the six designs are likely to survive the feasibility testing phrase and go on to become research prototypes , each costing at least US $ 1 billion or more to build and test ( Butler , 2004 ) , thus , wasting taxpayer 's money .
To summarize why nuclear reactor should not be built is because no nuclear reactor in the world is inherently safe as all operational reactors have inherent safety flaws , which can not be eliminated by safety upgrading .
Highly radioactive spent fuel requires constant cooling .
There will always be nuclear waste irregardless of the amount the development and research of Generation IV nuclear reactors can reduce .
Billions of dollars is taking place in building a nuclear reactor and not a few million .
Furthermore , there is no guaranteed in building a successful nuclear reactor .
With emission of green house gas now soaring , nuclear energy , as a non-carbon dioxide source , is finding its way back on the table .
However , the huge cost and the potential danger make nuclear plants can not be widely accepted .
Actually , GIF ( the Generation IV International Forum , a consortium of ten nations that is planning the nuclear reactors of tomorrow ) has already set a R&D funding for the new generation of reactorsthe Generation IV reactors ( Butler , 2004 ) .
Although there are some opposing voices against this funding , it is a wise decision to set R&D funding for Generation IV reactors .
Opponents of R&D funding for generation IV reactors claim that nuclear plants are very dangerous ( Ashcroft , 2008 ) because of the radioactive wastes and the radioactive materials escaping from the reactors ( Ashcroft , 2008 ) .
However , these two disadvantages are no longer problems for the Generation IV reactors .
It is because all the six concepts of Generation IV reactors are operating at a very high temperature ranging from 510 degrees C to 1000 degrees C and have a highly automatic circular system , the radioactive waste can be minimized to a very safe level ( Butler , 2004 ) .
Besides , unlike what the public thinks , there is almost no radioactive materials escaping from the reactors unless in an unexpected accident .
In fact , it is true for the previous generations of reactors .
However , if the Generation IV reactors really work , on paper , they are competitive with coals and gas ( Butler , 2004 ) .
As mentioned above , the new reactors are operating at very high temperatures and have highly automatic cycle system , so they are more efficient .
For instance , the VHTR ( very-high-temperature reactor , one of the six concepts of Generation IV reactors ) can produce half more electricity with the same amount of resources ( Butler , 2004 ) .
Therefore , the cost on the resources can be significantly reduced .
Also , due to the highly automatic system , the capital spent on hiring experienced operators and building offsite monitoring systems can be reduced .
The final argument advanced by the opponents is that this new generation of reactors will be more of a terrorist target , because they are more powerful ( Ashcroft , 2008 ) .
The reason is that all the six concepts of Generation IV reactors contain simplified safety features that no longer depend on sophisticated operators , which means that they can cool themselves if there is anything wrong in the whole progress .
Therefore , any attempt to trigger an accident deliberately will be in vain .
It should be evident that arguments against the setting of R&D funding for Generation IV reactors are not valid .
Moreover , the simplified safety feature makes those new reactors be less of a terrorist target .
Global warming and rising energy demands are rehabilitating the concept of nuclear power .
Generation IV international Forum ( GIF ) is a consortium of countries planning future nuclear reactors .
Very High Temperature Reactor ( VHTR ) one of the Gen IV reactors holds much potential .
Till date the nuclear industry has created a lot of problems without a solution ( safety of nuclear installations , nuclear waste , radioactive emissions etc. ) and with the current growth rate nuclear power can not play an important role in future world energy production CITATION But04 \ l 1033 ( Butler , 2004 ) .Research and development funding for developing VHTR must be increased while addressing public concerns about safety and improving design to reduce costs and improve performance .
Higher operating temperatures means that VHTR can produce 50 % more electricity from the same amount of fuel compared to existing reactors and it can be used to produce Hydrogen which holds much potential as a fuel of the future .
But reactors will need new coolants as ordinary water can not be used under typical pressurized conditions CITATION But04 \ l 1033 ( Butler , 2004 ) .
Large capital cost is required for the building of Generation IV nuclear reactors .
The Greenpeace report of 2005 says that the estimated costs for the development of the six Gen IV concepts are about 6 billion US $ CITATION Aus07 \ l 1033 ( Austrian Institute of Ecology , 2007 ) .
France intends to replace its ageing plants using a US $ 3.5 billions generation three reactors ( Butler , 2004 ) .
Better performance has to be weighed against high building and maintenance costs
VHTR systems do not use waste recycling thus reducing the risk of proliferation .
Public opinion is against the construction of nuclear reactors due to the partial reactor meltdown accident in 1979 at Three Mile Island , Pennsylvania and of 1986 accident at Chernobyl in Ukraine ( Butler , 2004 ) .
It is generally recognized that it is a practical impossibility to render civilian nuclear energy systems proliferation-proof CITATION Hir05 \ l 1033 ( Hirsch , Becker , Schneider , & Froggatt , 2005 ) .
The development of Gen IV nuclear reactors is necessary to respond to the upcoming scarcity of fissile material , the issue of proliferation and the requirement of safe repositories for nuclear waste .
Research has still to be done to work on a better cooling system and material that can withstand very high temperatures ( Butler , 2004 ) .
Shortages in energy supply and insecurities caused due to the rising oil prices and the threat of climate change clearly show the need for the development of Nuclear power .
Nowadays , as the population of the world is increasing rapidly , humans are facing severe food crisis .
In order to solve this problem , one good way is to develop Genetically Modified Food .
Currently , because of some uncertain effects of Genetically Modified Food ( GM food ) , it has not been widely accepted by us .
However , I believe that if GMF has a very bright future .
According to Whitman ( 2000 ) , the term GM foods is commonly used to refer to crop plants created for human or animal consumption using the latest molecular biology techniques , and these food have been modified to meet people 's demand in the laboratory .
GM foods have advantages over traditional plants .
So the usage amount of chemical substances will be largely reduced .
Besides , we can increase the crop yield by cultivating GM plants .
However , although GM food is not a new term for us , many people are still concern about the consumption of GM food .
One major problem is that whether GM food will do harm to human bodies .
As a result , the affects of GM food via human consumption are still relatively unknown .
Toxins and proteins produced GM food may have unknown side effects if consumed over long periods of time ( Cardiosk 2008 ) .
People are afraid of GM plants may break the balances in the nature .
They may transmit their special genes to other species or restrain other plants ' growing and cause disasters .
We need to solve these problems by enhancing the assessment of the GM food .
For most of people , they just worry about the uncertainty effects of GM food .
GM foods are not like common drags or chemicals , they are more complex .
But if we can precisely evaluate the impacts of the GM food on human body and verify that they are health , people would accept them .
One of these assessment methods is to compare the GM food and their original natural species .
Moreover , scientists have come up with new method , through which they can insert a special kind of gene in to the plant cell to prevent the plant from breeding .
In conclusion , GM foods have not been fully developed until now .
They are impacts on environments on human bodies and environments are not clear .
But from my point of view , it is just a matter of time .
Scientists will enhance the safety of GM food by new genetic and assessment technologies in the near future
In the accident , 56 people were killed and about 600000 people were exposed to significant levels of radiation ( Greenpeace , Jan2009 , p.6 ) .
As the result , many people were afraid of nuclear power even until today .
Despite there are a lot of opposition to the reborn of nuclear power ; there is some evidence which show that the potential benefits of molten salt reactor ( MSR ) far outweigh its dangers .
According to the former director of that plant , it was pure luck that the plant had no meltdown ; otherwise , it could be another disaster ( Greenpeace , Jan2009 , p.6 ) .
Firstly , the molten salts have low chemical activity at the sea-level pressure .
Besides that , there is a passive cooling system which includes passively cooled dump tanks that will perform emergency cooling and shutdown in any emergency conditions ( Forsberg , C.F , June2006 , p.4 ) .
Moreover , in a MSR , the mobile fission products are removed continuously and reused afterward .
Since the beginning of nuclear power , radioactive waste has remained as a major problem .
However , according to a study published in 2001 , there was a significant increment of leukaemia among under-25 year olds who were living within 10 km of La Hague nuclear reprocessing plants , in northwest France ( Greenpeace , Jan2009 , p.5 ) .
Yet , reprocessing the radioactive waste and recycle the salts seem to be possible in MSR .
Some of the radionuclide still left out in this recycling process .
Still , a molten salt reactor is worth for its price .
Moreover , the system of circulating molten salt fuel mixture can reduce the operation cost considerably which provide MSR another advantage .
( Kloosterman , J.L. , n.d. , para.4 ) Besides that , MSR has a lower construction cost as it is smaller compared to other type of nuclear reactors .
This is due to MSR system offers an integrated fuel cycle and embodying a breeder reactor concept .
In conclusion , despite many people are still opposing the concept of reactor generation IV , I believe that MSR could bring the nuclear power to another new age .
MSR has many advantages such as cost-effective , minimize the danger of disposal and it has a nearly perfect safety precaution which reduce the accident rate greatly .
However , the safety precautions and corrective actions are not fail-proof .
Furthermore , it is essential to note that the most damaging errors made by the engineering team is not regarding the technical aspect of the engineering process but with regard to ethic issue which often jeopardize safety .
Hence analysis of the mind and behavior of man may potentially help rule out the possibilities of such occurring .
In the case of Hyatt Regency walkway collapse , human error was undeniably one of the most influencing factors underlying the failure of the structure .
Even though the collapse of the walkway is due to the failure of components of the structure , it would not have been fatal if the errors was identified and corrected in time .
Not only do engineers have to communicate within their team , but also with representative from various other levels .
In times , the breakdown of the communication system can lead to disastrous consequence .
In the case of Hyatt Regency accident , the miscommunication between the engineering team and Havens Steel Company , the contractor responsible for manufacturing the rods , are very much accountable for the fatal accident .
The manufacturers are not informed of the possible effect of the change in material .
In the case of Hyatt Regency accident , the failure to foresee the large crowd and hence larger workload is one great mistake made by the engineers .
Hence , it will be utmost importance to verify the maximum load that the walkway is able to withstand .
In the case of Hyatt Regency accident , the application of psychology would have possibly prevented the accident .
Since the first use of nuclear reactor as electricity generator in 1957 , the public have been very concerned about its safe operation ( { Matthew } [ HYPERLINK : http : //www.nytimes.com/info/nuclear-energy/ ] , n.d. ) .
Public opposition is even more intense after the accidents at { Three Mile Island } [ HYPERLINK : http : //www.pddoc.com/tmi2/kemeny/ ] and Chernobyl .
But recently , vast amount of supporters surfaced , mainly due to the urgent need in reducing carbon dioxide emissions .
As a result , six generation 4 reactor concepts were proposed by the Generation 4 International Forum ( GIF ) , offering substantial advancement in safety and reliability , sustainability , cost and physical protection ( Generation IV Technology , n.d. ) .
Opponents of VHTR might claim that Lead-Cooled Fast Reactor ( LFR ) exhibit better safety feature for its selection of molten lead as relatively inert coolant ( Generation IV Technology , n.d. ) .
However , the VHTR offers higher degree of passive safety ; for instance , it is built underground , using earth to sink most of the heat produced .
Since reprocessing of nuclear waste can eminently reduces raw fuel input and conserves the world 's uranium supplies ( What Is Nuclear Reprocessing ? , 2000 ) , opponents might argue that the { Gas-Cooled Fast Reactor } [ HYPERLINK : http : //www.gen-4.org/Technology/systems/gfr.htm ] ( GFR ) , { Molten Salt Reactor } [ HYPERLINK : http : //www.gen-4.org/Technology/systems/msr.htm ] ( MSR ) , { Sodium-Cooled Fast Reactor } [ HYPERLINK : http : //www.gen-4.org/Technology/systems/sfr.htm ] ( SFR ) , and LFR offer better performance with the adoption of reprocessing ( Butler , 2004 ) .
On the other hand , reprocessing is extremely expensive , costing more than uranium fuel itself ( What Is Nuclear Reprocessing ? , 2000 ) .
In contrary , the VHTR does not have this issue , for it operates in a once-through uranium cycle .
Since plutonium - the main substance in manufacturing nuclear weapon - is not separated with the nuclear waste , it can not be easily extracted to build nuclear weapons ( Gen-IV , 2005 ) .
The VHTR is equipped with superior passive safety feature with its underground construction , which also greatly increases its security and physical protection .
Furthermore , the VHTR offers high thermal efficiency , while retain the capability of hydrogen production and utilization in heat process applications .
Finally , the VHTR also provides high proliferation resistance , which prevents the surfacing of new nuclear weapons , maintaining peace in the world .
However , many controversies emerge over the development of nuclear reactors because of fear of nuclear leakage and accident .
Considering the fact that the global warming has becoming an increasingly serious problem nowadays , the development of nuclear power is quite necessary .
But if it is to figure in the energy equation , it will need to be cheaper , cleaner and safer " , says Declan Butler .
However , compared with VHTR , the sodium-cooled fast reactor ( SFR ) has more advantages and should be chosen as a main type of reactors in the future .
Furthermore , the closed fuel of SFR can utilize almost all the energy provided by the fuels and the recovery and recycle of the actinides in SFR can reach about 99.9 % , which indicate the a high efficiency of SFR .
Although the sodium is radioactive and easy to have chemical reaction with water and air , the self-activated shutdown system of SFR has largely reduced the possibilities of the leakage of sodium .
More important , there is an extra loop which is called secondary system acts as a buffer in case of the reactions between the sodium and water ( Roglans , Allen & Line , 2002 ) .
Another argument advanced by opponents of SFR is that it can only produce electricity and it has shown little promise of becoming an economical reactor so far ( fast reactor , N.D ) .
It is true that the VHTR can produce not only electricity but also hydrogen ; however , the electricity is more widely used than the hydrogen nowadays .
Actually , the hydrogen energy system is not very mature because of the limited technology so far .
All of these facts show that the SFR is more economic and flexible than VHTR .
On the contrary , the SFR system has more advantages over VHTR on its safety , efficiency and costs , which made the SFR a promising reactor .
The accident resulted in a total of 101 deaths and causing 88 injuries .
The cause of the accident was due to a broken wheel that leads to the derailment of the entire train ( N.A. , 1998 ) .
Further probing into the accident revealed that although the wheels have not been fully tested and commissioned , the wheels were already in service .
Furthermore , in-depth investigations revealed that before the night of accident , the maintenance crew did not carry out their maintenance jobs properly .
Therefore , if a psychologist had been in place during the designing , testing and maintenance phase , the chance of the accident happening would be minimal .
From the feedbacks they received from customers , the company said that passengers could hear loud vibrations in dinnerware and glasses were moving across the table when the train is moving at cruising speed ( Eschede , N.D. ) .Thus , the engineers were tasked to come up with a new design to solve problem .
The engineers claimed that they have superior technical knowledge and by following the specifications on the datasheets closely , there would unlikely be any mistakes in the design , hence , minimal testing is required .
During the testing phase , the psychologist could have proposed that the engineers further test the wheel at a much higher speed , and what problems the wheels might develop under wear and tear conditions .
He could also have said that since there are no testing facilities present , the engineers could have brought the wheel out to other country to run the required tests .
Furthermore , Fraunhofer Institute has already told the company that it is possible that the wheels would fail earlier than expected ( N.A. , 2009 ) .
Yet , no actions have been done by the company to replace the failing wheels .
To ensure that the wheels would be replaced , the psychologist , in this case , can keep reminding the engineers to correct the errors present on the wheels .
The company claimed that the maintenance crew has had many years of experience in inspection and repairing of wheels , therefore , they are the " experts " in this area and whatever they say can be fully trusted .
Yet , the maintenance crew did not bother to repair or replace the wheel , assuming that it would only cause discomfort throughout the journey ( JST , 2009 ) .
Just imagine that there may be relatives or friends of the crew seating in the train that the crew assumed to be safe , and in the end , an accident may happen , and the lives of those they know might be gone .
Thus , if a psychologist is included during the designing , testing and maintenance phase , the chance of the accident occurring would be very minimal as the psychologist can help ensure that the design and testing of the wheels comply to the standards set by organization .
During the maintenance phase , the psychologist could advice the maintenance crew to be more serious in their work the safety of many lives depend on them and not be complacent just because they have many years of experience .
To end , I can say that with the inclusion of a psychologist , the chance of the accident happening would be very minimal .
In addition , the cost of constructing nuclear reactors must be considered given the economic constraints today .
Next , the society is concerned on the safety and security aspect of Generation IV reactors .
A solution to this could be to enforce countries that are intending to build nuclear reactors to sign the nuclear pact with International Atomic Energy Agency ( IAEA ) or else legal actions might be taken against them .
The waste and pollution produced by nuclear reactors is a worrying issue to both the environmentalists and the public , however the U.S. Department of Energy ( DOE ) has already considered this issue and more attention are paid to it .
By approaching the design process from a psychological angle , the usability , functionality , safety and requite user competencies of the design product are ensured to match user expectations .
The accident occurred on the 28 January , 1986 when Challenger disintegrated over the Atlantic Ocean seventy-three seconds into its flight , causing the death of its seven crew members .
It was not known if the O-rings are able to seal properly at temperatures less than 12 ° C and the launch was done in cold weather at a temperature of -1 ° C .
The engineers can only report to their immediate managers who only report to their direct supervisors .
Because of this mindset , the engineers dare not go above supervisors with their concerns for fear that they might lose their job .
However , the development of technology results a continuous evolution of nuclear energy systems .
The memories of the 1979 reactor meltdown at Three Mile Island have made the US government hesitated to order new nuclear power plants ( Nature , 2004 ) .
Also Lead 's low vapor pressure lowers the chances of core explosion and its high shielding capability of gamma radiations minimizes potential off-site radioactive contamination ( Generation IV Technology , n.d. ) .
All these factors reflect the LFR a more reliable future nuclear power generator .
The physical protections promises top security of building nuclear power plants like the LFR .
Studies have shown that the average cost of a nuclear plant is about $ 30 per Megawatt-hour which is only slightly higher than $ 29.1 per Megawatt-hour of a coal plant ( n.d. ) .
Considering the efficiency , sustainability , and environmental friendliness of a nuclear power plant , these benefits far outweighs the small economic disadvantage .
In order to overcome the energy shortage situation today , human beings has tried many ways to explore new kinds of energy , for instance , natural energy which includes wind energy and water energy .
Therefore , scientists and publics suggested that we can develop one kind of energy which can produce high energy efficiently , and that kind of energy is known as nuclear energy .
In my point of view , using nuclear energy is the right way to meet today 's increasing energy demand , due to its high efficiency , environmental emission .
Also , the opposing terms of using nuclear energy , which are : the funds paid on developing this technology is high , the time taking to explore the technology is long and there exists dangers can actually be solved .
Secondly , if we do not use nuclear energy , it must cause a serious shortage on fuel , which will help increase the price of electricity .
Thirdly , if we keep using normal fuel energy instead of nuclear energy , it will weaken the quality of the gas , since it will emit green house gases ; in order to deal with the global warming , governments will pay a lot of money .
Here it is suitable to make an assumption , if the time use to explore this technology is fixed , according to the conclusion reached in the previous paragraph , it is easy to know that if we explore the nuclear energy earlier , we can save more money , save more resources .
Moreover , human beings now can not find a kind of ideal energy to replace the nuclear energy , which means the use of nuclear energy is just a matter of time .
It is true that there still exists dangers , however , with the develop of the technology , it is desirable that those dangers could be overcome .
To sum up , the Generation IV reactors is a trend of 21st century , it will make a great improvement and progress for our life .
During the time with the increasing demand of energy , only the nuclear energy is the correct choice as it has so many advantages if compared with other kind of energies .
Its high efficiency is the most attractive , also , the environmental emission make it better for human beings .
Even though there are shortages that still exist , it is believable that with the development of the technology , all the problems will be solved , all the difficulties can be overcome .
There is a relationship between psychology and design process which can preventing accident from happening .
Here is an example of a real major industrial accident - The world 's deadliest high-speed train accident , which occurred on 3rd June 1998 , in Eschede , Germany .
The steel tire on the wheel broke and peeled away from the wheel , penetrating the floor of the train .
The train was totally damaged after hitting a bridge 's supports .
The proximate causes were the disintegration of the wheel rim and the failure to stop the train after the wheel delaminated .
If the wheel did not crack , no metal will be embedded into the train and the derailment of the train would not happen .
Other than that , if the train had been stopped immediately when the wheel disintegrated , the disaster might not occur and countless lives would have been saved .
Unfortunately , no one intends to pull the emergency brake during the emergency condition .
All this show that decision-making and human action played an important part in the cause of the accident besides component failure .
Design errors in socio-technical system have really made a significant difference to their reliability and safe operation .
However , it is better to use the path of feed-forward control of safety that is to do a correct original system design right from the beginning .
To improve design safety , a human scientist is needed .
Apart from this , a human scientist may also be called upon to help evaluate the prototype by using simulation techniques .
" The reasonable person adapts them self to the world : the unreasonable one persists in trying to adapt the world to them self .
" ( George Bernard Shaw ) .
The conception of engineering psychology is first brought out during the First World War , when people found that the efficiency of machines was reduced sharply when they were operated by women instead of men ( these machines are designed for men and not women ) .
However it is hard to say that whether we can solve the engineering problem by simply improving the psychological problems , since for many engineering incidences the technical problems had occupied an overwhelming part .
Hence in this essay I will argue about the proportion of psychological problem and technological problems during engineering incidence and give a conclusion from my own view .
Based on the report provided by Reason ( 1990 ) , 92 % of all nuclear utility accidents between 1983-1984 were caused by people and only 8 % of them were cause by control room operator .
For instance , there are two serious incidences which are cited frequently in technical literature .
They were happened in Three Mile Island and Chernobyl .
The failing for the first one include : operators are unprepared to handle serious accident due to the lack of training ; complex and confusing operating procedure led to the operators ' incorrect action ; serious managerial problem within the Nuclear Regulatory Commission .
The first factor related to people misunderstands of effect of their action on the whole system , and the second factor is kind of persistent action which is made by a small and cohesive group in the process of pursuing an unsuitable aim .
What is the most iron evidences for his theories is that after realizing these engineering psychology problems , quite a lot of America 's nuclear institutes begin to train their staff in a psychology-related way , which indeed prevent the nuclear accidents from happening again till now .
Although there is no nuclear incidence happen in recent years , it is too biased to say that the engineering psychology can solved the problems by itself .
One saying about the cause of Chernobyl disaster is the problem in peculiarities of physics and the construction of the reactor ( NEI Source Book ) .
These problems definitely can not be solved from psychological view since even we had solved all human-related problem , these defects of system are still vital .
However , the human-factor has again been considered as the main cause to the reactor design by IAEA 's 1986 analysis ( NEI Source Book ) .
To simply solve one of them will contribute nothing to the accident .
After centuries ' exploitation , oil and coal , which human have deeply relied on in the past few hundred years , will dry up soon .
To solve this problem , people tried to find different energy substitutions , among which is nuclear energy .
As carbon dioxide emission soars and energy demands increase rapidly recent years , the nuclear option is finding its way to the table .
Consequently , generation IV nuclear systems are born , including six models .
Generation IV International Forum ( GIF ) , as the authority in nuclear power development , has shown the data which demonstrates that the basic technology for the VHTR has been well established in former High Temperature Gas Reactors plants .
As the result of scary impressions left by two severe nuclear plants accidents in history , many people reject VHTR because of the security issue .
However , we should see the two accidents are both due to human factors rather than the reactors ' own deflects .
What 's more , many scientists have studied the operation security of VHTR , like Hu , S. , Liang , X. , Wei , L. He reported his research results in " { Commissioning and Operation experience and safety experiment at HTR-10 } [ HYPERLINK : http : //htr2006.co.za/downloads/final_download_papers/D00000052.pdf ] " , on the Third International Topical Meeting on High Temperature Reactor Technology in South Africa and put forwards some constructive suggestions to improve the security condition of high temperature reactors .
Considering all these inspiring achievements on VHTR , we should have confidence that we will build secure nuclear reactors which will avoid tragedies happening .
Many politicians reject VHTR on the excuse that the cost is too much and we can not benefit instantly .
When high cost will eventually return us the ample energy supply and clean and comfortable living environment , all the seeming expensive cost is worth spending .
Moreover , the oil and coal crisis forces us to search for substitution , or else , we could not survive in future competition .
It deserves all the effort , no matter in terms of security insurance or work efficiency .
So now we should pay more attention on the developing progress and give more financial support .
Originated from the Ernest Rutherford 's theory about atomic structure and Albert Einstein 's well known mass-energy formula , the development of nuclear power has bypassed a glorious century and become one of the major electrical energy sources now ( U.S. Department of Energy , n.d. ) .
Moreover , besides electricity power , GFR concept plants can also output hydrogen ( Butler , 2004 ) .
As a result , the limitation of Uranium would be less of concern while considering the expansion of nuclear power .
Some of the damage reports done by scientists suggest that a minimal of 30000 deaths in 1986 are related to cancer arising from extreme exposure to the radiation .
This tragic event could have been avoided , or at least , the resultant damage be kept minimal if psychology was implemented in the operating process and procedures of the plant .
Soviet engineers used it even though the design was flawed and has a positive void coefficient ( RBMK , 2006 ) .
This was probably due to the fact that the design was unique and found in no other , but also pose a greater risk .
Some of the strengths of the RBMK reactor would be that it could be refilled on the go and sustain no core damage for a significant length of time should there be a power loss up .
While some may argue that training were unrecorded or informal , it is only proper to provide authorized and thorough training so that accidents can be avoided .
Based on Wilpert ( 2007 ) ,Should psychology be used in this context , the explosion at Chernobyl can be averted .
As mentioned in the previous point , funding can the government can help to reduce the strain on the firm running the plant .
External parties can be called in to provide the training required .
The use of psychology in design processes reduces problem by enabling an engineer to consider the pros and cons of his decision .
The use of psychology would seek to improve engineering designs by preventing the human errors associated with the process .
As more engineers feel stressful from their high workload , psychologist plays an important role in their work .
Designing products should considering psychological factors for consumers and operators .
An inadequate industrial design may lead catastrophic consequences .
( Bernhard , 2006 ) Many people argue that psychology is non-related with engineering design ; companies do not need to spend extra money on the unnecessary outcome .
Human error has been recognized as the main reason for industry accidents ; psychology can prevent human error happening .
( Woods , 1994 )
The amount is a large outcome .
Three Mile Island accident was resulted by human error and design problems ( Backgrounder on The Three Mile Island Accident , 2009 ) .
The whole factory was in ruin , all the residents living in the villages that close to the Three Mile Island must move away .
It is much expensive then S $ 144000 , and thousands of lives were threatened .
People who do not agree that psychology is useful in engineer work demonstrate the purpose of engineering design .
The engineering design is to apply technologies to help people solving problems .
The issue of how to attract consumers is none business with engineers .
Furthermore , they think the job of design engineer is to build factory structure , how to operate is something belongs to operators .
It sounds correct in some extent .
Depending on Prof. Dominic 's Journal , engineers must consider safe factors when they design the structure .
( Dominic , 2002 ) The safe factors include psychological component .
If the arrangements of products and instructions are incomprehensible and complicated , purchasers will be confused when using these gadgets .
( Bernhard , 2006 ) If people do not like using the product , the product is a failure .
Design engineers always overestimate the ability of users ; the design may not give sufficient help to operators .
( Bernhard , 2006 ) Three Mile Island 's tragic consequence is caused by the inadequate structure design .
When the radioactive gas and coolant were leaked , the valve should be closed immediately in order to prevent radioactive materials draining away .
The operator thought that the valve has been closed , but there is no instrument showing the position of valve .
( Three Mile Island 1979 , 2001 ) Then this accident happened .
If designers have designed an instrument to show the process of cooling circuit , then operators may know that the valve had not been closed , and this disaster may be prevented .
People hold the opposite views insist that psychologists can help engineers release their high working pressures out of company .
The work efficiency is different when people work in different feelings .
Psychology can help them to have an active attitude and optimistic emotions to work .
Psychology has prevented accident happened in some extent , it has guaranteed the workers ' mental health .
Incorporate the Psychological factors when they designing products is convenient for purchasers to use .
Furthermore , psychologists can persuade engineers to have good attitude towards their work and help engineers to release their pressures .
Nuclear power deserve the research funding
This is resulted from the emissions of greenhouse gas , such as carbon dioxide , in energy generation using fossil fuels .
As a result , there is an urgent need to find substitute for coal and oil .
Under such circumstances , scientists and engineers find out a new kind of energy-nuclear energy .
According to Butler ( 2004 ) , partial reactor melted down in 1979 at Three Mile Island , Pennsylvania , and of the 1986 accident at Chernobyl in Ukraine , during which the reactor core exploded , killing some 31 people immediately [ 1 ] .
Moreover , " Laws and statues exist in most countries to ensure the safe operation of nuclear plant " ( Lillington , 2004 ) [ 2 ] .
Hence , security of nuclear energy generation can be guaranteed and it is no need to worry too much about security .
According to Stephens ( 2006 ) , the US spends $ 1 billion on FutureGen project which aims at development of carbon capture and storage technologies ( CCS ) [ 3 ] .
In addition , the global warming effects may result in droughts which will reduce crop production and air pollution can result in acid rain which can corrode many properties .
Substitute must be found before fossil fuel is totally run out .
In conclusion , the opposition reasons of nuclear power technology can be overthrow .
The nuclear power technology can solve not only environmental problem caused by the combustion of fossil fuel , but also energy shortage at low cost and in environmental-friendly way .
Many skeptics oppose the idea of building nuclear reactors as they fear similar incident to that in Chernobyl might happen again .
However , I believe this is not very likely as supercritical-water-cooled reactor is designed differently to avoid such incident from reoccurring .
This reactor back then work on a positive void coefficient of reactivity .
CITATION Sat08 \ l 1033 ( Baindur , 2008 ) This makes the skeptics ' worry redundant as the structure is designed to specifically operate under the high temperature and pressure .
Lastly , the benefits that a supercritical-water-cooled reactor could bring make it worth further researching and funding into the reactor .
The reactor is much more efficient than conventional light water reactors : the supercritical-water-cooled reactor has a thermal efficiency of 45 % which is approximately one-third higher than that of conventional light water reactors CITATION Sat08 \ l 1033 ( Baindur , 2008 ) .
Among the six prototypes of nuclear reactors designed , the very-high-temperature reactor ( VHTR ) is one of the most promising candidates proposed in the GIF .
( Umeda , 2008 ) However , many people strongly oppose this new prototype due to their inherent fear about nuclear plants .
( GIF Forum ) Moreover , this technology has been furthermore improved to meet higher temperature requirement .
For example , Japan 's Atomic Energy Research Institute based in Kashiwa has already operated a similar reactor as the VHTR which is able to reach a record high temperature of 950 Degree Celsius in 2004 .
( Butler , 2004 ) Therefore , developing materials that resist high temperatures is no longer a problem for building the VHTR .
The core of the VHTR with multiple protection layers inside is able to withstand stresses at temperatures up to 1600 ° C without cracking .
( Rachael Elder & Ray Allen , 2008 ) Thus the VHTR will be a very safe prototype given it multiple protection layers and effective backup system .
Moreover , waste reprocessing is expensive and fuel consuming as it requires continuous burning of the wastes .
( Declan , 2004 ) Therefore , the benefits of not reprocessing the waste overweigh the costs of storing the waste .
TS Very high gas temperatures can be achieved ( 900-1000 ° C ) within the VHTR to separate hydrogen gas efficiently , thus it offers highly efficient electricity generation .
( Tim Abram & Sue Ion , 2008 ) It can produce 50 % more electricity from the same amount of fuel compared to conventional nuclear plants .
On July 17 , 1981 in Kansas City , Missouri , United States , The Hyatt Regency walkway collapse killed 114 people and injuring more than 200 others during a tea dance .
It was one of the deadliest structural collapses in U.S. history .
( Martin , 1981 ) The accident was caused by the lack of communication between the designers and the constructors .
In the case of walkway collapse , it can be estimated that if psychology was applied during the structural processing , the collapse would be avoided .
Previous research finds that about 90 percent of engineering accidents are due to human errors .
( Gordon & Flin , 2001 ) Hence , psychology , a human science which studies human 's mental processes and behaviors can help to decrease the mistakes caused by human factors .
( Dictionary , 2009 ) To further explain it , psychology can be used to analysis the man-made reasons which causes errors , such as engineers ' attitudes , habits and social ability .
They believed that the other have rechecked the details , while in fact nobody did before construction .
Therefore it can be expected that if psychology was involved during the construction , this tragedy caused by lack of responsibility would not occur at all !
Some opponents argue that it is a " wise after event " or just an imagination to use psychology during engineering processing , for it is hard to combining the abstract psychology with concrete engineering processing .
However , as a branch of today 's applied psychology , psychology in industrial safety is quite practicable and convenient to conduct .
( ) What need to be done is to organize some training sessions which can make the engineers more skillful , or some meetings that cover the common mistakes in engineering processing which embed the awareness of safety in people 's mind. .
Furthermore , it can also be some encouraging activities which help to build the engineers ' loyalty towards their companies and help them to realize their importance in the companies .
Study has proved that when employees feel they are valued during a mission , they tend to be more responsible and as a result , the safety and quantity of production are greatly improved .
( Kelley , 1996 ) As for the collapse accident , if anybody was responsible and recheck the design , it could be avoided .
To summarize , If psychology was involved in the building of Hyatt Regency walkway collapse , which was a practicable measure , this unfortunate accident would have been eliminate at the very beginning .
( { http : //www.orcbs.msu.edu/radiation/resources_links/historical_figures/hahn.htm } [ HYPERLINK : http : //www.orcbs.msu.edu/radiation/resources_links/historical_figures/hahn.htm ] ) { Figures In Radiation History } [ HYPERLINK : http : //www.orcbs.msu.edu/radiation/resources_links/historical_figures/historical_figures.htm ] , they found that , when they used a neutron to collide with another heavy nuclear , the nuclear broke into two parts and there was some mass lost .
The lost mass generates what we call " Atomic energy " , as square of light speed times as the lost mass .
After that , the atomic bomb came up , which leads the end of the World War II .
Actually , the reason why atomic bomb kill so many people is not the explosion itself , it is the radiation generate by the Uranium and chain reaction .
The radiation wo n't dissipate within 100 years .
When people began to use controlled chain reaction , they were really concern about the radiation and the impact on environment .
Although the Atomic Energy Commission had advocated for peaceful uses of nuclear power since the development ofatomic bomb , people were still worried about that .
Although we can not say it is safe enough to use nuclear power , Uranium is really a clean and cheap resource compared with coal and oil .
We are really worried about the Green house gases now , there is a data shows that every year the temperature globally increases 0.2 to 0.3 degree Celsius .
( { http : //anhonestclimatedebate.wordpress.com/2009/01/18/prediction-of-the-may-2009-uah-msu-global-temperature-result/ } [ HYPERLINK : http : //anhonestclimatedebate.wordpress.com/2009/01/18/prediction-of-the-may-2009-uah-msu-global-temperature-result/ ] ) So , it is very effective to use Uranium to stop the Green house gases .
Pure Uranium is easy to transport , because only 1 ton of Uranium will give use the same energy as burning 5000tons of coal .
So , many countries , including U.S , China , Russia , France , U.K and Japan , begin to use Uranium .
In twentieth century , the safety of using Uranium is still under the discussion .
There were a few accident happened during the Uranium 's purification process and reaction process .
Our human 's ability is limited .
We can not say that we have fully control the nuclear reaction process , but it now can be controlled and react at a peaceful rate .
There were many Uranium mine exits underground .
Apart from the increase in nuclear plants ' security , enhanced scram system fitted in SCWR could shut down a reactor in less than 5 second severely deterring a terrorist force in any goal to release radioactivity ( Gonyeau , 2006 ) .
Moreover , much public subsidy funds and tax expenditures are consumed in nuclear research and development projects when they could be used to invest in alternative renewable energy technologies .
Far simpler designs , with elimination of circulation pumps , pressurizers , steam generators , steam separators and dryers reduces its capital and building costs ( Butler , 2004 ) .
It is evident that in the long run , when energy cost for fossil-fueled plant increase continually , using nuclear power for electricity generation is much more economical .
To sum it all , SCWR can effectively meet the requirements of modern globalised world while addressing all the various concerns .
To the mind of opponents of nuclear power , the construction of nuclear power plant will put Mother Earth under threat as nuclear accidents , such as the notorious Chernobyl in year 1986 , can cause massive destruction to the environment and more importantly , they are inevitable .
However , as the days go by , the number of opposition against nuclear energy is decreasing due to the advancements in technology and the realization of the need for alternative sources of power .
Out of the six Generation-IV ( Gen-IV ) nuclear reactors that are introduced , the supercritical water-cooled reactor ( SCWR ) appears to show the most potential to be the nuclear power plant for the next generation to come .
Not only is it safer and more cost efficient , it also yields the most consistent performance as compared to the other types of nuclear reactors .
Comparatively , other types of coolant agent , such as sodium , react more actively in air and it may cause a massive explosion and a sudden discharge of radioactive particle in the air if leakage were to occur .
( Clonemaster , n.d. ) As such , water is the preferred option as a leakage will , at most , contaminate the water at the surrounding of the nuclear power plant and such an occurrence will only pose limited damage to our environment .
It will be unrealistic if one has to pay a lot more for every kilowatt of electricity used .
In spite of this argument , the capital cost of electricity generated from the SCWR will be lower in the long run , due to the simplicity its structure that will make up for the high initial building cost ( Buongiorno , 2002 ) .
This can be backed up from the fact that most nuclear power plants can operate beyond their typical design lifespan of 30-40 years with proper maintenance and the gradual improvement of technology ( International Atomic Energy Agency , 2009 ) .
Consequently , it will be wise to choose the SCWR ahead of the other Gen-IV reactors if it comes to producing low cost power for the future .
In conclusion , the SCWR is the most ideal candidate for the next generation of nuclear power reactor .
As we move away from our dependency on the combustion of coals for energy , we must , at the same time , ensure that the alternative source will be able to perform as well .
The movie was based on a true story whereby the ship named , Titanic , collided with an iceberg and sank on its maiden voyage .
Eventually , it became one the worst maritime accident that occurred during peacetime .
In the case of Titanic , the ship was equipped with high technology water compartment system that will shut special doors in the event of any emergency .
This led engineers to think that Titanic is the safest ship at that point of time .
Titanic was equipped with only 20 lifeboats , so that bulky lifeboats would not take up precious deck space for the first class passengers .
Furthermore , the idea of Titanic being " sinkable " supported the notion that people at that time were overly confident .
Therefore if the engineers of Titanic were prudent in the engineering design process , they would have included a high margin of safety factor to anticipate possible failure during the construction of Titanic .
Not surprisingly , many detractors suggest that the main reason why Titanic sank was due to the fact that the terrain at which Titanic was sailing was poor .
By taking a proactive stance in planning , we can identify our main priorities and set goals achieving it in view of possible setback .
One of the reasons why Titanic sank was due to the fact that the safety was being compromised for aesthetics and convenience .
He gave priorities for private messages over the safety of the ship .
This mindset was probably induced by the culture of the working environment of Titanic .
As Titanic was exclusive and luxurious , the culture of the staff working is to first please their occupant , then safety .
In addition , the Captain of the Titanic did not reduce the speed at which the ship was traveling in order to arrive their destination earlier .
He had in fact been influenced to " speed up " not necessarily in order for Titanic set a crossing record , but to beat the Olympic 's ( Titanic 's sister ship ) crossing record ( Titanic and Other White Star Line , n.d ) .
These only go to show that the crews of the Titanic had set the wrong priorities .
In the case of the Titanic , the accident could had been avoided if the Captain adopts a 'safety first ' culture in the workplace and makes contingency plans for any emergency .
In conclusion , we can not deny that the fact that psychology had an impact in the way we process and manage technology .
In addition , we need to pay more attention to the way we place our priorities .
Sophistication , this term has made quite an impact in the lives of people all over the globe .
Technical advancement and uplift in standards of live has resulted ultimately in the rapid consumption of natural resources .
Electric power is as important to the people now as how food clothing and shelter is .
The Generation IV concepts offer a lucrative solution to the power issue through their very high efficiency in conversion of thermal energy to electricity when compared to their Generation 3 counterparts .
They also offer security in event of an onsite emergency which assures us of the non repeatal of another Chernobyl incident and wins our support .
Our resources are fast dying and if we have to take some radical steps now .
The nuclear power models are chosen and approved by the IAEA ( International Atomic Energy Agency ) based on the aspects of its cost , security and performance .
I prefer the GFR over SCWR for many reasons which we will justify in this essay .
In addition to this it can also be suited to provide hydrogen upon further modifications .
However this thermal efficiency of SCWR is less when compared to the GFR .
A model evaluation was done by scientists Ning Dong , Yao Weida for the SCWR and it found following problems to which SCWR was susceptible .
It can withstand high temperature the conversion rate is high .
And it uses closed fuel cycle , thus the used fuel can be reused again .
( INEEL FY 03 ANNUAL BUDGET REPORT ) Thus SCWR is regarded as a very cheap solution to power crisis .
However the point here I would like to make here is this .
Though the cost of installation of plant and maintenance might be less , however the plant life is only 60 years .
In other words every 60 years the plant has to once again renewed .
So it is when all factors taken into consideration , expensive reactor .
However though it might be higher than that of SCWR the plant life is larger ! .So we need n't once again change plant very often unlike the SCWR..In addition to this it can produce hydrogen as well as manage actinides .
The safety features of SCWR are passive , they do n't need human instructions in case of an onsite emergency .
However if there is a large break in the feed water lines , the heating of fuel will be rapid and this will result in an emergency .
It has few elements added in it which shuts down system during an onsite emergency ( Wilfred , University of Delft 2004 ) .Besides this the plant is made up of materials which can withstand very high temperature .
So there wo n't be any calamities possible .
And it also does n't lead to problems of plutonium fuel as it serves as an incinerator which burns away the wastes .
Thus on the whole if we compare the two models on the basis of these three very important criteria , we find it very clearly that the GFR has an edge over that of the SCWR and hence it should be pursued for research and not SCWR .
For a developing country where economy is rather unstable , people are facing poverty and high unemployment thus it is vital for the country to solve these problems before handling other issues like developing power reactors .
Even though it is known that developing generation IV reactors will benefit the country significantly , we can not neglect the unconstructive effects that come simultaneously .
Oppositions maintain that with the developing power reactors would enable the public to benefit from low-priced electricity that can build more factories which will eventually help to create jobs for the people as well as improve poverty .
However , this claim only takes into consideration the operation cost in the long run and does not take into account for the high set up cost estimated in 2009 to be around 10 billion dollars for just one reactor ( Travis , Johanna , & Emily , 2009 ) .
3 billion today ( Nevada study , 2007 ) and money to conduct continuous research and development ( R&D ) to be estimated around 1.275 billion dollars ( Nuclear Age Peace Foundation , 2009 ) .
Thus , developing countries should strengthen its economy by solving the problem for unemployment and poverty first before the developing of power reactors .
Apart from the above points , it is mentioned by the opponents that by developing power reactors , many job opportunities will be created for the people since they need labour force to run the plant .
These roles demand knowledge on physics , mathematics , chemistry , public safety and security .
In developing countries , there will not be sufficient talented labours to support the development since most of the people are not equipped with such skills ( Travis et al. , 2009 ) .
In due course , developing countries will need to hire foreign talent to take up those professions .
In addition , power reactor plants are dealing with very-high-temperature reactors , some of the reactors like Gas-cooled fast reactors and Supercritical-water-cooled reactors even need high pressure to operate .
The development of nuclear generator IV requires much R&D and high technology thus local workforce might not have enough talented labours to support the operation .
Moderately skilled and lowly skilled labours will still be unable to secure a job .
Moreover , with high technology generation IV reactors , plants are mostly computerized and automated and it requires only a small labour force .
Therefore , by developing reactors it will not improve the unemployment and poverty situation in the country , hence would be wiser to develop the country first .
Developing country can provide funding to assist locals in setting up businesses and factories or encourage Multinational Corporation to set up plants in their country .
After which , the poverty state will also improve gradually since the country 's economy is boost up through time .
The reason why the public reject the idea of nuclear power could be due to the Chernobyl power plant meltdown , one of the most tragic nuclear-related disaster in human history .
The ramification of the Chernobyl incident is so severe to the extent where it reminds everyone of death when nuclear power is mentioned .
In other words , every nuclear plant is like a potential nuclear bomb and terrorist 's attacks are inevitable .
Furthermore , VHTR produces lesser amount of radioactive waste compared to other proposed reactors .
It implies that the total plutonium generated is lesser per unit of energy produced .
As for the remaining nuclear waste , it is stored in underground repository where multilayers of anti-radiation materials are installed to shield them from the external environment .
Though , from a general point of view , it is possible to recycle nuclear fuel but it is not ideal as reprocessing is costly and generates the dreaded plutonium .
There is plenty of radioactive material on earth to run nuclear power for a long time just like how we operate coal power plants .
The difference is that it extents the time needed to find more sources of electricity , probably nuclear fusion .
Opponents may claim that nuclear power plants are incapable of making significant changes to the climate and will even appear as environmental risk .
( 2004 ) further state that the dominant VHTR has a better plant efficiency which indirectly implies that it requires 20 percent fewer tunnels to store its waste .
The advantages of VHTR clearly outweigh the cons of nuclear power .
They directly neutralize the fears of nuclear proliferation due to its once-through uranium fuel cycle .
The development of nuclear power plant becomes more and more important as nuclear power is a more efficient and environmental friendly source of energy .
From 1951 , when the first nuclear power plant generated electricity , the technology of nuclear power has become more efficient and safety .
( VR , 2007 ) Further research and development funding for VHTR should be supported by the governments or companies , because it is an efficient , secure and practicable technology , despite the worries raised by the oppositions .
Many people consider nuclear power industry is highly dangerous since the radioactive fuels can be very harmful to our bodies and environment .
According to a survey conducted in Australia in 2009 on the public opinions of building nuclear power plants in Australia , there were 43 percent of the public opposing the plan because of the safety and security issues with nuclear power plants .
( Munro & Strong , 2009 ) However , nuclear power reactors are much safer and securer than most of people can image even when the reactive temperature is very high .
Such designs are able to slow down neutrons to control the nuclear chain reaction , thus the reactivity can be controlled in a reasonable range and explosions can be prevented .
One reason is that helium is an inert gas , which is hardly reacts with any material .
Additionally , exposing helium to radiation does not make it radioactive , unlike most other possible coolants , for example light water , therefore it is a safer choice of coolant .
However , VHTR is very efficient comparing with the conventional light-water reactor , which can only burn-up 5 % of the initial amount ( n.f .
In this sense , VHTR is efficient in using of energy .
Comparing to a molten salt reactor , VHTR has a simpler design and this leads to another advantage which is its high feasibility .
That is due to the burning of fuel in VHTR is very sufficient thus the amount of waste is very little .
This is because the need of electricity of humans and the relatively low maintaining fees for VHTR .
There are many researches undergoing in U.S. , China and Japan to improve the Very-High-Temperature Reactors .
This arises public concern , due to the previous nuclear accidents which happened at Three Mile Island and Chernobyl , in 1979 and 1986 separately .
To focus the research on Generation IV technology , we have narrowed down into two reactors , which are lead-cooled fast reactor and sodium cooled fast reactor .
On the other hand , sodium-cooled reactor strengthens its safety with long thermal response time and large margin to coolant boiling .
Given the fact that the two reactors focus on different aspect on safety , where the latter focuses on system operation rather than coolant , it is difficult to gauge the effectiveness of their practice based on theories .
Thus , it is inconsistent to compare when we are talking on safety issue .
In term of performance , lead-cooled reactor has high sustainability .
The mentioned reactor has high sustainability due to its coolant , lead which is a low moderating medium as well as a medium with low absorption cross section that enable a core with fast neutron spectrum even with a large coolant fraction .
From the researchers of lead-cooled reactor , we can clearly see the economics side of the reactor .
As being claimed , the life cycle cost of lead-cooled reactor is relatively cheaper than any other reactor .
As an addition point , lead is inexpensive , in theory .
As a matter of fact , sodium ranked sixth as the most abundance material on earth .
If we take in the consideration of the supply and demand theories , lead will be more costly as the demand soars , just like what happened to the crude oil .
Furthermore , sodium-cooled reactor benefits from the researches which were done earlier .
Plus , the earliest delivery of sodium-cooled reactor is 10 years earlier than lead-cooled reactor .
Thus , sodium-cooled reactor is better from economic aspect .
From the evidence I have collected , I have come to a conclusion that sodium-cooled reactor is a better choice than lead-cooled reactor as it outperforms the latter in three aspects , which are safety , performance and cost .
Microsoft is now spearing project Natal , which is involves a controller-free gaming interface , Microsoft Xbox ( 2009 ) .
Although it is less tech-savvy than Natal , but the safety issues it faces might be quite similar in nature .
Some gamers involving in a combat with a virtual opponent might accidentally throw his punches into the television screen , resulting in his fist being trapped within .
Natal gamers might also suffer similar cases of " Nintendonitis " , muscle injuries owing to excessive playing hours of spent on Sony 's Nintendo Wii , Thaindian News ( 2009 ) .
To enhance safety , Natal could use its motion detection system to analyse whether the movement of the player is alright or he should take a rest , and then sends out the respective warning to the player .
This could also help to prevent gamers who are glued to the game to realise that they have played too much .
It has happened before that gamers dies after several hours of continuous gaming .
There are reports showing teenagers ' death from brain stroke after hours of continuous gaming .
It may allow us to have reality in the virtual paradise , increasing our degree of satisfaction when we can fully indulge into the playing of our favourite games , but when we get too carried away , it might cause injuries or death .
However , large scale setup of barriers and tuxedos lookalike safety suit might not be feasible as they increases the cost significantly and limits its actual functionality .
Although public opposition still exist , with the new generation IV reactors , public support for further research and development of higher security and lower cost plants are increasing .
Oppositions of nuclear power claim that the meltdown of the plant is one major reason why it should not exist .
Besides this , with technological advancement , nuclear plants now enforce multiple fail-safe systems coupled with simplistic designs so lesser things could go wrong ( Butler , 2004 ) .
For example , terrorists could steal nuclear material out of nuclear plants as easy as in the case when a thief broke into a shipyard in Russia and stole a container of nuclear submarine fuel ( Digges , 2002 ) .
With this nuclear material , terrorist can create what are known as " Dirty " bombs , and make threats to the public .
However , this argument ignores the fact that terrorism will be around regardless of whether nuclear plants are built or not .
With multiple security features to prevent thefts , then there is no need to be afraid of radioactive materials being stolen .
Terrorist can only take advantage of our complacency , as in the case of the September 911 attacks .
With a well implemented security system , terrorist have no chance of infiltrating the plant .
The final argument that oppositions claim is that the cost to society is very huge .
However this is a short term view of the situation .
Looking at all the arguments that oppositions have made against nuclear power , it can be seen that most are trivial and short termed .
However , the burning of fossil fuels produce greenhouse gases which contribute to the effect of global warming .
While there have been occurrences of leaks and safety incidents , including several in Japan , none of them resulted in severe deaths tolls ( Critical , 2009 ) .
Furthermore , economic viability and stability of nuclear power generation is challenged by adversary .
Finally , an argument advanced by anti-nuclear advocators is that although nuclear reaction does not produce greenhouse gases , harmful radioactive waste that must be stored for as long as a thousand years are generated instead .
Despite so , proponents assured that with proper storage and appropriate protection measures , the nuclear waste should not pose any health risk to the public .
High-level waste , the most dangerous of all nuclear waste , are secured tightly in glass or ceramic before being isolated in storage facilities .
The fact that no solution for disposal of nuclear waste also suggests that there is a need to continue funding further research in nuclear technologies .
However , it might be economically viable with cost of fossil fuel expected to increase .
The safety concerns of nuclear plant are also addressed in the design of new nuclear reactors .
Furthermore , it is projected to be depleted in fifty years time .
As of now , the Lead-Cooled Fast Reactor ( LFR ) and the Sodium-Cooled Fast Reactor ( SFR ) are looking very promising and will likely to be the main choice of nuclear power plant in the near future .
However , further comparison of both the reactors base on cost , performance and safety actually revealed ( LFR ) as the better option .
1 However , the savings only amount to roughly about 10-15 % of final cost of construction .
Instead , ( LFR ) can ultimately have the lowest cost among all other kinds of reactor because intermediate coolant loop is redundant for it .
Besides that , low refueling cycles of up to 15 years can bring down the total cost of constructing and running the ( LFR ) ( Tucek , 2005 ) .2 Builders of the nuclear power plant should not just focus on the one-time cost of construction ; rather , it should be looking at the long term running cost of the plant .
Regarding performance aspect of the reactors , studies often argued that SFR with multiple reheat and inter-cooling can allow the operating temperature to reach to 650 degree Celsius while having thermal efficiencies of between 39 % and 47 % ( Peterson , 2008 ) .3 However , as the result of higher operating temperature of ( LFR ) , it is definitely able to convert electricity more efficiently as compared to the former ( Butler , 2004 ) .4
Ultimately , if we are talking about performance based on the total power output of the plant , ( LFR ) definitely have an edge over ( SFR ) , which operates at lower temperature and does not produce hydrogen as part of its process .
In fact , Sodium as a coolant in a nuclear reactor has actually been around for quite sometimes .
However , in terms of chemistry property , sodium itself is a very reactive and any leakage during an accident will put the plant operators at risk .
Furthermore , lead superior neutronic properties and its small coolant temperature reactivity coefficient means that it could be easily controlled when there is an accident ( Hejzlar , 2009 ) .5 For example , in the event of an accident , the natural circulation in ( LFR ) is enough to take away the nominal power of the system .
In conclusion , based on the three most important consideration of a Generation IV reactor , it is clear that Lead-Cooled Fast Reactor is far more superior to to Sodium-Cooled Fast Reactor .
We are earnestly looking for solutions to these problems , and nuclear energy , has been proposed as a solution to solve these two problems at one go .
The production of nuclear energy does not have carbon dioxide as a by-product , thus it can reduce the effect of global warming , which is the reason of many other problems , like rising of sea levels .
Nevertheless , we should not neglect the unique wasted which can be produced by nuclear power plants alone during its energy production process .
( What is nuclear waste , n.d. ) It is very hard to recycle or dispose those wastes due to their unique nature , like the wastes produced by VHTR .
However , there are a few things we should concern , the practicality of mining on the moon and the cost of mining on the moon .
It is no doubt that it is extremely expensive to fly to the moon and do the mining there .
However , looking at the incident of partial reactor meltdown in 1979 , which took place at Three Mile Island , Pennsylvania , and the notorious nuclear accident at Chernobyl in Ukraine in 1986 ( Butler,2004 ) , people may rethink of the statements they have made .
The result of Chernobyl accident is disastrous as the radioactive debris spread across Europe and affected a lot of people in different countries .
Some infected people later develop all kinds of diseases , and some new born children are distorted as well .
Some people argue that the deaths per year in nuclear plants is much less than that in coal mines .
However , if we take into account of the set up cost of the nuclear plants , which are more high-tech than coal plants , they are definitely much more expensive .
In conclusion , nuclear energy may have some seemingly advantages , however , the problems associated with it is not negligible .
Therefore , nuclear energy may not be a desirable alternative , we should put more of our focus on better energy sources like solar power .
Request by the capital delayed the test pass midnight resulting in it being conducted by a less proficient night team .
The test was approved only by the director of plant , without the coordination of the reactor 's chief designer or scientific manager ( Nuclear Energy , 2009 ) .
In this manner , there is a high chance that the accident would not have occurred since the most qualified personnel are managing the test .
In addition these reactors require highly skilled professionals ( Reason , 1988 ) .
This way , the operators would not have retracted the control rods during the pre test stage since the system would be automated .
They believed that feedbacks may end up counterproductive and deter engineers from verbalizing their creations in fear of evaluation .
A Germany 's Inter-City Express ( ICE ) trains derailed and slammed into an overpass , killed 101 people and injured 200 people in June of 1998 , ( Castellano , 2007 ) .
With a further investigation , people discovered the evidence of poor wheel design , poor bridge construction , insufficient failure detection system , ineffective emergency procedures and insufficient design verification testing .
As a result , safety improvements and major engineering changes were implemented in order to prevent such disaster from happening again and which includes the studies of psychology in design process .
First of all , the use of psychology in the design process could have prevented the accident by realizing the need of adding several failure detection systems on the train .
However , in this situation , the engineers did not identify the inherently safer options ( as cited in Wilpert , 2007 ) which led to insufficient of failure detection systems that were installed in the train .
The Japanese bullet trains equipped with a detection system that can alert the train operator about wheel deformation and failure during the operation so that the operator may manually activate the emergency brake .
If the train was installed with this system , the accident might not have happened .
The passenger tried to warn the crew but was refused by the train manager due to the reason that he needs to investigate the problem by himself first .
According to Wilpert ( 2007 ) , the designer 's and the user 's conceptual model of a system or a device must be matched in order to reduce the problems that might have occurred during the time of using it , in this case , the train .
If the company policy was made with referenced to a common sense that was agreed by everyone , such as , the train services in Singapore and the United Kingdom that made the control of emergency brakes available to the travelling passengers , the chain of failure would have been broken .
The third and most important thing to use psychology in the design process in this accident is that , it could have revealed the poor design of the wheel that has caused the accident .
The ICE trains were equipped with single-cast wheels which after the accident , the engineers realized that the design of the wheels could makes the metal to fatigue and causes out-of-round conditions that vibrates at cruising speeds .
To sum up , with the use of psychology in the design process , the problems such as insufficient of failure detection systems that were installed in the train , company 's policy that was not allowed the train manager to stop the train , and the poor design of the train wheels would not have occurred .
To conclude , the train accident that had happened in Germany could have been prevented with the use of psychology in the design process .
The collapse was due to the retaining wall not able to handle the stress of supporting the tunnel and it gave way ( Andrew , 2005 ) .
Nevertheless , there are substantial points to which psychology can prevent the accident from happening if it has been implemented in the design stage .
Though the design was approved , the blueprint was in fact design by engineers .
In addition , the use of the weak materials is due to the wrong mindset of the NLC wanting to earn more profits by cutting input materials cost is seriously a wrong attitude and perception .
Therefore , the lack in engineering knowledge of the LTA 's personnel resulted in the approval of the blueprint which in turn results in the collapse .
Furthermore , the supporters insist that the higher management within LTA and NLC had stringent control of the design phase despite the fact that the structure was used temporary .
However , the truth is about the wrong mindset of the engineers and workers .
The wrong attitude about temporary structure causes them to let off their guards and become ignorant of the risk that the weak structure might pose .
Besides that , the NLC 's design engineers ignore its failed risk assessment and continue to proceed with the blueprint without revealing the actual data to LTA ( IES , 2005 ) .
This is because NLC would want to complete their job within schedule so to avoid paying penalties to LTA ( IES , 2005 ) .
Thus the over-eagerness and the time pressure exerted on them often lead to short-cuts and worsen the failure further ( Wilpert.B , 2007 ) .
Lastly , the opposing party argues that all workers involved in this project have a strong sense of safety culture since it is compulsory to attend the Construction Safety Orientation Course ( CSOC ) before commencement of any construction work ( MOM.Compulsory , 2007 ) .
Although they have attended the CSOC , there were dysfunction relations within the organization ( Wilpert.B , 2007 ) .
The incapability of the project management team failed to address the warning signs present in the early stage and implement corrective measures .
These human errors can be referred to some form of psychology which is important in all human endeavors .
Thus , having certain knowledge about it will definitely aid in the understanding of human behavior and the reasons to why human makes mistakes .
Every nation is caught up with energy shortage problem .
Nuclear power stands out as one of most prospective alternate source .
In the event of leakage , numerous people are probably left dead , much more affected in a long lasting period ever since .
Cleanup of the accident required $ 1 billion and longer than 10 years to complete , " as depicted by findingDulcinea Staff ( 2009 ) .
A community of misfortunes have happened , mainly resulted from a failure in control of pressure and temperature .
All these back-up system going wrong , SFR still can pull through safely as passive reactor shutdown system and decay heat removal by natural circulation are still in their position as a line of defence .
Moreover , conventional reprocessing recovers plutonium and uranium from waste , as worried in Plutonium Wars ( 2004 ) .
" The research on waste disposal and reprocessing are still going on for the envisaged SFR to realize .
The final statement made by opponents is the high construction cost of SFR .
Customers can choose to bear different costs to their own needs .
This reduces their potential cost in the construction of a reactor which is larger that they need .
The SFR 's fast spectrum also makes it possible to use available fissile and fertile materials ( including depleted uranium ) considerably more efficiently than thermal spectrum reactors with once-through fuel cycles , as told by Generation IV International Forum .
Such reduction in fuel cost solve the problem noted by MIT ( 2003 ) that " economically , new nuclear plants would not be able to compete with coal and gas .
" Apart from benefit from considerable technological experience , SFR , also offer the potential to operate with a high conversion fast spectrum core , with the resulting benefit of increasing the utilization of fuel resources as Generation IV International Forum highlighted .
It should be evident that none of the opposing statement is valid for SFR .
High construction is offset not only by multiple construction options , but also by efficient utilization of fuel resources .
More importantly , research is carrying on for SFR , the most promising generation IV reactor .
Chernobyl disaster was a major engineering accident that occurred in the year 1986 .
Opposition might argue that human errors occur on a random basis ; therefore they could not be prevented .
It was this violation of safety rules by the operators prior to the accident that caused the explosion , thus psychology during the design process would not contribute anything beneficial to the operations .
Control rods which act as absorbers were withdrew from the core to increase the power of the reactor .
All the circulating pumps were connected to the reactor that had its control rods withdrew .
Power began to rise and the absorbers were sent back to the core to control the reaction , however they were unable to plunge fully into the lower stop due to mechanical fault .
The impact of human errors could be minimized when appropriate safety mechanism were installed on the system .
Psychologist could brainstorm for possible human errors that could be committed by the operators and recommend counter measurements .
One possible counter measurement against human errors could be to configure the system in such a way that whenever safety has been compromised , the system will be automatically shut down .
All operation knowledge and trainings should be properly imparted by the engineers to the operators so as to guarantee system operation efficiency and safety .
All these measurements taken will reduce the human errors to an insignificant level , thus those mistakes committed might not cause such a huge impact and Chernobyl accident might not has occurred .
Engineers failed to rectify the design errors found in the first generation , thus all shortcomings were modeled into the second generation reactor .
The use of psychology since the start of design process would rectify all the faults found .
Psychologist , being the middleman , will connects all the engineers together to design the new reactor .
Psychologist must be present to give his or her safety judgments to incorporate addition counter measurements against possible human errors .
The use of psychology could also remove all the design flaws and add in desirable mechanism to the system , thus creating a more efficient reactor for both the engineers and operators .
Therefore the use of psychology during the design process would have possibly prevented the Chernobyl incident .
Almost every day when we read newspaper , articles about energy saving or increasing oil price will jump into our sight .
Actually , global warming and energy crisis have been being extremely hot topics these years and large proportion of governments ' revenue has been spent on the research and development of new energy resources , such as solar energy and tidal power .
Coil and oil have brought us problems like global warming and acidic rain ; hydro projects have deteriorate the environment of areas flooded and downstream and can lead to great economical loss and mortality once dams are collapsed ; the mirrors and panels used for solar energy production can affect the environment too .
Besides safety , people concern much about the work efficiency .
Nobody wants to spend so many resources to develop something operating poorly .
In addition , the high temperature exchanger and electrical heater of a VHTR system avoid significant efficiency penalty .
Last but not the least , every technological innovations should be feasible not only technically but also economically .
The earlier delivery means the earlier alleviation to these impending problems and more payback .
And among the six proposed new generation nuclear reactors , the VHTR systems are the best in consideration of various facets .
Could this accident have been avoided or to be specific could the use of psychology during the design process prevent this accident from happening ?
Major accidents besides Zeebrugge such as the 'Three Mile Island ' incident and the 'Chernobyl 'disaster is said to be caused by human error .
I will look into the 'Zeebrugge ' incident in detail to prove that it could have been avoided if psychology is used during the design process .
Although it might seem a good idea at first but having a huge hull means that the boat can easily turn over when there is water on deck ( Noyes & Stanton,1997 ) .
Another design flaw is there were no light indicators to give notice the status of the bow doors .
Considering that one of the reasons that the accident happened is because the bow doors were still open when the ferry left the port ,it makes us wonder whether the accident could really have been avoided if proper precautions were taken .
When designing a product or even a system , engineers must make sure that there are safety measurements or considerations taken in the design .
Another cause of the ferry capsizing is the lack of interaction within the organization .
When water started to flood in the 'Herald Of Free Enterprise ' , one deck hand noticed it but did not report the matter because he thought that others may have notice and it was not his job .
That way of management is very harsh as the workers safety and their health is very important .
Looking in the 'Zeebrugge ' incident , the worker which was suppose to make sure the bow doors are closed , was asleep .
Because the higher-ups forced the workers into exhaustion an engineering accident have happen .
The workers psychological state and physiological state must be good in order for him to perform his job .
When the workers mind is in the right place , then he will be happy and content when working ( Carpentier & Cazamian,1977 ) .
It is without question that the 'Herald of Free Enterprise ' would not have capsized if psychological approach is taken during design process .
Not only the incident at 'Zeebrugge ' ,many major accidents can benefit from this approach in design .
The fundamental issues when designing is that it should match its expectations and also safe to operate ( Wilpert,2007 ) .
Although it is impossible to totally remove human error from operations ,the next best thing we can do is to reduce it and by using psychology such a goal can be achieved .
In the past few decades , nuclear energy was considered as a futuristic and exotic technology which requires a lot of research and experiments in order to develop these farfetched ideas .
Our next step will be innovate generation IV reactors which are cheaper , safer and cleaner compare with the current nuclear reactors .
Among the six generation IV reactors concepts , the Very High Temperature Reactor concept is worth to do further research and development funding for it .
As an introduction , the Very High Temperature Reactor concept uses either a prismatic-block or pebble bed reactor design graphite-moderated core with uranium fuel cycle to generate electricity and produce hydrogen through thermochemical process .
This high temperature reactor used inert helium to keep the reactor cool and can consider as passively safe .
Its first test run has a quite satisfied result by achieving its goal of 9500C without having any sign of partial reactor meltdown .
In Taipei , Taiwan , the government rather extends its oldest nuclear plant 's life and willing to take the risk of public safety just to cut down the greenhouse effects .
However , we can not deny the fact that nuclear energy will produce radioactive wastes that raised the concern of the public .
This safety issues arises is due to the huge information gap besides lack of communication and understanding between the experts and the public about the safety measurements taken during the operation of nuclear power plant .
In term of performance , the Very High Temperature Reactor concept manage to generate 50 % more electricity compared with other conventional plants such as Pressurized Water Reactor .
This is because this reactor is designed to run at temperature 10000C which is the highest temperature used among the generation IV reactors to generate electricity by using the same amount of fuel .
This reactor do not has waste recycling process and instead , waste goes directly to repository .
We should cut down the amount of plutonium existed and not increase its quantity for further development .
There 's no doubt that up-front cost of nuclear power plant building is relatively expensive compare to those associated with fossil fuels .
In fact , there is a lot of ways to mitigate these costs .
The Very High Temperature Reactor is considerably cheap compare to other reactors .
Hence , this reactor does not need a very long research period and cut down the unnecessary development funding .
It not only decreases world 's dependency on fuel oils to generate electricity , but also act as an environment protector .
Although there are few drawbacks of nuclear power , we can reduce these negative effects by using the latest technology in newer reactor and emphasis on public safety .
As long as we use it wisely and efficiently , i believe that nuclear power greatly overweighs other type of energies .
Current means of generating electricity such as burning of fossil fuels are getting less viable by the day due to its depleting source .
Hence , there is a need for new alternative methods of generating electricity that is capable of satisfying the energy demand of the growing world population .
Nuclear plant takes advantage of the heat generated from nuclear fission and uses it to heat up water , producing steam .
However there are six new generation IV reactors being developed at the moment that promises to resolve many of the issues posed by generators of the past .
The chief issue that the public have against nuclear reactors is of course it 's safety .
Past events such as the incident in Chernobyl serve as a grim reminder of the dangers that comes with a nuclear reactor .
The reaction itself , unlike other generation IV plants , is moderated by uranium oxycarbide coated graphite , a naturally safe choice , capable of retaining radioactive waste .
Besides that , helium , the coolant of choice in VHTR is chemically inert .
The public tend to moan about the high economical cost necessary in building and maintaining a nuclear plant .
For one , constant research and testing ensures that the safety of these reactors are not compromised .
Despite the relatively high volume of research needed for VHTR compared to the other nuclear reactors , the fact that researchers are able to reassure its delivery by the year 2020 , five years earlier than most of the other reactors means that the research work on VHTR is much simpler compared to the other reactors , costing less .
The performance of generation III nuclear reactors have also raised concerns .
Plus , generation IV nuclear reactors are much more efficient than those of generation III because of the higher energy conversion rate that they have to offer .
In conclusion , unless the world decides to live completely in the dark , a new method of generating electricity needs to replace the constantly depleting fossil fuels that we current rely so heavily on as an energy source .
In a time where energy sources are depleting rapidly , call for new alternate energy has being made by several countries and large amount of effort and money had been poured for this new cause .
Nuclear power energy has being claimed by many as the most desired new energy source for the new age ( Butler , 2004 ) .
However in my opinion , other alternate energy sources like solar and hydro energy have more potential to be the new dawn for energy as they have far more advantages than nuclear energy and with lesser risk involved .
Firstly , there have been reports that the use of nuclear energy is much safer as there are much fewer accidents happening in nuclear plant compared to the number of accidents that happened in conventional fuel-burning energy plant .
Indeed , there might be a decrease in the number of accidents in nuclear plant , in contrast to the thousands of death that happened in conventional energy plant .
The sheer number of people affected in one nuclear accident is far more than the number of accidental deaths happened in conventional energy plant over the years .
These effects can range from immediate death to nausea , vomiting , radiation burns , moreover these are just the immediate effect on human health ; some indirect effects include death in ten days , leukemia , cancers , genetic damage to offspring and even premature ageing depending on the amount of radiation received ( Amory , 2009 ) .
A major area of the use of nuclear energy is the issue of safety .
Many researchers like Butler supported that the energy produce by nuclear power plant is safe and it can generate a large amount of energy which will solve the pressing matter of depleting fuel sources .
One of the generation IV reactor concepts is the 'very high temperature reactor ' with operating conditions such as high pressure and thousand of degree Celsius ( Butler , 2004 ) .
It is a well-known fact that the by-product of the nuclear plant ; mainly the nuclear waste have being used for developing nuclear weapons ( Wald , 2000 ) .
The development of nuclear weapons has being condemned by several countries and organizations like the U.N ( United Nations ) .
Although some might claimed that the security of these nuclear resources will not be misuse , however it is almost impossible to guard against such cases ( Butler , 2004 ) .
Moreover , the ever increasing risk of terrorism will result in a much threatening situation if nuclear weapon is been stolen .
It is unimaginable the amount of damage that will occur if the terrorists are able to get their hand on a nuclear power plant .
In fact this is not true at all .
The amount of money that is required to build these is usually an astrological amount ( James , 2002 ) .
Not to mention there are many underlying cost such as the nuclear plant maintenance fee , the land required to build a reactor and the waste management system .
The maintenance fee that is required for each nuclear reactor is much higher than for a conventional energy plant as the safety measures for these plants are much more detailed since it is handling highly reactive substances .
After a certain amount of usages or a period of time , a nuclear reactor will have to be decommissioned and the cost incurred is not only just large sum of money , land spaces are needed too .
All these costs incurred by the nuclear reactor is much more hurting to the economics rather than easing the financial factor for countries .
In conclusion , all the following aspects such as the security , safety and costs component for a nuclear reactor indicates far more disadvantages and risks compared to the advantages that nuclear reactor brings about .
Thus , in my view , there are much better technology and energy than nuclear power around , so there should be more emphasis and support for other technologies .
The most devastating effects of global warming was the South-Eastern Australian heat wave which brought temperatures soaring above 43 degrees Celsius according to the International Committee of the Fourth International ( 2009 ) .
However , we can reduce global warming by using the Generation IV ( Gen IV ) reactor concepts nuclear plants .
One such reactor is the Very High Temperature Reactor ( VHTR ) where it can produce large volumes of energy cleanly , reliably , safely and affordably .
On the contrary , a team of energy experts from various government , academic and private sector research units noted that wind and solar powers are not very reliable as they are only generated when the wind is right or when the sun is shining ( Science Compass , 2002 ) .
For example , a VHTR costs 2 billion dollars and is able to supply electricity to billions of homes and one wind energy system for one home costs 25,000 dollars .
This technology would not only destroy most of the nuclear waste , it would also make the existing waste a very valuable source of energy .
Hence , with more research and time given to develop the technology , nuclear waste would not become a persecution anymore .
In conclusion , the VHTR can be seen as a safe , reliable and an affordable way to produce electricity since electricity has become a necessity in our everyday lives .
Currently , the reactors have already evolved till the fourth generation and there are six different concepts .
These concepts had evolved due to the Generation IV International Forum ( GIF ) where a team of ten nations will plan the direction for future nuclear reactors ( Butler , 2004 ) .
As such , I do not support to provide funds for further research and development ( R&D ) for the building nuclear power plants .
There will also be fluctuations in the cost , depending on the period the plant is built and this is a major component of the cost of building nuclear plant .
All these daily costs are rather fixed , thus a reduction in the operational side is rather unlikely .
However , in the long run , savings in the operating costs could be a rather large with the help of improved technology .
It refers to the nuclear power plant is being treated as nuclear waste .
On the contrary , though for nuclear power plants , we have to take into account decommissioning costs which are not found in other types of plants producing electricity but for nuclear power plant , no cost is incurred in the cleaning up of the waste products being produced during the production of electricity .
In conclusion , the different factors of costs , mainly construction costs , operating costs and decommissioning costs contribute to almost the whole cost of building nuclear plant .
This is backed up by the fact that no new nuclear power plants have been ordered in the US since 1978 as the high costs have caused many problems such as bankruptcies ( Clayton , 2009 ) .
In a world where technology has fitted seamlessly into , the threat of global warming and raising energy needs which affects the future of our planet has never been greater .
Given the gloom forecast on global warming due to the environmental impacts caused by greenhouse gases , it is not surprising that countries are turning towards nuclear energy as an alternative .
As stated in Butler 's article ( Butler , 2004 , para.9 ) , the production of nuclear power plants may cost up to a hefty US $ 1 billion , yet it may end up as the cheaper alternative as compared to the rising cost of oil and fuels , since fossil fuels are getting scarcer , and hence more expensive .
The GCFR has a 50 % increase in efficiency as compared to Generation II 's reactors .
Besides it would take many hectares of land covered with solar collectors , wind farms or hydro-electric dams to equal this power .
The damages caused by global warming may be causing the birth of nuclear technology , and given the benefits that it brings , it comes as no surprise that extensive research is constantly being done to ensure the smooth delivery for this re-new source of energy .
In contrast , nuclear only resulted in thirty-one for the same period .
Crucially , when extrapolated to the event of a hypnotised terrorist strike , it showcased the capability of current technology to work during emergency .
They argued that investing resource into constructing the related facilities is not economical .
In the United States in 2008 , the cost of electricity from nuclear production was 1.87 cents per kilowatt-hour , lower than coal or gas which was 2.75 and 8.09 respectively .
The average capacity factor for plants in the United States was fifty-six percent in 1980 as compared to ninety-one percent in 2008 .
Nuclear power has always been a very controversial topic over the past a few decades .
The proponents emphasized on its high energy potential while the opponents were so much concerned about its radioactive nature that might cause harms .
As energy resources have become more and more precious and our technologies keep upgrading , the supporting side of nuclear power seems winning in recent years as nuclear power plants are increasing in numbers in America , China , Japan and other countries .
Butler2004says that the Supercritical-water-cooled reactors ( SCWR ) should be used .
Nuclear energy will be the one as nuclear power can produce 50 % more electricity compared to coal and it emits less amount of dangerous oxides such carbon dioxide , sulphur dioxide and so on .
Thus , nuclear energy is more cost-efficient compared to existing energy resources and it is more environmental-friendly .
Moreover , nuclear power system is much more secure than other energy resource systems .
The establishment of a nuclear plant is under consideration of long-term researches and preparations .
Once the plants are built up , safety precautions will be installed and working staffs will be carefully selected .
For instance , North Korea has announced to be a " powerful nation " by 2012 in terms of nuclear weapons .
Many nuclear power projects are not able to implement under pressure such as the one initialized by Korea Peninsula Energy Development Organization ( KEDO ) .
Governments have spent large amount of money in maintaining the safety of nuclear power plants .
Technologies are kept upgrading to ensure the smooth running of the systems .
The number of immediate fatalities from 1970 to 1992 for nuclear is 31 and those for coal and gases are 6400 and 1200 respectively .
To sum-up , the nuclear energy is much more environmental-friendly and it is a better choice compared to coals and gases as more electricity can be generated by the same amount of nuclear energy with comparative costs .
Since the nuclear reactor accident at Three Mile Island and Chernobyl , it has been two decades before the issues regarding conventional nuclear power being brought up once again due to increasing cost of power generation .
The Generation IV International Forum ( GIF ) has selected six nuclear systems which have the potential to be used as commercial electricity generator and in my opinion , the supercritical-water-cooled reactor ( SCWR ) and the very high temperature reactor ( VHTR ) are the better ones compared to the rest of the reactors .
On safety feature , the SCWR operates at a lower temperature ( 510C - 550C ) than the VHTR ( 1000C ) which gives the impression that VHTR is more dangerous than the SCWR .
VHTR uses helium gas as coolant which does not react with other substance even at high temperatures ( Chang , 2007 ) .
Therefore , nuclear power must be able to be produced at a cost lower than conventional power plants .
Hydrogen production needed a high temperature of 700C , so heat from VHTR can be transferred to hydrogen production plant but SWCR does not produce high enough temperature .
Experts see hydrogen as the future fuel and large amount of hydrogen are needed to convert heavy oils and tar sands to liquid fuel .
With the development in industries and technology , the consequences of mistakes in design processes become increasingly disastrous ( LaPorte , 1996 ) .
Some have also argued that the enrolment of psychologists increase the cost of production and may also hinder engineering creativity .
Despite all these opposing arguments , I firmly believe that the practice of psychology is essential in design processes to help avoid human errors and prevent disasters .
In this article , I would like to focus on the Eschede tain disaster and discuss how the practice of psychology can help prevent the disaster .
This point of view is not true since design processes are human activities and human activities are always accomplished by human errors .
Psychology , by studying human behaviours and activities , is able to detect these human errors and help avoid and eliminate accidents ( Stanton , 1996 ) .
The practice of psychology would help spotting such negligence and the accident would probably be avoided .
As such , practice of psychology should be involved in design processes to help eliminate human errors and avoid accidents .
For the Eschede train disaster , it was later revealed that the Fraunhofer Institute had observed possible tire failure as early as 1992 , however the problem was ignored until the disaster happened ( Hall , 1987 ) .
Other accidents in engineering history also revealed the lack of enough attention of the consequences of errors in engineering field .
Another opposing view expressed by some managers is that the enrollment of psychologists in design processes will increase the cost and time spent .
This is a valid concern ; however it can not deny the significance of practice of psychology in design processes .
The additional cost spent is far less significant than the payoffs if accident occurs .
For example , for industries where design processes are complex and consequences of errors are tremendous , enrolment of psychologists may be integrated , while for other industries which involves less complicated designs , psychologists may step in only after each design stages or at the end of the designs .
Considering the increment in cost of production , psychologists may be enrolled in various degrees according to the nature of the industry and the respective products .
For industries where professional knowledge is required , engineers educated in psychology should be involved in design processes such that safety factors can be given enough attention while innovation process will not be influenced .
To resolve these concerns , experts proposed several designs for the next generation of reactors .
However , with fossil fuel depleting fast ( Howden , 2007 ) , alternative sources of energy needs to be explored ; hence research on nuclear power as an energy source should be carried out .
This relieves the considerations industries have for profits and operation stability .
Furthermore , with stability , accidents are unlikely to occur , and therefore resolves the concerns people have for safety .
This is critical as one motive of looking for alternative energy sources is to have a long lasting source , thus this property should be prioritized .
Nonetheless , land constraints may be resolved by situating the nuclear plant offshore , listed as one of the considerations by the government of Singapore ( Li , 2008 ) .
With alterations to the operating temperature , pressure , waste recycling ability and power output of present nuclear reactors , the LCFR design is able to address many concerns the world has towards the utilization of nuclear power .
As it 's a very promising energy source , it is not a wonder that nuclear power is extremely enticing to mankind .
The danger , which nuclear power hold , is a big concern and it has holding the development of nuclear technology back for decades .
The radioactive waste produced in a nuclear process is also dangerous and last for a very long time .
After years of development , the scientists published six generation IV reactor concepts which should solve most of today problem in nuclear plants .
The most promising would be the sodium-cooled fast reactors ( SFR ) because , from safety wise , SFR needs low pressure and temperature to operate and it does n't produce hydrogen which is volatile .
In terms of safety , SFR is safer because of its necessary condition , like temperature and pressure , to operate and the waste it produced .
SFR operates on a temperature around 5500C which for a nuclear plants , this is considered a low temperature for a nuclear plant to operate .
The low temperature indicates that we do n't need to manufacture a new kind of material to withstand the temperature .
It can be seen from other concepts ; most of the concepts are operated at almost twice the temperature SFR is operating .
SFR is also operating on a pressure around atmospheric level so it 's safer because the high pressure will increase not only the stress emitted to the walls of the plant but also the damage if an explosion happens .
This means that no radioactive waste released to the public and also no hydrogen as a byproduct .
As no radioactive waste was thrown out , there is no danger of radioactive poisoning .
The risk of explosion is lowered because no hydrogen is produced but it still need to be cautioned as we are using sodium as a coolant and sodium not only explodes if it 's in contact with water but also burns if it touches air .
Operating in low temperature and pressure also means that this model is efficient as less heat is being transferred out of the system and the energy is turn to electricity .
The fact that radioactive resources are being processed repeatedly until it changes into non-radioactive compounds and no byproduct produced also indicate that this model has high efficiency SFR has a high capital cost due to the necessity to use magnesium oxide as the container of sodium to prevent it leaking .
This problem repels many countries to pursue the SFR model further but if they managed to build an SFR plant , the profit that comes from building one will cover the capital cost just in several years .
Right now , there are researches to reduce the cost by improving the design of SFR and the most prominent is probably by improving the design of the core of SFR .
From all the advantage like the low pressure and temperature condition , almost no radioactive waste and no other byproduct like Hydrogen , it can be seen that SFR is the most promising and advantageous model compare to other reactor concepts and it is worth every dollar spent to pursue deeper research and development .
This model 's weaknesses like the high capital cost and the danger of using sodium are actually solvable by producing a new metal that incapable of reacting to sodium .
The issue of safety is of most concern over the debate of whether nuclear reactors should even be in operation .
The world 's natural resources are depleting rapidly fast and there is a need to search for alternatives to meet the ever increasing energy demands of the world .
Both of these designs incorporate helium as a coolant and produces electricity as well as hydrogen as their energy output ( Butler , 2004 ) .
However , the favourable VHTR has advantages in performance , safety and cost that outweighs those of the GCFR and thus should be given support for further research and development .
Firstly , the VHTR spot better performance than the GCFR .
However , with less waste produced means that the same fuel is reused several times .
However , the VHTR has a temperature monitoring system that constantly monitors the temperature of the core to prevent any meltdowns from occurring and a proper back up system that continues producing energy during a malfunction .
This is particularly important for a country like France where 80 % of its energy depends on nuclear ( Butler , 2004 ) .
Relying on visual inspection of the core will not do sufficient for the GCFR to meet safety standards .
Waste recycling will produce plutonium and uranium in its pure form , which is an active ingredient use in the making of nuclear weapons ( Butler , 2004 ) .
This problem is not present in the VHTR that stores waste instead of recycling them ( Very High Temperature Reactor , n.d ) .
The VHTR has a better performance in terms of high energy output , a safer design that meets safety standards and ultimately a more cost effective solution .
In July 17 , 1981 , the interconnected second level and fourth level hanging walkways in the Hyatt Regency in Kansas City collapsed , killing 114 and injuring an additional 200 more ( Hotel Horror ) .
However , the identification of this particular problem through behavioral observation by a psychologist may not be a good method given that the multitudes of other problems that might occur , thus leaving a lot of the fault-finding process to chance .
The implementation of safety orientated intervention practices as discussed by Geller ( 2001 ) can then help cast a wide net of control over the domains of possible human errors .
This is where there it is necessary for a psychologist to compliment the design process , by looking out in the directions where the design process is unable to cover .
Given the importance of this task and the possible stresses of the job , it can very risky to only have one person in charge .
The ICE train accident in Eschede happed in June 1998 .
It causes 101 death and 88 injured , which made it the worst accident in the history of Germany ( BBC News , 1998 ) .
This essay will present that the use of psychology during the design process will improve product safety and it may help prevent the Eschede train disaster .
However , the fact is human errors widely exist in engineering designs process , which may result in the failure of product functions ( Wilbert , 2007 ) .
In the case of Eschede train disaster , the newly designed high-speed wheels were used for operation without physically tested ( HYPERLINK " http : //www.ndt.net/index.html " NDTnet , 2000 ) .
If the wheels were tested and improved before put into service , the accident would likely to be prevented .
Companies hire engineers to design certain product and they expect them to consider every detail related to the design .
Besides , when travelling from high to low speed track , the train passes through a switch points which caused one carriage to stray from the straight-line .
Suppose a human scientist was present during the design process , he probably would remind the engineers to consider the track and the accident would be prevented .
Furthermore , psychologist can help analyze and improve the operating system and company policy of large engineering projects .
The train staffs did not stop and exam the problem when a passenger reported strange noise and a large piece of metal coming up through the floor .
If the " stop and examine " rule was suggested before the accident for dealing with danger signals , the disaster will be prevented ( Single Line Tablet Instruments , n.d. ) .
Human scientists are able to analyze each step of the process and remind engineers the important factors that they ignore .
It has been argued for a long time whether the use of the nuclear power should be encouraged or prevented .
Generation IV reactors have features such as high operation temperature , simplified safety measures , and proliferation-resistant ( Butler , 2004 ) .
One reason that causes the public to disapprove the idea of providing funds for the research and development of VHTR is the high expenses on it which most believe that many countries can not afford .
In fact , many of the developed countries such as the US and Europe have already started the research and development of VHTR and planned to finish by 2021 ( Kirk , 2006 ) .
However , the VHTR has been developed into such a stage that in an event of accident , the reactor itself is able to shutdown itself without human intervention ( Miyamoto , 2005 ) .
On the whole , the VHTR has showed great potential in becoming the future source of energy .
" Robotic surgery is a technique in which a surgeon performs surgery using a computer that remotely controls very small instruments attached to a robot " , according to Robot ( 2009 ) .
In fact , robotic surgery has a history of about 75 years , however ; it is only during the last 5 years that it was gradually recognized by the medical community .
As a result , patients may have higher risk of encountering danger during the surgery .
Usually the surgery will performed with back up treatment .
The size of the machine is too huge , making it impossible for assistant surgeons to help perform the surgery .
Thus , any situations happens during the surgery can be handled by the trained and experienced surgeons .
More importantly , less blood lose , less infection and small incisions make the procedure safer and less painful .
Although this nascent technology has its disadvantages regarding cost , time and safety , both technological and non-technological solutions are almost possible to overcome those problems .
Researches in this field , increasing training of surgeons , and improvements of other significant issues are conducted to achieve better acceptance of this technology .
Based on 2003 rates of production of fossil fuels , the global oil , gas , and coal reserves were predicted to exhaust in the next 41 , 67.1 , and 192 years respectively ( Lincoln , 2005 , p. 622 ) .
The concept of Generation IV reactors was introduced and the several countries in the Generation IV International Forum ( GIF ) were in favor of the Very High Temperature Reactors ( VHTR ) .
Hence , with multiple layer of safety , operation of VHTR would not pose any threat to the public .
The final argument purpose by opponents is availability of the coolant of VHTR .
Given the fact that natural gas reserves is depleting , the same goes to helium as well .
Hence , VHTR will not be able to operate in the absence of helium .
Nuclear energy will do more good than harm to the human mankind .
What separates the first nuclear plant from recent one is the reactor , which has undergone a series of advancements .
238-240 ) Despite the public claiming that nuclear energy is dangerous , an expensive form of energy or of poor performance , the use of molten salt reactor can address their protestations with new designs of the reactor and a cheaper , cleaner and sustainable form of energy .
Close to a hundred people died and a few thousand people suffered from cancer due to exposure to radiation from the reactor meltdown over the decades .
( Bock , Hofmann , Hoffmann , & Logan , 2005 ) Hence , the radioactive materials are contained within the chamber and if there is a reactor meltdown , the release of large amount of radiation can be prevented .
Most of the public has the misconception that nuclear energy is expensive therefore opposing it .
The cost of building a nuclear plant is admittedly more than other kind of power plants but the consideration should be based on performance and cost per unit energy .
Some oppositions of nuclear energy argue that coal reserves can last another 120 years and funds should be spent on researching technology for coal .
In fact , coal is an alternative raw material to manufacture plastics in place of oil which will be depleted in 40 years , meaning that coal will last much lesser than the allegedly 120 years .
In spite of them claiming that nuclear energy is unsafe , pricey and of low output , there are researches and data to show otherwise with Generation IV reactors .
However , few people know that the Generation IV Reactors , which will be put into use in about 10 to 20 years ' time , will produce energy that can be " safe , abundant , reliable , inexpensive and proliferation resistant " , just like what Spencer Abraham , one of the US energy secretaries , said at the 2002 gathering of GIF ( Generation IV International Forum ) representatives .
Although there are still many people concerning about the safety and economy factors , the VHTR is indeed one of the most advanced and valuable design in the world and deserves further research and development funding for it .
So some people worry that whether the existing materials could meet the needs or not .
Therefore , during the normal circumstance , there will be no problem for the materials to stand the requiring high temperature .
The earliest VHTR will not appear on the earth until 2020 while the research has began since 1990s with a total research funding of more than 1.6 billion dollars .
Opponents may argue that it will cost too much to make the design into practice .
In other words , the side products are worth a great deal of money .
So , it is easy to find that after long period of running , the total cost of VHTR will not exceed that of other existing reactors any more .
In conclusion , the VHTR has own safety features , such as very high system temperature , enhanced reliability , low system pressure and so on .
The similarities between these two reactors are both using helium as a coolant , no need working at high pressure and producing same output of hydrogen and electricity .
We will be comparing which reactors should have more emphasis to have further research and development funding for it .
the waste material produced by GCFR is being recycled .
So a higher operating temperature of VHTR would allow for more electricity to be produced as compared to gas cooled reactors .
Not only that , the waste material being produced by gas cooled fast reactors is pure plutonium and this material is mainly used for weapon making .
Such system does not exist in gas cooled reactors that operates at lower temperature .
In the event of sudden shutdown due to malfunction , VHTR still can produce energy .
It is especially useful for country like France , which 80 % of the electricity generated is dependent on nuclear energy .
For GCFR , there is a presence of safe accommodation of low thermal inertia and poor heat transfer properties of coolant .
In terms of cost , for VHTR , it can be implemented five years earlier than the gas cooled fast reactors .
( Butler 2004 ) Currently , there are no operators for the GCFR in the current market .
At the meanwhile , the globle warming and other environmental concerns are pushing the entire world to some more powerful , sustainable and clean solutions for future energy .
Our future method should also be safty , economic , efficient and flexble for applications .
Firstly , the main public concern on nuclear power is its safty .
The molten salt reactant has a advantage in this aspect .
( [ pic ] Mathieu , L.,2006 ) Although MSR work in relatively high tempreture it can still be stable,for example , for FUJI-12 , The maximum fuel temperature for two rod insertions of 0.344 % dk/k was 1220K at the rated power .
Therefore it worth more research on its development .
People hardly link engineering problems with psychology since the previous one belongs to pure technology problems while the later one is a branch of social science .
However , as time comes along , psychology is gradually applied in various fields , including law , medicine , architecture , design and so on .
People nowadays have fierce controversy over the use of nuclear power due to the appalling nuclear accidents happened at Three Mile island and Chernobyl , or even the recent nuclear accident at Sellafield , England .
These accidents destroy cities , take people 's lives and leave many deadly post-effects in the future decades .
Therefore , facing this benefit , safety becomes the main concern when people choose to continue using nuclear power .
Even though SCWR has not been tested yet , it is proved to have less possibility to cause nuclear accidents that happened before ; it is easier to implement compared to other generation VI reactors , and it has a relatively high thermal efficiency which makes its long-term cost relatively low .
The nuclear accident happened at Chernobyl was mainly because the nuclear plant utilized positive void coefficient of reactivity , causing it impossible to stop the working process when things went wrong .
( Bodansky , 2004 ) On the contrary , SCWR uses negative void coefficient instead , which could effectively reduce the possibility of this kind of fatal accidents ( U.S DOE Nuclear Energy Research Advisory Committee & the Generation IV International Forum , 2002 ) .
The other is supercritical fossil fuel fired boilers , which is also under use now ( Idaho National Laboratory , 2007 ) .
To sum up , although there exists disagreement of the use of SCWR due to its issue of reliability and safety , SCWR is worthy for further research because it bases on two current technologies , which increases its reliability , and its design principle improves its thermal efficiency compared to LWR and reduce the possibility of causing nuclear accidents .
Hopefully , SCWR could be better improved on current problems in the future development .
Given the memories of the two accidents happened in 1979 at Three Mile Island in Pennsylvania and in 1986 at Chernobyl of Ukraine , some people may still have not recovered from the great horror when they hear nuclear power .
On one hand , people are facing the challenge of energy shortage because fossil fuels are nonrenewable .
On the other hand , burning fossil fuels produces the " green gases " such as carbon dioxide that have resulted serious problems like global warming .
One is that the reactor and the gas turbine system are separated from hydrogen production plant , which is aimed to isolate the hydrogen plant from reactor system during the abnormal events of hydrogen production plant .
To conclude , it should be evident the arguments against the safety and cost of VHTR are invalid .
Since VHTR uses helium as coolant , the research of the materials for VHTR is also ongoing , and also there are unique designs for VHTR , the safety of VHTR would be enhanced a lot .
Furthermore , VHTR produces hydrogen as future fuel , which is environment-friendly and can effectively solve the energy shortage as well .
Therefore , VHTR is the promising and practical power .
Firstly , the VHTR has a core outlet temperature of about 1000 degrees Celsius this high temperature increases the efficiency of reactor and also enables us to use it for applications such as hydrogen production ( VHTR , Generation IV technology forum ) .
The hydrogen produced can be used in automobiles , which in turn help decrease the carbon emissions by 30 % when compared to modern day diesel engines ( Jack Ewing , Business Week , September 2009 ) .
This is the same material which is being used in the Japanese , South African and Chinese high temperature test reactors ( Bill Corwin , US Department of Energy , 2003 ) and has proven to be very successful .
The VHTR is designed to operate on a pebble bed core in which the fuel is coated with silicon carbide which ensures that the radioactive fissile material never leaves fuel spheres or pebbles ( Andrew C.Kadak , MIT study on the future of nuclear energy ) .
The reactor is helium cooled and uses graphite moderated core , which takes advantage of the fact that the helium coolant is inert and has no reactivity effects and that graphite has a high thermal inertia and is stable at high temperatures ( VHTR , Idaho National Laboratory ) .Also , any waste produced goes directly to the repository and this means an additional waste recycling process can be avoided ( Butler , Nuclear Power 's New Dawn , 2004 ) .Thus , in case of any failure the damage does not spread to the surrounding regions but is contained within the plant itself .
Lastly , most of the technology involved in the VHTR is already in its development phase and the reactor can be shelled out as early as 2020 Butler , Nuclear Power 's New Dawn , 2004 ) .
There was a train disaster occurred on 3 June 1998 near a small town in Lower Saxony , Germany .
Such a super fast , state-of-the-art Inter Express trains of German Railways rolled out of tracks and split in two , due to a bridge falling onto the train .
It resulted 101 dead and 88 injured .
Although there were many causes to be pointed out to cause this train accident , I think the biggest cause is that no one is aware of the importance of the use of psychology during the design process .
It was reported that the directly cause was a wheel with a composite construction which is relatively common on light railway transit vehicles , but are unique to ICE 884 in high speed trains replaced the original wheel .
It can not be denied that this is a human mistake which can be avoided by applying the psychology .
Psychology can make engineers aware that they are not only the normal person , but also are professionals .
If they understand that , I believe that the engineers would not use those composite construction wheels and wheels which have not been checked properly and approved that can be used without any potential problems .
Observing the pictures which recorded the scene of accident , there at least one of the cars detached its underframe .
If designers considered more about that for the high-speed trains must take into account the forces to be absorbed in the event of the vehicle being in a collision , there would not be so many people who were thrown through the air to injure , even die .
Only considering the constructions of train is not enough , the environmental element can affect result as well .
The designers never anticipate that a bridge which was expected a lightly used , demanded a less substantial structure than if it were to carry a major trunk road fell onto the ICE 884 to split it in two .
They completely ignored environmental element which was the speed and weight of the train passing under the bridge as a result of such a horrible disaster .
To sum up , any design process is applied psychology can minimize a probability of danger , even can avoid .
Because all design processes are to fulfill needs of human ; and all products are produced by human .
Therefore , anything as long as people-oriented will get the biggest benefits .
Of course , can avoiding accident occurred is the biggest benefits for people .
The Chernobyl accident that happened on 26 April 1986 , has led everyone to realize the damages and consequences that we might face when we built a nuclear power plant .
The six nuclear reactors are not only sustainable and economically viable solutions ; they are also safe and reliable source of energy .
Among the six concepts of nuclear reactors , the Very High Temperature Reactor , ( VHTR ) and the Gas Cooled Fast Reactor , ( GCFR ) are quite similar , but has more benefits than VHTR in terms of performance , sustainability and cost .
[ European Union ( EU ) Energy Research , 2009 ] GCFR is a concept which uses the reference design of VHTR , thus it is also a reactor of high performance .
Since GCFR operates at 850 degrees Celsius , therefore there are more choices of materials that can be used in the construction of GCFR .
[ Idaho National Laboratory , 2002 ] Because GCFR operates at a lower temperature as compare to the VTHR , therefore the materials used for construction is cheaper and there are more choices of material available .
[ Generation IV International Forum , 2009 ] The reduction of radioactive waste uses processes called pryo-chemical or hydrometallurgical .
[ Commissariat à l'energie atomique , 2007 ] With this there is a great reduction of nuclear waste , and money can be saved on building a storage site for nuclear waste .
Therefore , GCFR not only can have efficient energy conversion with the current design but also has an economic benefit outcome .
In conclusion , although the there are several advantages of the VHTR but however there are factors that makes it difficult to implement as it is more expensive and limited by choices of construction materials as compared with the GCFR .
Nonetheless , the decision to implement the reactors still falls in the hands of the countries that are highly interested as budget for every country is different .
Nowadays , since the fossil fuel is running out at a very high rate , people are seeking another alternative energy resource to replace the traditional fossil fuel resources , which have been used by human for hundreds of years .
However , public is very concern about the safe operation of nuclear reactors .
This is because that once a nuclear reactor accident happened , it would be a huge disaster to both the creatures and the environment within that area .
A very famous accident , which is also used by public to oppose building nuclear reactors , is the accident at Chernobyl which happened on 26 April 1986 .
Moreover , according to the estimation , there would be thousands of people dead from cancer in the next forty years .
Another famous example is the accident happening at the nuclear power station at Three Mile Island in Pennsylvania on 28 March 1979 .
Furthermore , as the technology has improved so much , even an accident happens , the damage is probably not that big .
For example , in the Three Mile Island accident , nobody was either dead or injured .
Besides safety , economy is also a very important aspect which people should take into consideration .
However , since we can eliminate the need for an intermediate heat transport circuit in lead-cooled fast reactors , and lead is relatively cheap comparing with other materials used in other fast reactors , a large part of cost would be saved through this .
Chernobyl explosion is one example showing the seriousness of those dangers .
Chernobyl accident , happened in 1986 , was a nuclear reactor accident .
CITATION Int08 \ l 2052 ( International Atomic Energy Agency , 2008 ) Because of that , the safety of engineering design is very important .
In current stage , most design team uses the safety laws and rules as their gatekeeper and thinks that is enough .
However , some psychologists argues that those rules are not enough as all the procedures are carried out by human , there is possibility that a human error may occur .
Therefore psychologists are necessary to be involved in the design process to detect the human error and to be the new gate keeper of engineering design .
Chernobyl accident can be a good example to see how the use of psychology helps to prevent the accident .
However , though with such rules , accidents still happens consecutively all those years .
This of course implies some imperfect of the safety gatekeepers now .
CITATION Ber06 \ l 2052 ( Wilpert , 2006 ) Those human factors mainly include the irresponsibility of operators and human error during the design process .
Chances are this accident may not happen .
To follow up , some designers may also consider that a team member without strong technical background may become a disturbance during work or decreases the efficiency of the team .
Therefore they may cause more problem than they can solve .
However , in present engineering groups , team members are always from different majors .
This is because that today 's design requires consideration from all aspects .
A team with single major can not satisfy such requirements therefore will lose the ability to compete with others .
Considering all those facts , a psychology can never be a disturbance in the team .
Rather than , the presence of psychologist in a team can keep the members work at their best condition and avoiding the chance of having human error in design process .
By doing this , hopefully there are chances to prevent accidents because of misuse caused by the misunderstanding of instructions , like the operator in the Chernobyl accident .
However , considering the serious results of Chernobyl accidents and other engineering accidents , such wondering is of no point .
In conclusion , psychologists may become new gatekeepers of engineering design process by helping correct the human error in design process and increase the team efficiency .
And the increasing safety will make people enjoy the benefits of engineering design products much better .
Some insist that insights can be gained when analyzing design process using psychological approach .
No matter what the designers are to work on , complex systems or everyday products , psychology is helpful to gain insights of problems that may be encountered or prevent undesirable accidents .
For everyday products design , it is quite understandable that if the technical configurations are similar for all , psychology could help designers make a difference by humanly consider making improvements that are more user-friendly in design .
More impactful consequences of not applying psychology in design are that serious failures can happen in complex projects and systems hence cause loss of life .
For instance , the collapse of Nicall Highway , two stretches of highway road linked by Merdeka Bridge , located in the Central Region of Singapore ( Vernon , 2000 ) , could have been prevented if psychological approach were adopted in the design and construction process .
For the Nicoll Highway incident , some argue that it is merely constrained by technology and only causes are engineering problems .
While it is true that the restrictions set by technology limitations are direct cause for the engineering failure , the application of psychology could help to overcome the negative effects of technology difficulties .
Numerous journals written by engineers and professionals analyzing this disaster were all very absorbed by civil engineering details and theories after Nicoll Highway collapsed , but the disaster was concluded to be unexpected as technology should have been sufficient for this construction project ( Thansnanipan & Aung , 2005 ) .
This means that it is not shortcomings in technology that necessarily lead to engineering failure , but lack of psychological analysis .
When some were arguing for objective difficulties in technology , it was admitted by the main contractor that major cause is the overload temporary works and their low quality ( New Civil Engineer , 2005 ) .
The contractor admitted that they had foreseen the potential problems that might be caused due to overloading temporary work and their reckless plan , but they somehow still did not pay enough attention and continued with it .
The primary goals being to improve nuclear safety , efficient thermal performance , reducing cost .
Many reactors are considered to design to meet the generation IV goals today .
Two of the generation IV reactors called Gas-Cooled Fast Reactor and Sodium-Cooled Fast Reactor are highly appreciated and accepted in modern nuclear power plant system .
In terms of performance , security , cost , both of two reactors are well designed .
( M.J. Lineberry & T.R. Allen , 2002 ) Comparing with the Sodium-Cooled Fast Reactor , Gas-Cooled Fast Reactor has the thermal efficiency about 48 % , which is generally higher than sodium-cooled fast reactor .
van Rooijen , 2009 ) In addition , under the high performance , both of two reactors need to work under high temperature .
In thermal performance , both of two reactors have quite nice feature especially for energy conversion ; Gas-Cooled Fast Reactor may have additional advantages .
Then , it is a primary system that operated near atmospheric pressure .
Meanwhile , Sodium-Cooled Fast Reactor is based on safety countermeasures for self-controlled shutdown function and controlling function .
( M.J. Lineberry & T.R. Allen , 2002 ) For Gas-Cooled Fast Reactor , it not only includes basic self safety control function but also many safety approaches are applied to the system to make it work safely under high temperature with additional safety devices being added to the equipment .
Recent research and development with depth studies for safety case , the Gas-Cooled Fast Reactor system has been demonstrated experimentally in security aspect .
Newton & P.J. Smith , 2007 ) Hence , it is safer when works properly .
Furthermore , in terms of cost , Sodium-Cooled Fast Reactor enhanced economics achieved with the use of high burn-up fuels , fuel cycle benefits .
It uses advanced materials and innovative design options to reduce in power plant capital cost and lower operating cost .
However , Gas-Cooled Fast Reactor is also well designed especially for waste recycling ; GFR tries to minimize the release of gaseous and liquid effluents to environment .
GFR system is designed to allow for self-treatment by applying fuel manufacturing operations .
In conclusion , both of Sodium-Cooled Fast Reactor and Gas-Cooled Fast Reactor achieve generation IV primary goal to satisfy the requirement of energy .
Sodium-Cooled Fast Reactor works with quite good thermal efficiency under a lower temperature when compares to Gas-Cooled Fast Reactor .
Moreover , it is designed well in safety case and cost aspect .
Similarly , GFR system offers significant potential to advance generation IV sustainability goals through its thermal efficiency , direct energy conversion , safety arrangement and proper cost .
Over all , Gas-Cooled Fast Reactor has advantages over Sodium-Cooled Fast Reactor with respect to thermal efficiency , security case and cost .
According to Cambridge Advanced Learner 's Dictionary , the word " accident " means something bad which happens that is not expected or intended , and which often damages something or injures someone .
Let us have a quick scan through one of the world 's deadliest high-speed train accident- the Eschede train disaster , which hit a death toll of 101 .
Post accident investigation has shown that the main factors that contribute to this severe train accident are the wheel design of the train , maintenance of the train , and failure to stop the train .
Could this accident have probably been prevented if the usage of psychology as proposed by Bernhard Wilpert in " Psychology and design processes " is being applied ?
Psychology is the study of the behavior of human 's mind .
In most of the accidents , the main causes are errors in human judgments or simply known as the human problems .
For example , the faulty design of " wheel-tire " in the Eschede incident .
As Wilpert mentioned in his article , human can make mistakes .
Psychologists might make mistakes but at least they can lower the probability of errors caused by human 's irresponsible act or carelessness .
Besides that , it is found that accidents are usually caused by chain reactions of a series of factors according to Heinrich Domino theory .
In the case of Eschede train accident for instance , if the wheel of the train was designed in a better way or well maintained , or if the train could be stopped at the right moment before the crash , the accident could probably be avoided .
But on the other hand , not all factors are within the control of human 's capability .
Bad weather conditions , earthquake , and et cetera are all hard to be predicted .
It is quite true that these factors are beyond human 's control but we do not have to prevent them from happening .
All we have to do is taking all the necessary steps and precautionary methods to prevent these " uncontrollable " from triggering an accident .
As mentioned in the very first paragraph , accident is usually unexpected .
Moments before the accident of Eschede happened , one of the passengers on the train had noticed that the tire on a wheel broke and peeled away from the wheel , punctured the floor of the train .
He informed the conductor about what he saw but the conductor insisted to further investigate the incident and thus refused to pull the emergency brake .
Psychologically , the conductor did not want to be involved with any troubles because pulling the emergency brake would definitely cause much hassles .
If he chose to give safety the most priority , he would have pulled the emergency brake and the accident could probably be prevented .
However , when things come to emergency , the most important thing is often the individual ability to react rationally to resolve the problem .
The more one gets trained , the more readily he is to face an emergency .
Concisely , the approach of psychological knowledge can prevent or at least reduce the probability of accidents occurring .
Studies of human behavior , stages of an accident , investigation on industrial accident , together with some necessary and suitable psychological approach would definitely help in minimizing the occurring of severe accidents , especially those that are due to errors in human judgments .
The drastic industrial development and advancement in science and technology has led to the rising energy demand nowadays .
The invention of Supercritical-Water-Cooled Reactor ( SWCR ) is one of the latest Generation VI nuclear reactors that have high potential to replace the coal and fuel as energy source .
Nonetheless , debate on the using of this nuclear reactor becomes a hot issue today due to the negative effects that would be brought to human as well as other living organisms on the earth .
First and foremost , Supercritical-Water-Cooled Reactor ( SWCR ) has good security system and is safe to be used.TS Much have been said about the danger of using nuclear reactors as power generators such as emission and leakage of radioactive waste and explosion of nuclear reactor , where Chernobyl and Three Mile Island emerge to be famous for that reason .
Furthermore , this reactor 's pressure vessel is incorporated a core arrangement with three passes to avoid overheating effect and thus , minimizing the probability of the explosion of SWCR .
Moreover , the cost of construction of Supercritical-Water-Cooled Reactor ( SWCR ) and cost of its power output are cheap and reasonable.TS It is undeniable that uranium oxide , the main input for SWCR , and the construction materials used are expensive .
Although uranium oxide is expensive , it has a very long half life , about 24000 years .
Last but not least , Supercritical-Water-Cooled Reactor ( SWCR ) has high efficiency in term of electricity and power generation.TS According to Nuclear Engineering and Design ( 2007 ) , Supercritical-Water-Cooled Reactor ( SWCR ) promises to have high thermal efficiencies of approximately 45 % , which can generate about 1,700 MWe of thermal energy per hour .
Further researches have shown that Supercritical-Water-Cooled Reactor ( SWCR ) can achieve great safety by its design modification , lower and reasonable cost of its construction and power generation and has high efficiency in terms of electricity and power generation .
Therefore , further research and development funding for Supercritical-Water-Cooled Reactor ( SWCR ) should be provided as it stands in a good stead to become the future 's power generator in the near future .
Most scientists have agreed that we have to reduce the mission of green house gases as the impacts of global warming being more serious .
The nuclear power will not produce the green house gases and it will provide vast amounts of energy .
However , The U.S gave up building reactor since 1979 because of the defects of nuclear power and reactor such as the high cost of reactor , no appropriate coolant for reactor and wastes recycling system is not perfect .
Therefore , it is spark a significant controversy of whether the nuclear power should be rehabilitated .
For first aspect , SCWR is still facing the financial problem .
If the government use this money to build more fossil reactors , the increasing fossil reactors plants will help the situation of lack of energy .
It is true that the initial cost of building fossil plant is low , but the long-term costs which keeping it work are high says PBMR Company international marketing manager Gert Claassen .
Furthermore , the SCWR reactor efficiency and relatively simple design , it would be cheaper to build and run than normal reactors .
The second aspect , it is too difficult to find an appropriate coolant for nuclear reactor .
The third part , people are worrying about the waste of nuclear power , because the waste of reactor is radioactive normally .
Therefore , this waste are not radioactive and it is much safer compared with the wastes of last generation of reactor .
Moreover , SCWR build a system for water purification through supercritical oxidation .
Therefore , the SCWR is feasibility and reliable .
For pubic , the problem of global warming and other environmental problem made by emissions of fossil fuel will be eliminated .
For political , the nuclear power will maintain their energy source independence and reduce the conflicts of energy possessing .
To engineers and scientists , the applications of nuclear reactors would encourage them to find more efficient way to generate energy from reactors and the improve the safety of reactor in case of some accidents happened .
The question of whether we should have nuclear power plant as an energy resource is controversial .
People stand against it as they have little idea about the nuclear power plant .
Cost , safety and performance are three major aspects for opposition to this technology ; nevertheless , there is still an unyielding need to support further research and development funding for VHTR .
Still , in point of fact , nuclear power plant can reduce the expenditure in producing more energy in the long run .
Comparing with conventional plants , VHTR can bring out 50 % more electricity from the same amount of fuel .
Since that VHTR uses lower amount of fuel to produce higher amount of energy , it is much more economic than other power plants regardless the start up cost , as the start-up cost can be compensated in the long run .
Therefore , when sources of conventional plants are severely depleted , its cost will soar up high and become uneconomical ; on the other hand , VHTR uses half the amount of fuel to produce equal amount of energy , hence it can last longer .
Safety of a nuclear plant is the issue that public concerns the most .
It raised public 's uncertainty about the safety of developing new nuclear power plant .
VHTR is coated with a layer of graphite which can be used to slow down neutrons in order to control the nuclear chain reaction and it is covered with ultra hard ceramic layer .
Furthermore , it uses helium , an inert gas as coolant .
Therefore it can avoid any escape of radioactive material if an accident happens .
Moreover , a back-up emergency core cooling system ( ECCS ) is designed .
ECCS can remove excess heat and avoid damage to power plant in emergency cases , such as terrorism .
In addition , VHTR would be able to function without the need of reprocessing plutonium waste .
This would be able to prevent creation of nuclear power weapon as plutonium is an ingredient to produce advance nuclear weapon .
People assume that VHTR has lower performance compare to other kinds of Generation IV power sources .
This gives people a wrong assumption that VHTR is not highly performed .
Furthermore , VHTR is designed to efficiently produce both electricity and hydrogen at the meantime .
Likewise , VHTR is being designed with adequate safety precautions to prevent the happening of tragedy .
It has better performance as well since it has high efficiency and both electricity and hydrogen as its reaction product .
Consequently , more research and development funding should be subjected to VHTR .
As the society develops rapidly , the demand for energy also increase in tandem .
SFR is basically to use the sodium as coolant to produce nuclear energy .
On cost , building a SFR is estimated at US $ 610 million , while the VHTR would cost US $ 610 millionU.S .
Therefore , in a long run , the VHTR is more economical in producing a large amount of energy .
Some people also say that the efficiency of the SFR is about fifty percent at a temperature of 500 centigrade degree .
It is higher than the VHTR which is about forty percent at 500 centigrade degree ( Very high temperature reactor , 2009 ) .
For the SFR 500 centigrade degree is the suitable working temperature , which means the maximum efficiency for it is fifty percent .
However , for VHTR , the suitable working temperature is about 1500 centigrade degree .
At such a temperature , the efficiency of the VHTR is about 65 percent , which is much higher than the SFR ( Very-High-Temperature-Gas-Cooled-Reactor-Systems , 2009 ) .
Under the same standard , we can clearly see the efficiency of the VHTR is better .
What we should do is to plan what should we do when bad things happen .
Besides that , it can also do harm to the human beings .
Even though the coolant is leaking out , it will not do any harm to the environment and human beings .
To conclude , the initial cost of VHTR is higher , but in a long run its cost is much lower .
By considering the cost , efficiency and safety factors , we can judge that the very high temperature is a better choice in a long run .
With the speeding development throughout the whole world , the raising energy needs becomes an unavoidable problem nowadays .
In order to satisfy the needs , the generation IV reactor concept is brought forward for further research and utilization of nuclear power , and the Very High Temperature Reactor [ VHTR ] , which uses a graphite-moderated nuclear reactor with a once-through uranium fuel cycle under an outlet temperature of 1000 ° C , is one of such concepts .
However , even before VHTR has been made use of , the public start to debate whether this concept can do more good than harm .
Although quite a number of people have no faith in the concept and provide some reasons , there exist solid evidences to show VHTR is worth of developing and can benefit the society .
As they state , in order to generate as much electricity as it is expensed in the U.S. every day , almost 400 nuclear power plants should be constructed and utilized .
The great discrepancy as if draws the end of VHTR 's development already .
In fact , this analysis is due to the mis-illustration .
One fact need to be clarified is that the opponents misuse the capacity of the conventional plants rather than that of VHTR .
Scientists suggest that the new generation reactor can squeeze 50 % more electricity from the same amount of fuels compared with the conventional plants .
Instead , this should always be a combination of complex methods .
In that case , whether VHTR can fulfil one country or even the global needs of electricity is unnecessary to be concerned .
As long as the concept is feasible and is better than the old ones , VHTR deserves for further research and thus can bring more advantage to the society .
In addition , opponents are also concern about the safety of the reactor especially when they recall the Chernobyl nuclear accident .
The great { thermal inertia } [ HYPERLINK : http : //www.territorioscuola.com/wikipedia/ ? title = Volumetric_heat_capacity ] graphite and the single-phase , inert helium coolant can not react .
This can to a great extent ensure the safety during its reaction .
On the other hand , the corresponding design of the constructions of the nuclear power plants can prevent from nuclear leak even when disasters occur .
Simultaneously , the system will also bring the stuffs a safe environment .
In that case , we can safely draw the conclusion that VHTR is worth of further research and development .
July 17 , 1981 in Kansas City , Missouri , United States , while dozens of people was gathering on the walkway in Hyatt Regency Crown Centre and seeing a dance contest , the walkway collapsed and caused 114 people died and 200 injured .
After the accident investigated , the main cause of the accident was a significant change in the design of the walkway .
The original design by Jack D. Gillum was using a set of steel tie rod to suspend the two walkways to the ceiling , but the contractor proposed to use two separate tie rods : one collected one walkway to the ceiling , and the other connected the two walkways .
Jack D. Gillum and associates did not calculate the alternate plan before they assigned on the paper .
( Hyatt Regency Walkway Collapse , message from { http : //www.engineering.com/Library/ArticlesPage/tabid/85/articleType/ArticleView/articleId/175/Walkway-Collapse.aspx } [ HYPERLINK : http : //www.engineering.com/Library/ArticlesPage/tabid/85/articleType/ArticleView/articleId/175/Walkway-Collapse.aspx ] )
In order to prevent such accidents happening , psychology is suggested to be introduced to the design process .
For example , cognitive psychology focuses on ways to improve memory and how to increase decision-making accuracy and social psychology are interested in the impact that social environment and interaction has on attitudes and behaviors ( Kendra , V.W .
For instance , if we introduce psychology to the case above , then the designer and the contractor communicated well ; so that the accidents would not happen .
The new generation reactors are planning to run at very high temperatures or high pressures ( Butler , D. ( 2004 , May 20 ) .
The more complex the process is , more difficult to predict the problems .
Sometimes only after the process is implemented , the problems will be known .
For example , the " Prestige " oil spilling was mainly caused by the rainstorm .
Prestige carried 77,000 tons of heavy fuel oil and was traveling on the sea near Spanish when it met rainstorm .
Finally the tanker sank and spilled the oil ( { http : //www.xooob.com/359429_1043815.html } [ HYPERLINK : http : //www.xooob.com/359429_1043815.html ] ) .
Psychology only can deal with human error , not other factors .
It can not prevent all the accidents , as accidents are not only caused by human errors and as for some new designs , they must be tried to see where will the problems happened .
On January 28th , 1986 , the US Space Shuttle Challenger exploded 73 seconds after launch , killing the entire crew .
In other words , not only the technical factors , but also the human factors caused this disaster to appear .
Actually , from the time it was first scheduled to lift off on January 22nd , to the when it was finally launched on January 28th , liftoff was delayed several times for various reasons .
Well , it is true that the errors can not be prevented completely ; nevertheless , we should try our best to reduce the risk to the least level that we can accept .
Apparently , the condition of Challenger was not what we can accept as safe .
Secondly , should the decision-making system be made better , the tragedy could have been avoided .
Furthermore , they also had policy failure on competitive bidding for manufacturing company and defects of supervision system .
Although NASA have to face the pressure from the public and the political , they should aware the consequences of the failure , which might make the situation even worse .
The NASA officials seemed neither to have been warned adequately of the danger of launch in cold weather , nor be told emphatically enough the need of redesigning the O-rings .
Besides , the warning of air blast from a Boeing 757 aircraft was also ignored before the liftoff .
Communication did not flow effectively , which indirectly led to the tragedy 's happening .
As discussed above , the Challenger disaster 's causes lie not only on the technical factors , but also on the human factors .
Though it was indirect cause , its influence is so large that it was more important than the technical factor .
Psychology in design processes , whose significance has been showed in this accident , should be paid more attention to in the future engineering design .
Only in this way , can the safety of projects be improved efficiently and guaranteed .
There has been a debate between two Generation Four reactorsthe Very High Temperature Reactor ( VHTR ) and the Supercritical Water Reactor ( SCWR ) , which surrounds the issue of which reactor had superior performance .
In one hand , engineers use the most advanced technology and concept to design the VHTR .
On the other hand , the technology applied on the SCWR is developed from conventional technology of older type of nuclear reactorLight Water Reactor ( LWR ) .
The supporters of VHTR attack SCWR for its " obsolete " technology and its incapability of generating Hydrogen as a coproduct of electrcity .
When people are comparing the two types of reactors , they tend to focus on the temperature at which reactors operates .
As a result , a misleading conception arises , which is the VHTR works much more efficiently than the SCWR does .
These two energy states of neutrons are closely related the fission of two fuels , U235 and Np237 .
For people who are obssesed with the VHTR , one main reason would be it allows an easy way to generate a clean natural energyHydrogen .
Furthermore , unlike technology of using Hydrogen , which has just begun developing and is far from matured , electricity has been with human beings for over a hundred years .
The technology of electricity can be found everywhere on Earth and big automobile manufacturers have started to discuss the possibility of replacing fossil-fuel-powered cars with electricity-powered ones .
The SCWR is built for generation of low-cost electricity .
In addition , the two technologies needed build the SCWR are already at hand , which are widely-employed to by current Generatioon Three LWRs .
Unlike the VHTR which uses rare gas Helium as coolant , the SCWR simply uses water to cool down the system .
As a result , the SCWR costs much smaller amount of money to build and greatly simplifies the nuclear plant .
In conclusion , the most advanced stuff may not be suitable in a certain condition .
The SCWR has proven itself to be more capable at either high performance and low cost .
In this sense , the SCWR is a better nuclear reactor compared to the VHTR in our future .
Competitive costs and financial risks of nuclear energy systems are constantly compared .
The current rat race to develop the best reactor for use is still questionable as all the reactors have their own strengths and weaknesses .
At the turn of the millennium , the rising of Asian countries such as China and India has intensified the competition of energy .
In 2007 , China consumes a third as much oil as the United States , which burns a quarter of the world 's oil every day .
New York Times ) By 2030 , China and India together will import as much oil as the United States and Japan do today .
( Pachauri , R , IPCC ) Hence , fossil fuels are not a viable means to meet the increasing demand of energy .
Acknowledging the need of nuclear power to meet the world 's energy appetite , several countries have formed the Generation IV International Forum ( GIF ) to research on the possible nuclear technologies and to mitigate the risks posed by them .
Better heat transfer also allows the coolant to have a slower flow rate of the coolant , thus saving cost by using of smaller pumps and piping .
As compared with the SCWR , the sodium can be kept at normal atmospheric pressure .
Also , the reactor core is at a lower temperature , thus relatively easier to manage .
Moving on to the cost , SCWR do offer much savings .
Consequently , the research could be focus towards developing irradiation resistant materials to be used for the reactor .
Researches into fuel cycle and physically stronger and more radiation resistant structural materials would minimise the operating costs with improved operations and performance .
Also , with support of countries such as Japan , France , and Russia , the cost of research is shared .
Finally , nuclear-enriched materials being kept at high temperature would prevent them from being stolen and use as weapons by terrorists .
Though the deployment cost is high at present , the burden will be shared by the many countries support the technology .
Facing the issues of rising oil prices and the long term availability of fossil fuels , governments now are rethinking their national energy strategies .
In recent years , despite the contentious debate of using nuclear power to meet our ever-increasing energy needs , the world starts to consider nuclear energy as a future fuel source which is believed to be a more environmentally friendly fuel as compared to fossil fuels .
Hence , late in 2002 , GIF ( Generation IV International Forum ) announced the selection of six reactor technologies which they believe represent the future shape of nuclear energy .
These were selected on the basis of being clean , safe and cost-effective means of meeting increased energy demands on a sustainable basis , while being resistant to usage of materials for weapons proliferation and secure from terrorist attacks ( US Department of Energy , 2009 ) .
However , this may be an unfounded concern in years to come when we consider the fact that the Korean and the US government have worked for the past three years on developing and validating advanced computational methods for simulating LOCA in a VHTR , in an attempt to prevent such an accident from happening ( Chang , 2006 ) .
The fuel pebbles used in VHTR are also very 'durable ' in the sense that it is very difficult to extract the trapped fission products inside which rendered it a less favorable choice as a nuclear weapon .
VHTR also adopts a passive safety feature in which in the event of an emergency , it does not require operator 's action to shutdown the plant safely .
Concern of graphite being an easily-combustible material is also addressed by experimental results that have shown that graphite can be heated to 'white-hot ' temperatures ( ~ 1650 ° C ) without incurring ignition or self-sustained combustion ( Lee , 2009 ) .
Firstly , in terms of burn-up rate of the fuel , for VHTR , it is possible to burn up to 65 % ( US Department of Energy , 2008 ) of its initial fuel as compared to SCWR which is capable of only burn up to 45 % of the initial fuel ( Buongiorno , 2003 ) .
This is unlike SCWR which can only produce electricity .
Hydrogen production , whereby the process is energy-intensive is important as hydrogen holds enormous promise as a power source for the future generation .
Hence , the plant can be operated at high temperature without having to worry about corrosion of the plant pipes .
This is different from SCWR which uses water as the coolant and hence there is a possibility of pipe 's corrosion by water .
Lastly , proponents of SCWR claimed that the construction cost of VHTR plant is much higher than SCWR due to its high operating temperature .
However , after the concept of Generation IV reactors were raised by GIF in 2001 ( Butler , 2004 ) , whether governments should solely focus on current nuclear reactors or split the funding for the new generation has become a controversy .
Despite the accident in Chernobly , Ukraine , which was mainly caused by man-made operating errors ( Chernobly accident , 2009 ) , no major accident occurred in the past two decades .
Compared with funding the Gen IV reactors , they think that governments should rather use the money to reinforce the safety of currently operating reactors .
These wastes take thousands of years to lose their activity , thus they are not environmentally friendly in the long term ( Radioactive wastes , 2001 ) .
On the other hand , the cost of generating electricity from current nuclear reactors is already quite low ( 2.3 pence per kilowatt ) , which is competitive with other major sources ( The cost of generating electricity , 2004 ) .
But with the technology of Gen IV reactors , the efficiency can be improved to 45 % to 50 % due to extremely high operating temperature ( 1000 degrees Celsius ) ( Daniels , 2007 ) .
Moreover , the heat produced by the Gen IV reactors can be used to produce hydrogen from water or supplied to petrochemical industry ( The very-high-temperature reactor , n.d. ) .
The cogeneration and applications make the total efficiency even higher , thus further reduce the operating costs .
In order to optimize its power to meet the increasing demand of electricity as well as to maintain long term sustainability , governments should fund the Generation IV reactors instead of the old generations .
Fossil fuels , being non-renewable , are being exhausted at a rate faster than it can be replenished .
Hence , in order to solve the energy crisis we need to look for other sources of energy .
Nuclear power is an important source of energy for the future , hence more funding should be provided for research and development of nuclear reactors .
The public is worried that nuclear waste or nuclear materials during transportation or storage could be stolen or sabotaged by terrorists .
Nuclear waste or nuclear materials meant for energy production is not suitable to be used as nuclear weapons ( European Physical Society , 2007 ) .
Furthermore , newer generation of reactors , like the VHTR , produces much less nuclear waste at terror-proof facilities ( Butler , 2004 ) .
Therefore , with these improvements in technology , we are able to minimize or even eliminate these security issues facing nuclear generators .
Hence more research and development should be put in to nuclear reactors .
People are worried about the radiation leaked from nuclear facilities or nuclear waste .
All the factors mentioned above maybe true and hence put nuclear power plants in a bad light .
Hence , problems such as nuclear waste is harder to process can be solved with sufficient funding for research and development of nuclear power plants .
It has been a known fact that nuclear power plants require high-start up costs .
Funds have to be inserted so as to support the high technology machinery and also create a safe environment with proper safety guidelines protecting the reactors .
In addition , operating licenses have to be bought from the government , so as to ensure safe operation of the nuclear power plants .
However , once the basis infrastructure has been laid down , nuclear power turns in to a readily accessible and cheaply recoverable source of energy ( European Physical Society , 2007 ) .
Furthermore , with 4 of the 6 Generators-IV reactors being able to use reprocessed radioactive waste ( Butler , 2004 ) , it would be no surprise if nuclear power is able to last much longer than we expected .
It is widely known fact that nuclear power is able to produce much more energy compared to traditional fossil fuels .
Furthermore , comparing the Generation-IV reactors with older nuclear reactors , the new reactors are much more efficient , some of them like the VHTR produce hydrogen at the same time ( Butler , 2004 ) .
Nuclear power will make an important contribution to our future energy needs together with other alternatives ( European Physical Society,2007 ) Hence , in order to produce nuclear energy more effectively and cleanly we must put in more support and funding for the research and development of nuclear reactors .
They were very much surprised by the unique design and were amazed by the stunning price .
Although it was a surprising package , both positive and negative arguments about the car were found at the Auto Expo 2008 .
The main issue discussed was concerning safety .
The big question raised was whether Tata 's Nano was safe to drive in normal roads or not .
They proof that it is able to withstand a crash on a solid steel bar at a speed of 48 km/h .
Besides that Hichman , designer of Nano , explains that their target was to construct a modular body where structure was added to the base of the vehicle so that Nano will be able to meet the European safety regulations ( Schedel , 2009 ) .
Moreover , a test was even done at Motor Industry Research Association ( MIRA ) in the UK to proof their claim .
Although many supporting evidences were given by Tata , it is said that Tata made critical modifications specifically to meet the European and Indian test norms .
Besides that , Americans feel that the test was not sufficient as it was only done at a speed of 48km/h because many vehicles travel at much higher speed especially in highways ( Jenks , 2009 ) .
Tata only provides warranty for a period of only 18 months which is much less compared to the other cars .
It is a big surprise that Tata has just neglected some of the most important features like airbag , parking sensors , fog lamp and traction controls in their design .
Many who bought the car are complaining especially about the safety aspect of the car .
For example , a citizen of India has stated that there are not enough safety features and that the Nano is a very bad design ( Gangadharan , 2008 ) .
But their argument was that these features were not a necessity in Indian roads ( Massey , 2008 ) .
However , Tata should realise that the car is not only going to be sold in India but also going to be marketed in other countries .
So , if other countries are not willing to purchase the car because that it lacks safety features than it will be a big lose for Tata .
Drivers will confirm have difficulties spotting the vehicles which are coming from behind and this may even lead to accidents .
Besides that the wheels looks small .
So , while travelling in slope or heavy traffic it could be dangerous .
The more comfortable the driver feels , the more easily he will find to drive the car .
So , clearly it seems that there are some features that needs to be changed .
It would be better if tougher materials could be used , more safety features are added and some required changes are done to the current design .
But I strongly feel that those who want to purchase the car will not mind to pay a little more if it is going to provide a safer ride in the roads .
The reactor has been invented because of the increasing demand for an alternative source of energy that can substitute crude oil .
Nuclear reactors can produce cleaner and higher energy than the crude oil .
However , there is always an intention of the public to reject using nuclear reactors .
The disaster that happened at Chernobyl , Ukraine , in 1986 is one reason of the public 's anxiety .
Nonetheless , a VHTR ( Very-High- Temperature Reactor ) , which is one of the generation IV reactor concepts , has the technology to prevent the disaster by using helium as its coolant and by producing waste with low radioactivity .
The VHTR also can produce both electricity and hydrogen with a very efficient process , so the cost of running a VHTR will not be as high as other reactors in the long run .
This argument may arise because of the lack of knowledge about the helium .
This is indeed true ; however , the ongoing HTTR ( High-Temperature Engineering Test Reactor ) project in Japan gives us a clue that it is not impossible to develop a new strong material in the future .
In addition , the operation of the VHTR does not depend on the plutonium reprocessing , which is a controversial issue ( Butler , 2004 ) .
Thus , the VHTR waste is much safer than the existing nuclear reactors .
They say that the money that government spends on building the reactor can be used for other purchases .
This is indeed true ; however , the cost of building a VHTR is in fact not as costly as the other generation IV reactors .
Therefore , in the long run , it is profitable to build the VHTR because it can produce both electricity and hydrogen with a very efficient process .
To conclude , in spite of claims that nuclear reactors are dangerous and costly , the VHTR with its improved design can overcome these issues .
Mention nuclear power and the general consensus are fear and rejection , and Chernobyl comes to their mind .
These reactors , still in the designing and testing phase , excel in areas of sustainability , safety , economics and proliferation resistance ( Bouchard and Bennett,2008 ) , all which is specially intended to address all issues and challenges that nuclear power faces in a world combating the production of greenhouse gases but in the safest possible way .
Very High Temperature Reactor ( VHTR ) emerges from the six as one of the most promising and is currently being heavily researched on ; but is it worth the funds and efforts when safety concerns are still present and worse , unaddressed ?
For its performance level , the operating core temperatures of the reactor is capable of reaching to an almighty peak of a 1000 ( Chapin , et al 2004 ) , figures that will not only raise questions about its viability as well as the safety measures in place for such a high amount of energy , since temperature is directly proportional to the energy level of a closed system .
And because of the heights in the Celsius scale , the materials used in the reactor can not be of regular quality , much less inferiority .
The use of high temperature creates an extremely volatile and sensitive situation which on one hand raises output efficiency ( OECD Nuclear Energy Agency , 2000 ) , but also requires a precise state-of-the-art monitoring system that further increases the production prices .
Throughout the six new reactors , they mainly differ only in their choice of coolant used in the system .
Helium gas is abundant on the Sun 's atmosphere but only at trace level in Earth 's surface ( AIR LIQUIDE , 2009 ) .
In addition , helium is not the only coolant that is chemically inert with the fuel ; molten lead is another viable option and yet plentiful in the Earth 's crust .
Last for but not least , gaseous coolants have low thermal transfer properties , hence requiring an intermediate heat exchange with a larger surface area ( Chapin , et al 2004 ) .
LFR on the other hand , is more suitable ; the relatively smaller scale of operation and hence energy output may be inferior compared to VHTR , but it is not feasible and unsafe for a large nuclear plant in a developing country where security and social unrest are issues .
LFR is a more portable option , thus more resistant against terrorism and weapon conversion since it is too stable to become a destructive tool anyway .
Maintenance fees for VHTR will also be a tight spot to a growing nation , an area of concern which can be resolved by the use of LFR , which requires refueling once every 20 years .
The system core temperatures of LFR can attain up to 500 ( Idaho National Laboratory , 2005 ) , almost 50 % lower than that of VHTR and present significant differences in the operations of the plants .
Molten lead , compared to helium , is a superior and cheaper heat transfer medium and hence increasing the portability of the power plant by reducing the need for a large intermediate heat exchanger .
In conclusion , LFR may not be as proficient in energy production when compared to VHTR , but it addresses critical issues that VHTR fails to achieve .
As the population 's reliance on technology advances and grows , a greater need for electricity energy to power these computer gadgets has since sparked an inevitably concern as many worry that fossil fuels , as being used over the years to generate electricity , are not sufficient enough to accommodate all the needs .
Moreover , global warming nowadays has been growing at an alarming rate , thanks partly to the excessive air pollution generated along by fossil fuels .
Therefore , a seek for higher efficient and safe energy supply is desperately needed and it is already on the agenda of all countries .
With this , nuclear power has since expanded to replace conventional fuels because of the higher efficiency it can provide to the world .
Many concepts are reviewed to improve the already competent nuclear reactors and so far , generation IV reactor concepts are among those which stood up among the crowd that are worth developed .
Safety factor is heavily considered because if accident occurs at nuclear reactor sites , it can result in massive releases of radioactivity .
And it , by means , includes the development of passive heat removal systems , low power density and easily cool-able geometry .
However some have argued that VHTR is unsafe as it is operating at a higher temperature and it would easily be the target of terrorist attack .
And some have also put doubts on the ability of passive heat removal system because if it fails to remove heats in the reactor , leakage of radioactive components will occur .
Certainly , accident disasters happened in Three Mile Island , Tokaimura and Chernobyl before should not ever repeat again .
But , according to Forrest J. Remick , professor emeritus of nuclear engineering and a former associate vice president for research at Penn State , he claims that VHTR is safe and this concept has been demonstrated in several test reactors in the United States , Germany , China and South Africa .
However , some experts have pointed out that if such high temperature is stimulated within a reactor , new hardy alloy may be necessary to protect the inside layer of the reactor .
To get those alloys it would already cost millions .
How about the construction cost of the entire power plant which is still unknown yet ?
When the cost is reduced , cheaper electricity can be provided to public .
But in term of performance , VHTR is a more efficient concept compared to others in generation four nuclear reactor concepts .
Even though it might proved costly at the beginning but it pays off well as it produces both electricity and hydrogen fuel instead of electricity only .
High temperature processed in the reactor can be used as a condition to yield hydrogen from sulphur-iodine cycle , which is a series of thermo-chemical processes that will fail without sufficient source of heat .
Hydrogen fuel produced can be used in vehicle as its onboard fuel .
Current stage for VHTR development is just at the very beginning point .
There are enormous items left to do in order for this concept to success in future .
Therefore , more research and development should be carried out so that in future this concept can become the energy supply for everyone in this earth .
However , as global warming is becoming a more pressing issue , we have now turned to nuclear reactor to provide us clean energy .
Here comes the question on which generation IV nuclear reactor we should choose .
One of the main reasons on LFR being safer is LFR , which operates at around 550 degree Celsius , has a lower outlet temperature than VHTR , which operates at around 1000 degree Celsius ( Butler .
In short , operating at 1000 degree Celsius is not much of a safety issue since VHTR is safe and reliable at high temperature .
In addition , in terms of the coolant used by the two reactors , VHTR is safer than LFR .
With the presence of the radioactive polonium and the corrosiveness of lead , it is not safe to use lead as a coolant .
In terms of cost to build the reactor , LFR cost around US $ 700 million ( Neil W. Brown .
2006 ) while VHTR cost around US $ 1.1 billion ( Butler .
In addition , in term of the cost of coolant , lead cost around US $ 0.24 per 100 grams ( MetalPrice.com ) while helium cost around US $ 5.20 per 100 grams .
However , there are other factors that will also affect the cost of operating the reactor , such as maintenance cost .
With the economic production of hydrogen ( H2 ) by thermochemical cycles , it can reduce the maintenance cost for operating the VHTR .
The final argument advanced by the supporters of LFR is LFR perform much better than VHTR .
However , recycling of nuclear waste will result in the production of plutonium , which can be used as nuclear weapon ( Butler .
Hence , recycling of nuclear waste is not safe in term of security .
It is because the higher the outlet temperature , the greater is the efficiency of electrical generation .
VHTR generates electrical energy in two ways , from nuclear reactant directly and from hydrogen fuel .
In conclusion , VHTR is safe because it is designed to attained thermal stability and it uses inert coolant , which is helium .
Hence , it should be evident that VHTR works better than LFR in term of security , cost and performance .
Since VHTR is one of the better options among the generation IV nuclear reactors and it is feasible , we should invest and support in further research and development on VHTR .
Nowadays , we use fossil fuel in most cases , because it is convenience and has low cost of production .
But as the environment issues becomes a high-profile problems and under the situation that this kind of non-renewable resource will be ran out in the near future , people begin to seek some other methods that can support the world as before .
Nuclear is now widely used in many countries and plays a more and more important role in the 21th century .
Recently , according to survey nuclear power produces around 11 % of the world 's energy needs and could take more proportion in the future .
This new reactors operating at high temperatures will do improve the efficiency and safety .
That 's why US , France and China have already planed to build the plant in order to occupy the dominating position in this new area .
However , among the six types of new reactors the Very High Temperature Reactor is the most appropriate for us to realize actually .
It may become the next major energy .
The VHTR , just as it name implies , the temperature needed is as high as 1000 ° C .
VHTR can provide some outstanding features while the rests can not , or VHTR is an extremely high efficiency reactor with a good security guarantee .
The VHTR system is highly ranked in efficiency not just because of its high nuclear production but also the large hydrogen production , and such kind of by product can also be used in many other industries .
Actually , according the report from DISCOVERY : VHTR plants could even produce hydrogen for fuel using high-temperature steam electrolysis , which breaks apart the bonds of water molecules ; this process is 50 percent more energy-efficient than existing hydrogen production methods .
The electricity , of course , will be used as electric power , supplying to the society .
Base on the information form DISCOVER : The VHTR should produce electricity about 40 percent more efficiently than do most reactors in the United States ( New Tech Could Make Nuclear the Best Weapon Against Climate Change , Elizabeth Svoboda ) .
In term of safety , firstly , the design takes advantage of the inherent safety characteristics of a helium-cooled .
Helium should be very stable and inert even under high temperature condition , so this kind of inert gas can protect the system during the refrigeration processing .
Numerous tests and calculations have shown that it is virtually impossible for the this kind of graphite become unstable , self-sustained combustion or incurring ignition will not happen during the process .
That means low system pressure and low thermal energy will store in the core with low power density and easily cool geometry , then decay heat will be dissipated passively by conduction and radiation even under the most severe accident conditions. ( ...................... .
) So the damage of the decay heat will less serious .
The security of VHTR can be guaranteed , because of these three features that protect the system form collapsing .
But thing is not always perfect , the cost of this reactor is very high and we still get some technology gaps for the VHTR , for example , chemical process and the nuclear heat source to each other with regard to temperatures , power levels , and operational pressure. ( .......... .
For more than 20 years of evolution , medical robots are one of the great inventions in this modern technology driven world .
In the past , medical robots help the surgeons to diagnose the patients ' internal organs and perform minor surgeries .
But in recent years , due to the technology advancement on the medical robots , prototypes of these robots surgery systems are now able to perform more precise , accurate and complicated surgery , such as reaching for untouchable tissue , on the patients with the surgeons controlling them remotely .
However , there are many issues revolving about the use of the robotics surgery system with compare to traditional human operated surgery in the public .
The first issue is that the public is concern about paying robotic surgery at high price .
However , this is true when it comes to medical fees especially surgery and it is even more expensive when compare with traditional one .
Though this may be the only disadvantage that the patients are going to have but there are lots of advantages for them if they are willing to use medical robots to perform surgery .
" This is quote from one article by Debra S. from Reuters .
Another article from News week reported by Jennifer B. mentioned , " Forbes was walking within hours of his surgery and was discharged the next day .
" From these quotes , the advantages are definitely benefit the patients in many ways especially when the patients are able to go back to their normal daily life in shorter recovery time .
Another issue is that the public concerns about the safety and reliability of the robotic surgery system , for example , the system breakdown in the process of surgery .
The doubt is unclear to the public and they are worried if this would have happen to them while performing surgery .
However , the public can rest assure for this matter because the hospitals have always been doing maintenance for the robotic systems .
In the matter of fact , this is the biggest downside for having a robotic system for the hospitals .
There is an article by The American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists mentioned " The system costs hospitals about $ 1.6 million and requires an annual $ 100,000 maintenance contract , according to Dr .
The last issue for the public is concern that the surgeons are not well trained with controlling the robotic surgery systems .
This is agreeable to concern with whereas the patients are putting their lives on the hands of the surgeons .
However , the public , especially the patients , do not required to worry for this issue , as there is robotic surgery training center available in Singapore to train the surgeons .
The surgeons are responsible for proper training and follow training standards for using the equipments .
The surgeons are encouraged to have more practices before attempt on the patients .
" The more you do , the better you 're going to get , said Dr Kevin Zorn " quote from Reuters article by Debra S .
In brief , with the advancement of medical technologies , the robotic surgery systems are definitely benefit both the patients and the surgeons .
While the patients are able to recover quickly and back to their normal lifestyle , the surgeons are able to perform more surgery as they spend lesser time on each patient and required fewer manpower in the operating theater .
In my opinion , in these modern technologies in medical equipments , for example , robotic surgery system , help to extend the lifespan of one human being .
Therefore , the public should not fear of the robotic surgery and should give confident and trust to the surgeons and the technologies they are using .
The industry of the nuclear power is reviving in the 21st century .
However , the accidents of reactor meltdown and explosion that happened in the past makes the public worried about the safe operation of the nuclear reactors .
Whether it is necessary for the further research and development funding for VHTR therefore becomes a big issue that is being widely discussed .
A number of oppositions are aroused to stop the funding for the six generation IV reactor concepts because of not only the security risk but the inefficiency and the great cost as well .
Despite such concerns and queries , however , the new concept of VHTR does reach the public 's requirement in terms of safety , efficiency and cost , and the further research and development funding for it is definitely needed for resolving the energy crisis and also developing new materials and techniques .
As it is well-known , the helium , which is used for cooling , has inherent safety characteristics to enhance the security of the whole reactor system .
Thus , it largely reduces the possibility to cause explosion or other accidents .
The VHTR system , if successful , will prevent most accidents to occur .
Practically , Japan has already put the concept of VHTR into tests and has been successful ( Kazuhiro , 2005 ) .
From this point of view , the further research and development funding is also needed .
This may be true , but the value the VHTR system can raise and the benefit it will obtain can not be ignored .
Firstly , the VHTR system can largely contribute to easing the energy crisis that is widely spread all over the world , which could save a large amount of financial budgets .
As the energy crisis becomes worse , the energy demand will cause US nation 's oil imports by 78 % without a proper method to convert water into hydrogen .
In addition , the VHTR system has a perfect design for the waste recycling .
Furthermore , a number of researches are needed to develop the VHTR system , including new materials such as heat resistance , and new techniques such as temperature control .
Once these researches have been done , it is not only the VHTR system will benefit , but also many other industries .
Therefore , the great value and benefit from developing the concept of VHTR is far more than the high cost it requires .
The first generation of nuclear reactors has been built in 1950 .
Since then , continuous researches have been done to produce a better generation of nuclear reactors .
Not to mention , nuclear power plants have been widely deployed in many leading countries in the world such as United States , Japan , and China which use the nuclear power plants as one of their main power sources to propel energy industry .
The usages of the nuclear power plants are widely recognized and they are being integrated as part of those countries ' promising energy sources .
One kilogram uranium can release the same amount of energy as that released by 2400 tons of standard coal .
Its good alternative as an energy source not only reduce green house effects , but also helps in solving the problems of limited supplies of coal and oil .
Nuclear power source has been deemed to be a promising energy source in the future .
However , the nuclear leak incidents happened in the past few decades in countries such as Three Miles Island , Pennsylvania , Chernobyl in Ukraine , and Bhopal in India have posted doubts on the reliability of the nuclear reactors .
It is an organization formed by 9 leading countries in the world which consists of Canada , China , Euratom , France , Japan , Republic of Korea , South Africa , Switzerland , and United States .
The organization tries to resolve security issues posted by the current nuclear reactors .
100 international experts from GIF and other world leading nuclear power plant research centers have gathered themselves to find the most promising nuclear systems .
These state-of-the-art nuclear reactors will be able to minimize nuclear wastes and reduce the long-term stewardship burden posted by traditional nuclear reactors .
They have integrated safety design and back-up system to prevent accidents due to human errors and carelessness , therefore reducing the likelihood and degree of vector core damage .
The physical protection of the new nuclear reactors will also prevent the act of terrorism .
Out of the six proposals posted in the Generation IV Reactor , Very- High-Temperature Reactors ( VHTR ) stands out for its potential capability to achieve an excellent thermal performance .
The great breakthrough in the researches also suggests that the VHTR does not require intermediate refueling , therefore eliminates the likelihood of accidents .
The reactor operates by using a high temperature exchanger and electrical heater to avoid efficiency penalty and to enable the generation of electricity and hydrogen at the same time .
It was also known that the ultra-long life VHTR systems can be developed with the use of minor actinides ( MA ) .
With today 's high demand of energy sources , one can say that nuclear energy is an inevitable energy source in the future to come .
Nuclear power , for a long time , has been one of the most useful inventions that serve the people .
Going along with the world 's development , the Generation IV International Forum , which has the attendances of the ten nations mastering in nuclear power , has introduced the six new reactor concepts ( " Nuclear power 's new dawn , " 2004 ) .
One of them , the Molten Salt Reactor has a prospective application though there are several objections with respect to safety , cost and performance .
Some think that nuclear plants emit radioactive waste into the environment , which may cause both pollution and genetic mutation ; others are afraid of the safety system , meaning the plants are easy to explode .
However , nuclear power as well as the new Molten Salt Reactor system , in fact , is more safety and useful .
According to Declan Butler ( 2004 ) , the Molten Salt Reactor system mainly uses fluoride salts , which also belong to heat-and corrosion-resistant materials , as coolant , which can operate for a very long time and also be safe and reliable .
Another advantage from nuclear power is its green emission .
In fact , among other Generation IV Reactors as well as electricity generators , the Molten Salt Reactor seems to be the cheapest way to produce electricity power .
He compared them in term of the availability to build , cost to produce power and area of land occupied .
For example , the cost ( in US dollar ) for fuel used per Megawatt-hour energy is $ 5 for nuclear and $ 11 for coal plants ( " The Virtual Nuclear Tourist , " 2005 ) .
A nuclear plant can be built on any place , which does not require natural resources .
Solar or wind power need a lot of land to produce a same amount of energy .
Performance is one of the most concerned factors that people often prefer to dams or solar panels .
The power , an amount of energy generated in a unit of time , of a nuclear plan is highest among the others' .
As Roger ( 2007 ) stated in his statistic data , the average amount of energy generated per hour of varies among kinds of plant : average 4000 MW for nuclear , 1000 MW for coal or oil-fired and 700 MW for hydroelectric generating stations .
From these numbers , it is obvious that the performance of nuclear plants is sufficient enough to support the consumption of a large population , which helps the lack-of-natural-resources nations be independent of coal or oil import .
In short , the cheap material , additional product ( hydrogen ) and high performance ( property of nuclear power ) make the Molten Salt Reactor system as well as nuclear power most efficient .
In conclusion , nuclear power is safety , clean and effective , which most of people seem to forget .
With the cheap , safety , recyclable , low pressure , having-additional-produce and high performance properties of the Molten Salt Reactor system , it is one of the most potential electricity generators for the future .
One of the Achilles ' heels of nuclear power plants is the dangers of radioactive radiation leakage to the environment .
Generation IV nuclear reactor plants promises higher redundancy , higher efficiency , better safety features than its predecessors .
In this essay , we shall discuss the advantage of Lead cooled Fast Reactor ( LFR ) over Sodium cooled Fast Reactor ( SFR ) on the aspects of safety , cost and performance .
The element sodium has a low boiling point of 1156 Kelvins , compared to lead 's higher 2023 Kelvins , which is dangerous it becomes overheated and starts to boils ( Hejzlar , 2009 ) .
On the other hand , lead can become radioactive and therefore harmful to life during refueling when the lead is exposed .
While research is being done to control the lead 's radioactivity , it is assuring that refueling is done every 8 years in large plants and every 15 years in smaller plants .
Cost has become a very important criterion in the world today ; in this case , the LFR fits the bill very well .
Considering the economics of scale , the cost of building materials such as steel and concrete will increase significantly , hence the size of nuclear plant has become a consideration .
On the contrary , the research on the use of pure lead instead of a lead-bismuth cooling agent may outweigh the economic benefits of LFR .
Also , the SFR is projected to launch 10 years earlier than LFR .
For the time being , LFR has the advantage of having to cost less today .
Also LFR has better fuel efficiency than SFR as LFR has lesser specific power , 45kW/kgHM compared to 65kW/kgHM of the SFR .
SFR has been the mainstream for nuclear power plants in the past years and therefore more familiar and accepted .
However research is needed to prove the capability of sodium in high temperatures , as it has a low boiling point , which will result in a complex design .
Henceforth , to meet the world 's energy needs , scientists are re-addressing the potential benefits from harnessing power through nuclear reaction , in which uranium is splitted to release energy .
Moreover , the processed heat that the nuclear reactor produces can also be used in other industrial areas such as hydrogen production , water desalination and the treatment crude oil ( Jacques , 2008 ) .
The fact that uranium is also widely available in ample supply is in contrast with the trend of the rapidly depleting coal and natural gases reserves .
In addition , the leftover waste is radioactive in nature and if not handled properly , it creates pollution and poses great threat to the ecosystem of the world .
Firstly , the VHTR does not recycle its leftover from the nuclear reaction ; instead , the waste is being discarded at the end of the nuclear process .
They are afraid that if terrorists are to sabotage these nuclear plants , their act will lead to a catastrophic disaster which will affect the nation 's economic and social health being .
To conclude , nuclear energy is relatively cheap , environmentally and socially responsible and safe to use .
There was a sequence of events that caused the explosion of reactor number 4 that led to the release of radioactive fission products to atmosphere .
This resulted in many deaths , including those that died from the accident , those firefighters and majority from those attributed to radiation .
There are arguments that the lack of knowledge of the operators and the technical failure of equipments could not be solved with the application of psychology .
However , it seems otherwise since psychology is a study of human mental or behavior .
This incident occurred during a non-routine operation to test ability of turbine , in times of power failure , to produce sufficient power .
The behavior of operators should be anticipated and thus engineers could have reduced the complexity of task by providing short and efficient procedure guidelines .
The failure to do so showed that the engineers have overestimated operators ' knowledge of the process .
( Wilpert.B , 2007 ) In other words , it is unfair to blame the operators as unskilled or inexperience when accidents happened .
Even so , many still think that psychology may not come in handy to prevent accidents from happening , especially when it is technical faults .
This characteristic will cause reactors to be unstable at low power level .
Another fatal technical fault is the chosen design of the control rods .
If they had adopted the use of psychology , they might have review safety records of that type of reactor in the industry before deciding on it .
However , in this process , there may be partial failures in the system which the engineers failed to identify and thus unable to improve safety of the system .
Therefore , a systematic thinking is recommended , where engineers constantly analyze one 's own approach and decisions so as to make corrective actions to improve the safety of whole system .
Such is preferred than making corrections only after accident occurred .
Men have always wanted to fly freely since the realization of aeroplane , therefore , being able to travel great distances with freedom of route and comfort has since been the aim of the transportation industry .
" ( Moller , 2008 ) In year 2008 , the prototype of Skycar , priced at over US $ 3million , was invented and put on sale via the auction site , eBay ( Techchee , 2007 ) .
Being able to take-off and land vertically with very little noise , it soon attracted the attention of not just the US Army but also rich businessmen who can rely on it to travel to different places at ease ( Yahoo , 2009 ) .
However , should its design safety be compromised so as to balance out the other factors like performance , cost , environment and social requirement or needs ?
Although it may be true that redundant safety systems can be removed and the Skycar still remains safe for usage but when accident happens , no one can ever be too safe .
Besides that , the loss of life and the cost of safety systems which could have prevented the accident can not be compared .
For example , the cars used in Formula One are much more heavily equipped with safety features since the death of driver , Ayrton Senna da Silva in 1994 , where his car was already very much equipped with safety precautions during his accident .
Some enthusiasts have voiced out that it is simply too costly to own a Skycar .
Safety of bystanders is also considered where design safety is concerned .
Equipped with auto-releasing parachute , it allows enough time for bystanders to evacuate when the vehicle fails .
In the year 2005 , of the 43443 people killed in vehicle accidents in the US , more than 5000 were innocent bystanders ( Stats , nd ) .
Some consumers commented that the structure and shape of the Skycar should be modified as it looks weird and seems to be out of logic .
Although the designers modified the airfoil at the expense of rising it 's cost , if the vehicle were to be less stable , will the consumer still be interested in the product ?
The Skycar has since passed it flight test and awaiting its approved from the Federal Aviation Administration to be recognised as commercial vehicle .
As the market of such vehicle grows , mass production is likely to take place which will in turn lower its cost price .
The rapid development of countries and expansion of population have created a world of increasing unable to meet the demand of energy.Additionally , fossil fuel is criticized as the main contributing factor for green house gas effect .
As such , there is a pressing need to search for alternative renewable forms and energy which is comparative more eco-friendly and highly effective .
In such context , nuclear energy created by using the Generation IV ( Gen IV ) reactor is able to replace for fossil fuel that is believed to be the main cause for global warming .
Some may argue , with skepticism , that the safety issues of this reactor is still imminent and hence , nuclear power should not be supported .
Some opponent raise the doubt of the performance of VHTR .
First , VHTR is performed under very high temperature , therefore allowing for more efficient conversion of heat to electricity .
Nowadays , there is an increasing demand for energy due to fast economic development , thus we need a power generator method that would be sustainable in the long term .
Actually , fossil fuel is also possible but with the spike of in energy consumption in the past few decades , fossil fuel is predicted to deplete by 2040 .
Moreover , the fossil fuel 's emission of carbon dioxide which contributes to soaring green house gas would not happen with nuclear power .
In short , I believe that with further research , the efficiency of the nuclear power can be increased , making it potential as our energy resource in the future .
Some skeptics feel that the building of VHTR is a risky investment , complaining that VHTR is expensive source of energy , hence infeasible .
Due to low maintenance , the fixed cost would be lower in a near future time .
The fact that China , one the world largest consumers of energy , is willing to spend high proportion of money for this project show the foresee long run benefit that nuclear power can bring about , especially since Chinese government has been always very pragmatic .
Yet , VHTR is actually still safe and reliable to operate with improved accident management and mitigation and reduced off-side response with little human intervention .
Last but not least , some will question why helium with low thermal conductivity is chosen as coolant , given that some other coolant , for instance molten salt , allows better electric conversion efficiency than a helium-cooled VHTR operating at similar conditions .
However , the selection of coolant based on many factors .
Although there is certain undenied limitation of VHTR , I am strongly convicted that with the current technology advances , the limitation will be solved .
With more fund channeled into research this area , the potential of VHTR could be maximized .
The most common method of power generation for close to 150 years requires the burning of fossil fuels such as oil or coal .
Perhaps a solution to save our planet will be to use a cleaner energy source -- nuclear power which does not emit any harmful gases .
The world is concerned with the safety of nuclear power plants and the possibility of nuclear arms proliferation.TS Past incidents at Chernobyl and Three Mile Island ( Bodansky , 2005 ) had left many in doubt of the technology .
In recent news , both North Korea and Iran have been told to step back on their plans of a nuclear power plant in fear that the same radioactive materials used for energy generation will be used in nuclear weapons .
Moreover , detractors have argued that the high temperature generated in nuclear reactors is not fully utilized and conventional non-nuclear energy generation methods have better performance in terms of thermal efficiency.TS Existing nuclear plants have thermal efficiency of approximately 33 % ( Olander , 2009 ) compared to 70 % and above for non-nuclear power plants .
Another objection is raised by the taxpayers ; they are not convinced with the heavy investment of building a nuclear plant.TS A nuclear plant costs on average , a billion dollars and is designed with a lifespan of sixty years ( Butler , 2004 ) .
Acid rain had caused deforestation and affected fisheries , the damages amounts to millions per year .
The collision involved two Boeing 747s , KLM and Pan Am ; KLM took off while Pan Am was still on the runway .
Many factors such as foggy weather contributed to the accident ; however , the most significant causes are considered to be the ambiguous phraseology in the comment " We are uh taking off " or " We are at takeoff " from KLM and the single channel radio which made the crucial readback for clearance lost in radio squelch ( Kilroy , n.d. ) .
Proponents may argue that with the input of psychology , the designers of the airport should have anticipated such possible dangers and stricter laws to insist on proper phraseology and check for clearance should have been put into use .
For the technical part , the centerline lights were out of operation which disabled the two planes from seeing each other ; the single channel radio made the response inaudible and there was no ground radar ( ALPA , n.d. ) .
Besides , the thick fog formed worsened the situation .
The adoption of psychology in design might have taken a few of the factors into consideration , but it was unlikely to have anticipated al and hence there would still be potential hazards .
To sum up , the use of psychology in design would not be very helpful in the special case of Tenerife accident due to the human errors and accidental factors that were difficult to anticipate and prevent .
Scientists have put in a lot effort to the development in nuclear energy which is one of the major modern energy resources nowadays .
It is one of the clean and renewable energy which can help us solve the emergent problems of energy shortage .
But from my point of view , I believe nuclear energy can make much more benefits than the lost .
Compared with that , the number of coal mine accidents deaths is much largerit reaches 7530 per year .
So it is easier to guarantee the safety of nuclear power plants because if workers follow the regulations , no accidents will be caused .
It is the real hazard trouble .
It can keep nuclear reactor operating under lower temperature and pressure .
From the above reasons , we can see that nuclear energy is not as dangerous as people expect , contrarily , it is one of the safest energy humans being can use in modern society .
Secondly , as I mentioned above , the scientists are trying to develop the lead-cooled fast reactor , however , the enormous size of investment have prevented most countries from this kind of research .
Nowadays 442 nuclear power plants are working all over world , contributing about 19 percent of the world 's electricity supply .
Another case in point is American , " They produce much of the electricity that fuels our economic growth .
Statistics shows that , in 1996 , nuclear power produced 674 billion kilowatt-hours of electricity , which was more than the total electricity consumed in the early 1950s ( Nuclear Energy & Society , n.d. ) .
Thus to sum up , nuclear power plants can produce electricity with higher efficiency and larger amount compared to fuel or coal burning electric generating plant .
It can bring great economic benefit .
Lastly , the lack of technology to deal with the disposal of nuclear plants which are radioactive and highly toxic is the last reason prevents countries from using nuclear energy .
Officers are afraid of terrorists who acquire a substantial amount of nuclear waste could construct a so-called " dirty bomb " which may affect the country 's safety .
And if government can reinforce the management of where the nuclear waste goes after using , people do not have to worry about the attack from terrorists .
In conclusion , nuclear energy is not dangerous to human being so that we should make full use of nuclear energy to benefit the whole of mankind .
However , none of these can be the ideal energy to us now due to the technological problems , economic concern , or potential dangers .
There is no need spending so much on nuclear energy development .
However , in terms of efficiency and economic value , nuclear energy takes great advantages over both solar energy and wind force .
Besides this , in the process of nuclear reaction , large amount of hydrogen can be generated for the use of petroleum refinement and also as new advanced fuel in transportation ( Vilim , 2007 ) .
It is said that for America the energy demand of transport alone will cause increase of oil imports by 78 % by the end of 2025 if it does not switch the dependence on oil to hydrogen ( Butler , 2004 ) .
Though solar energy and wind force can also contribute to environment protection , nuclear energy indeed has its unique advantages which they can not rival with .
But they will not expect that the meltdown proof in VHTR can cool them down when accidents happen and minimize the interaction with human beings ( Butler , 2004 ) .
So nuclear reactor would not be a desirable target for terrorists any more .
To sum up , the Generation reactors have made great improvements compared to the older generations in terms of both technology and safety features .
On one hand , nuclear energy has the advantage of high efficiency , none-greenhouse-gas emission and the by-product hydrogen which is supposed to be another ideal energy .
Electric vehicle ( EV ) is not new on the road ; in fact it has been on the road more than a century ago .
However , there were safety issues on the newly developed technologies that the electric vehicle carries such as the volatile Lithium ion battery , massive battery weight problem , and the silent electric motor that might cause unnoticeable hazard to the pedestrians .
Despite all the safety issues , improvements have been taken to enhance the safety of the EV .
From my survey , in my opinion EV is safer than conventional gasoline vehicle .
Although numerous news claims that EV is unsafe , there are evidences of improvements have been made to make EV safe to drive .
Anti-impact cage is added to shield the battery from being crushed .
In order to prevent over charging and discharging , advanced microchips will be used to monitor the batteries capacity .
With these improvements , Osamu Masuko , president of the Mithubishi Motors says that gasoline is relatively far more dangerous than batteries .
Electric vehicle carries large and heavy battery packs to increase the mileage per charge .
These heavy batteries results in an EV being much heavier compared to an identical gasoline vehicle .
Other than that , in a crash test , the occupants of a lighter vehicle will suffer from higher damage compared to a heavy vehicle ( insurance Institute for highway safety , 2009 ) .
In comparison , an accident involved a 1400 Kg vehicle will cause about 50 percent fewer injuries than a 900 Kg vehicle .
Recently , there are debates on electric vehicles pose hazard to pedestrians , especially to the blind or visually-impaired road users ( Nuckols , 2007 ) .
EV is propelled by an electric motor which torque is produced by electromagnetic forces .
Tests have shown that the noise level that the EV produces while operating below 30 km/h is not noticeable for all types of road user .
Beyond that speed , more audible noise is formed by the air displaced by the body of the vehicle and frictional on the tired .
Thus , the European Commission and the US Congress are taking the initiative to set up a minimum level of sound for the EV , and the Japanese may add noise to the quiet vehicle ( AFP , 2009 ) , so that the pedestrian and blind people are able to detect incoming EV .
This shows that initiatives have been taken to make electric car safe for the drivers and the pedestrians .
From all the weaknesses of the EV mentioned above , we can actually see that those were no longer a threat to the EV drivers or pedestrians .
EV batteries have been improved to prevent over-heating , controlled charging and discharging , and fortified the casing to ensure the batteries are not seriously damaged after a car crash .
The weight problems were countered easily by properly aligned the batteries such that the weight will give more stability to the EV .
In conclusion , we can see that manufacturers had greatly improved the EV to a standard that EV is safer than the conventional gasoline vehicle .
Patients with cardiovascular disease usually suffer from heart failure , where the heart ceases to work leading to a sudden heart attack .
Heart transplant was the only option to save these patients initially .
Proving to be very difficult , the mortality rate of cardiovascular disease remains high .
Heartmate II is a battery operated electronic pump attached internally onto a patient 's heart inside his or her chest cavity .
Battery life is one of the main concerns that need to be addressed for the Heartmate II .
Essentially , what needs to be achieved is a compact and less bulky battery with longer life span .
Furthermore , users could even enable the user to take a proper bath , instead of being restricted to just wiping themselves clean with a wet cloth .
Over the decades , mankind has improved tremendously in terms of technologies .
People are now living in a world filled with technologies in every edge of the world powered by electricity .
However , the days when people use more electricity than they produce are approaching .
This forces people to resort into producing energy through nuclear reactors which have higher outputs .
Firstly , the public has always view that nuclear reactors are unsafe to use as they emit entities which are hazardous to people 's health and the environment .
MSR has a liquid fuel , the reactor has the unique safety advantage that in the event of an accident , the fuel salt is dumped to critically safe , passively cooled storage tanks .
Moreover , molten salts are effectively incompressible ; consequently , a failure of a heat exchanger in the chemical plant will not pressurize the plant .
Also , the public is afraid that the nuclear reactor is misuse for development of nuclear weapon .
This does not concern MSR , as it is able to operate with non-weapon grade fissile fuel which makes it no chance for people to misuse the research to develop nuclear weapons .
Secondly , it has always been a general perception from the public that the cost incurred to build a nuclear reactor is always huge .
This causes not many efforts are being taken to initiate a nuclear reactor project as they believe the project is not feasible .
Another related concern is the amount of cost incurred from the maintainence of the reactor .
However , MSR is known to be among the cheapest nuclear reactor .
Also , MSR will be using thorium as fuel where thorium is so abundant in the world as compare to current technologies which mostly use coals as fuel where coals are expected to last just for another 146years according to Energy Information Administration ( EIA ) .
These show that MSR are economical and should have cleared any doubts regarding further research on MSR as it is a feasible project in the long run as it makes use of resources which are abundant .
If fundings are provided for researches on MSR , there is no doubt that MSR can be fully utilize .
Although MSR generally generate less energy as compared to other nuclear reactors , the lesser space it requires can make up for it .
In conclusion , it is evident that MSR is worth the fundings for the research given the attributes it possess .
If further researches are being done , there is no doubt that MSR will be able to improve its weakness in having higher output as well as further refine on its strong points which is economical and safe to use .
Due to its huge energy production and no emission of carbon dioxides , many nuclear power plants have been built .
People have been disputing about the safety problems and the cost brought by these plants for a long time .
Despite the controversy , the nuclear power plants still find their ways back onto the table .
During Generation IV International Forum , the concept of Very-high-temperature reactor ( VHTR ) is raised which is more efficient than the previous ones .
Acoording to scientific measurement , the energy genrerated by per unit hydrogen is about 2.6 times than fossil fuel .
Some opponents will say that large sum of money may be spent on the research and be pessimistic about the result .
What is more , we should look at problem in the long term .
They all have dangers .
Accoding to car crash states in America in 2005 , there were nearly 6,420,000 auto accidents and about 40,000 people are killed .
And because we know very clearly that it is dangerous , we devote very much effort to monitor the whole process in case accident happens .
In conclusion , energy is the key to keeping our society and economy development sustainable .
Besides , the demands for the energy is soaring , a more efficient way should be used to generate energy .
However , given the accidents of nuclear meltdown , people are worried about the safety issue of using new clear power .
While , experts have found a new generation of new clear reactors are safer and more effective than the old generation .
A good moderator is the one that should not absorb too much energy when the neutrons bounce off nor absorb the neutrons before they split .
Graphite is a good one compared with the ordinary moderator which is water since graphite is heat resistant .
So using graphite increases the efficiency of the usage of uranium and reduce the lost of energy .
While , People still wonder if safety is guaranteed after the accident related to the VHTR basic design which has a potential to cause the destruction of the reactor core ( Takeda , 2001 ) .
First is the choice for the coolant .
Therefore with these design , the risk could be lowered .
In addition , now computational methods can be used for simulating air ingress in the VHTR to help prevent the accident ( Kim , 2009 ) .
Apart from safety issue , in order to implement the very high temperature reactor , people also concern about the economic factor .
Without arguing , it is more expensive to build a new clear plant , while , after the start-up , the operating cost is cheaper because of high-efficiency , lower-cost high-temperature reactor for electricity and hydrogen production .
Reported by the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission , the overall operating costs for nuclear power plants is roughly the same as the recent coal-fired plants and below the costs of operating most gas-fired generation units ( Forsberg , Peterson , Zhao , 2006 ) .
Besides , a technoeconomic optimization method has developed and can be applied to the power conversion system of a very high temperature reactor , taking both investment costs and operating costs into account ( Mansilla , 2008 ) Concerning over the energy resource availability , climate change , air quality , and energy security issue , nuclear power may take an important role in future .
The very high temperature reactor , being one of the possible systems of new generation power , which is aim to achieve improvements in economic competitiveness , nuclear safety , is promising to be implemented in the future .
Under these circumstance , scientists have come up with the ideathe very high temperature reactor ( VHTR ) to make use of nuclear in a safer and more efficient way .
People wonder the existence of suitable material to build this reactor .
They concern about the probability of radioactivity leaking .
Firstly , people wonder whether scientists can find a suitable material that can withstand such high temperature , more than 1000 , comparing to that of the current nuclear reactor which is less 330 .
It is true that there is a huge jump between these two levels , but that does not necessarily mean impossible .
Secondly , some people concern about leaking of radioactivity after a period of running although the reactor maybe good enough to hold all radioactivity inside at the beginning .
That is why engineers have set the timeline to replace some certain parts of the reactor that maybe not safe after some years .
The other common aspect that may have some influence in the safety area is the reaction between coolant and the crust of the reactor which may directly results in radioactivity leaking and even explosion .
With the rapid industrialisation , the energy requirements of the world are increasing exponentially.It has increased to a point where the conventional sources of energy are no longer able to meet the demands.Not only this , but there is also the problem of pollution which is becoming graver everyday and threatens to eradicate life altogether on this planet .
The VHTR can not only supply heat to a broad range of high temperature and energy intensive processes but also produce electricity to meet the modern demands.Also in the end hydrogen is produced which clearly is a huge benefit as the energy required to produce pure hydrogen is really tremendous .
Helium is an inert gas , hence exposing it to radiation does not make it radioactive thus averting a major health hazard.Because of helium being used as the coolant very high temperatures such as 1000C are possible thus increasing its efficiency manifold .
Infact the refuelling in this type of reactor can be achieved when it is still running.It is so highly efficient that a single pebble can last upto three years .
With the green house effect threatening to cause severe climatic changes , it is really wise to switch from burning fossil fuels to nuclear fuel.Research still proceeds everyday in perfecting this , may be several years from now there will be an even more efficient way to tap the nuclear energy .
However , there have been strong differing views .
This new generation nuclear plant has been designed to deal with imminent concerns so as to prepare us for the nuclear power .
Spherical fuel elements are termed as 'pebble' .
These pebbles are coated with multiple layers of hard ceramic layer which results in the pebbles being extremely heat resistant .
The half-lives of these nuclear wastes will be shortened to just a few decades instead of the few millenniums with the existing technology .
With future technological breakthroughs in the future , nuclear waste disposal problem will no longer be a concern .
Lastly , the public is concerned about the high prices related to the production of nuclear energy .
The most defining issue regarding robots is the safety aspect .
In the case of robotic surgery , a breakdown in the middle of the operation can be disastrous .
This allows the surgeon in charge to be able to continue on with the surgery conventionally .
This signifies a massive improvement in recovery time and lesser pain endured by patients ( Young , 2007 ) .
Also , as machines can be sterilized more effectively than humans , there is a lower chance of them being contaminated by external factors , which means lesser chance of the patient being infected .
Robot for surgery is still in a developing stage .
As the consequence of the decreasing source of oil , people turned to find other powers to replace the petroleum .
Nuclear energy is defined as the energy comes from the nucleus of atoms due to the " nuclear fission , nuclear fusion , or radioactive decay " CITATION The05 \ l 2052 ( The American Heritage Science Dictionary , 2005 ) .
People change the energy release from bonds between atoms to electricity .
However , some accidents like the reactor core exploded and 31 people die in the 1986 scared many people ( Butler , 2004 ) .
Nevertheless , the new generation of reactor would make the process more efficient by using higher temperature , and there will be no waste go to the outside world .
In this essay I will talk about VHTR concept through three aspects : safety , economic problem , and technology requirement to support my stance .
First of all , people who do not support the development of nuclear power are worried about the safety during the nuclear power 's processing .
Chernobyl accident gives people a big shock .
However , I think that people should not judge the thing by their own view .
For example , even though the accident rate of train is much higher than that of airplane , many people are still afraid of travelling by air .
However , the " inherent safety features of the fuel and reactor " make VHTR become more reliable CITATION SMM03 \ l 2052 ( Modro , 2003 ) .
In short , VHTR has good safety control
Secondly , some people may think that nuclear reaction will spend a lot of money on building a large factory and using the high technology equipment .
Especially for VHTR , it will spend large amount of money on special materials that can afford high temperature and high pressure .
However , in the long round , nuclear factories will produce more profit than other reactor concepts .
Second , the high efficiency up to 50 % , which is the highest among six generation IV reactor concepts , will bring a lot of economy profit to factory .
Last but not least , VHTR will not only produce the electricity but also the hydrogen .
Therefore , we can get a lot of benefit through VHTR .
Besides the safety and economic issue , some people are worried about the performance of nucleus reaction .
Considering the large economic benefit VHTR can bring , governments tend to put it to the first place to develop .
In conclusion , VHTR has a high-efficiency system that can produce electricity and hydrogen , and it has high rank of safety .
Looking into every single opportunity to decrease the greenhouse gases emitting into the atmosphere , energy sources may be one of the emphatic points to be revised .
Many of the energy producing sources produce inadmissible air pollutants and greenhouse gases which are very baneful to the environment .
Nuclear power is one of the alternate energy sources that are being considered to arbitrate these problems due to its efficiencies and environmental friendly processes .
Nuclear reactors haven been mistook for a time bomb waiting to be exploded anytime because of the tremendous pressure contained inside .
On the contrary , a bomb is a compact object so the neutrons need not travel far to hit another fissionable atom which made it so powerful .
This is a fact based on the fundamental of physics on how fast fission neutron travels .
Involving large amount of radioactivity had been a strain to convince the public to allow nuclear reactors existence in the past few decades .
Accidents that had happened with casualties and affected people are evidence of the dangers involving nuclear reactors .
( John , 1995 ) Furthermore , lead-cooled fast reactor will be much safer compared to the conventional plants with a better and more comprehensive safety features .
( 2004 ) , not only does low to moderate doses of ionizing radiation are not harmful , it stimulates the immune system and check oxidation of DNA through a process known as " radiation hormesis " , preventing cancer too .
Canny people may expect design flaws in the plants and calculated the maintenance to incur more costs in a long run .
Nevertheless , nuclear power now is substantially cheaper and they are expected to be even lower in the near future through further research and development .
They are claimed to be " safer " energy sources as the probability of being prone to accidents are deemed to be lower .
Having the need of finding the strategic locations and only producing energy only at certain time of the year , they are not preferred in reality .
For instance , comparing to the 19 percent of the toal energy the nuclear reactors in US produced , solar panels and wind turbines contributed only 0.1 percent .
Engineers do face a tremendous pressure every time when an engineering accident occurs .
As it is reported on Nuclear Science and Engineering ( 1987 ) , the primary causes of the Chernobyl Nuclear Reactor Plant Explosion are recorded as follows :
Therefore , it is natural for ordinary people who witnessed those tragedies to put all the blame on the engineers and even scold some faulty engineers .
Though engineers have been compelled to be the target of public criticism for a long time , few psychologists really decide to conduct a comprehensive study on human factors to reveal the truth .
Actually , the way of preventing engineering accidents should be innovated by taking psychology into consideration instead of expecting engineers to be perfect .
Normally , the public criticize engineers for their carelessness and strongly suggest raising engineers ' level of responsibility .
Actually , nowadays the rapid-developing technology and resultant economic effect over-focus on the improvement of the equipment and machines , which strictly requires human 's adaptation to them .
From psychologists ' point of view , the engineers have to take on more pressure which finally causes all sorts of negative impact on them and certainly do nothing effective to their daily work .
Moreover , in many countries , the governments usually do not pay enough attention to engineers except when one must come out to take the consequences .
This is unfair to engineers , the most important founders of modern world .
Therefore , psychologists can play an irreplaceable role in designing workplaces by analyzing the structure of users ' physical and mental system so as to guarantee that workers can perform in a good condition from start to finish .
Relieving fatigue and restores vitality should be the best way for engineers to prevent accidents .
Third , the public criticism upon engineers needs to be more objective when referring to the theory of possibility .
Just like what B.Wilpert have illustrated in Psychology and design processes , engineers are human and it is possible for human to make mistakes , in other words , engineers need more understanding from the society in a sense .
In theoretical speaking , everything must eventually fail to perform its given function .
That is why accidents are called " accidents " and that is why human are called " human " not " god " .
Engineers should not have been over-expected ; after all , engineers are also ordinary people and have limitations of human as well .
As human , they need relaxing , they need working in sound conditions and they also need the understanding and recognition of the society as well .
From the development and achievements of this subject in not-too-distant future , the choice for a better design and the way to prevent accidents can be directly obtained .
However , these problems can be solved and the VHTR will benefit the society a lot .
First , opponents claim that the VHTR requires materials to reach high standard and currently there is no suitable candidate .
Secondly , skeptics argue that there is potential safety hazard .
It is reasonable that people concern a lot about the safety since the Chernobyl accident and Three Mile Island accident happened .
Thus , although initially the construction expense is high , later more profit can be achieved .
In conclusion , obstacles like lack of materials , safety problems and high construction cost all can be overcome .
The VHTR is a safe and profitable nuclear reactor with excellent prospect .
For decades surgery is operated by human force only , which is limited to the size of surgery tools and causes complicated procedures .
In 1985 , the emergence of a prototype " PUMA 560 " pointed out a new way to do surgery , and that is robotic surgery .
Today 's robotic surgery machines are usually equipped with 3D camera recording body image more clearly , and enable more precise operation .
However , controversies over robotic surgery also arise concerning the safety , high cost and performance .
Opponents of robotic surgery maintain that this surgery is of high danger , such as incorrect design and fault of its running program which can result in inevitable consequence .
Actually , safety issue is also the major factor for scientists doing research on robotic surgery to consider , since any tiny mistake means a life at risk .
Before a robotic surgery machine is put into use , strict inspection will be exerted on it to ensure safety .
Meanwhile , the outcomes of robotic surgery also reveal that it is a safe surgery method .
In America , with the approval of FDA ( Food and Drug Administration ) Intuitive Surgical ( Mountain View , CA ) have studied the use of its robotic surgery system on 113 patients , and then compared it with those of 132 patients who undertook the conventional surgery .
Results have showed that robotic surgery was comparable to conventional one in safety and effectiveness , according to FDA .
In addition , to train surgeons how to operate the equipment is also a large expenditure .
As robotic surgery gains acceptance , the more manufacture of it will reduce the cost .
So when unknown situation happens robots can not cope with it .
In fact , the current robotic surgery system serves as assistance in surgery .
The main role is still human surgeon who will make judgment , and the robot itself can not do anything without human operating .
Continuous advances in technology on one had will bring down the possibility of error occurring , on the other hand allow the machine to shut down safely if any emergency happens .
The combination of the two will also make modern surgery up to a new level .
According to surgeons , patients ' feedback on robotic surgery has been very positive ( Tracy , 2001 ) .
The safe disposal of nuclear waste cost $ 1 billion and takes more than 10 years to complete .
There are obvious problems for nuclear : accidents , nuclear waste , high expenditure of research and building , and the threat of nuclear weapons , but Supercritical-Water-Cooled Reactors ( Generation IV ) raise people 's hopes for the new process of the nuclear industry and the public should be justified in extension activities for the research into Supercritical-Water-Cooled Reactors ( SCWRs ) because of its efficiency , cleanness and developed technology .
( WASHINGTON , August 27 , 2007 ) More important , compared with 33 % efficiency for current Light water reactors , the high thermal efficiency ( about 45 % ) and considerable plant simplification makes SCWRs as promising advanced nuclear systems .
The Nuclear power Advantage ) Loss of life expectancy ( LLE ) due to various risks in U.S. shows that compared with cancer 980 LLE ( days ) and heart disease with 2300 LLE ( days ) , nuclear is much safer and ranks the last with 0.04 LLE ( days ) .
No carbon dioxide emission and no contribution to acid rain or global warming , makes nuclear energy fully deserve energetic support .
Since wind and sunlight is free with zero-waste , it seems better to focus on the development of these green sources .
Nevertheless we can not neglect the current technology of wind or solar power is not available to meet our needs for abundant energy .
Contrary to the opposition to nuclear power which is not convincing , nuclear power has advantages in many areas .
Independence with the weather and more proven technique , the promising Generation IV reactor , SCWRs enable nuclear power as the most promising energy source .
Nuclear power generation emits relatively low amount of carbon dioxide and its contribution to global warming is therefore relatively less .
Thus , nuclear power generation is definitely one of the solutions to the energy challenge that we mankind are facing now .
According to European Nuclear Society ( 2009 ) , at the end of September , 2009 there are 436 nuclear reactors in operation in 31 countries all over the world to provide a net output of 370,221 MW , supplying an important part of the world 's total energy consumption .
The U.S. alone relies 20 percent of its energy on nuclear power.By now we have come up with 6 concepts for the Generation-IV reactors , which mean to produce more reliable energy at lower cost and risk .
The fuel is in the form of small pebbles with uranium dioxide ( UO2 ) inside and a graphite coat .
" Even after decommissioning , the VHTR can still discharge surplus heat and do not need additional safety systems like other types of reactors do " .
But this is no problem because of the nature of the VHTR.Running at very high temperatures of about 700-900 ° C , the VHTR can supple energy to split water into oxygen and hydrogen , providing hydrogen for the nation 's industry .
This shows great advantage over the conventional reactors who possess burn-up levels of around 5 % .
Therefore , the initial invest to build the reactor can be controlled at an acceptable level , so is the construction period .
It can perform high efficiency with an acceptable initial invest and construction period .
Remember that in 1979 , the partial reactor meltdown at Three Mile Island , Pennsylvania ; in 1986 , the tragedy occurred at Chernobyl , Ukraine , in this case , the core of the reactor exploded , 31 people were killed on the spot and radioactive debris were spouted and spread over Europe ( NATURE , VOL429 , 2004 ) , opponents of nuclear reactors being built claim that it is very dangerous for nuclear reactors ' operation .
These studies including dynamic behavior when working normally as well as accident happened the moment when machines and certain components are functioning .
Through these engineers can predict the impact of a possible defeated in current and faraway situation ; study about the Leak Before Break ( LBB ) technology ; making model for Vessel Cooling System ( VCS ) ; analyses of the moment when accident happened ; safety aspects of the way how to combine the reactor to the hydrogen production plant .
Hopefully , through the realization of these studies , the dangerous of nuclear reactors ' operation will be reduced .
However , the new generation of nuclear reactor , VHTR , has improved the efficiency , which means reduce the cost of operation .
The study ( R.B.Vilim , 2007 ) shows that using the Gas Plant Analyzer and System Simulator/Hydrogen ( Gas-Pass/H ) code , the requests of the hear at the interface between a High Temperature Steam Electrolysis ( HTSE ) plant combined to the Very High Temperature Reactor ( VHTR ) have been investigated .
Moreover , compare to the price rising continuously fossil fuel , it is reasonable to using nuclear energy .
Nevertheless , according to Idaho National Laboratory 's study ( 2009 ) , the VHTR system should be high-efficiency .
During different processes , the heat can be used circulatory .
As to make the system performs better , electricity generating equipment may be added in .
Therefore , the VHTR provides a number of processes to use the heat and produce electricity in high-efficiency .
Furthermore , compare to other energy resources like gasoline and nature gas , which produce greenhouse gases , nuclear energy is much more environmental friendly .
Last but not least , the theories and technologies of Very-High-Temperature Reactor are quite mature already ; it is feasible to make it come true .
From the above mentioned , on the one hand , the worries of opponents of nuclear reactors being built all can be solved by scientists and engineers ; on the other hand , the need toward energy of the society and the develop of the related technologies have made it possible for VHTR to come true .
Chernobyl accident happened on April 26 , 1986 .
The accident causes total 56 fatalities as of 2004 , and some seven million Chernobyl victims suffering from the impact of Chernobyl accident ( World Nuclear Association , 2009 ) .
Design is a human activity , and human may make mistakes .
In The Truth about Chernobyl , the author , Medvedev ( 1991 ) , notes that one of the reasons which cause Chernobyl accident is the inadequate operators with insufficient knowledge operated the reactor inappropriately .
In the design process , designers should consider the user of devices , components or systems under development , which includes people who maintain and repair the product as well as who operate it ( Ertas & Jones , 1996 ) .
The designers was aware of the defects of the reactors , however , they did not make efforts to correct them .
If the designers know the severe consequence of the accident , they would try their best to prevent it .
In conclusion , Chernobyl is a result of flawed design of reactor and inappropriate operation by inadequate operators .
Nowadays , developed countries and developing countries have invested huge fund to develop nuclear power as nuclear energy is deemed to be potential energy source for the future ( Butler , 2004 ) .
It will help reduce carbon dioxide and subsequently reduce the effect of global warming ( Jacques & Ralph , 2008 ) .
" The statistics has shown that the success of development of Generation IV reactors will bring a great improvement of living environment for human beings in the future .
In the long term , fund should be given to support the development of Generation IV reactors at current stage .
The success seems to be too far for the public to feel .
Scientists and researchers should be given financial support to overcome difficulties they face during researches rather than give up half way .
Safety issue is one of the most priorities by Generation IV International Forum ( GIF ) .
Safety issue will be handled with extreme care by all GIF member counties .
Even though the fund is limited and by allocating funds for Generation IV reactors , we have to forgo other possible benefits such as spending the same amount of money to solve poverty or terrorism , I support to explore new and advanced technology , Generation IV reactors , to solve environmental and energy problems .
Current reactors in used around the world are considered 2nd or 3rd generation systems , with the 1st generation systems having been retired long time ago .
TheSupercritical water reactor ( SCWR ) is one of the generation IV reactors ; the concept is that uses { supercritical water } [ HYPERLINK : http : //en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Supercritical_fluid ] as the working fluid .
Supercritical water-cooled reactors ( SCWRS ) are the most advanced nuclear systems ; it can generate high thermal efficiency .
( Nuclear power plants , 2009 ) .The proliferation of the new nuclear technology is causing considerable controversy and concern ; opponents say that nuclear reactor may be serious threat to the world populace as well as the environment .
However , there are two sides to the coin , in my point of view , the generation IV Supercritical water-cooled reactor is worth building in the near future by analyse the pros and cons .
Opponents are apprehensive about the hazards of nuclear reactor .
There are few nuclear reactors have been built in the past decades in many countries .
They cite examples of the nuclear devastations in Chernobyl and Japan atomic bomb at Hiroshima and Nagasaki in 1945 .
( The Bombing of Hiroshima and Nagasaki , 2008 ) .These areas are still adversely affected by radioactive contamination after decades , which is fatal to all flora and fauna .
The meltdowns at Three Mile Island ( TMI ) in Pennsylvania and Chernobyl accident in 1986 both are caused by design errors ; it did not really the nuclear reactors ' fault .
( Backgrounder on the Three Mile Island , 2009 ) If the governments give up to develop the nuclear technology due to these accidents from human error , that is not a valid reason .
Everything has its disadvantages side , even for the new alternative energy , such as wind power , hydro power , and tidal power , they have their own drawbacks , no one is perfect in the world , the hazards could avoid if operate them in a proper way , so in my opinion , theSupercritical water reactor ( SCWR ) can does further research and develop .
Further more , opponents reckon that countries that embarked upon constructive use of nuclear technology tend to also develop nuclear weapons , therefore , opponents fear that nations like Iran and North Korea will also procure weapons of mass destruction ( WMD ) .
For instance , North Korea performed their missile test few months ago to threat South Korea and other countries .
However , that is the bad way using of nuclear technology , the nuclear reactor can be used to develop cutting-edge medical technology , for instance , in cancer treatment , gamma camera , radiation therapy and so on .
TheSupercritical water reactor ( SCWR ) can does further research and develop and funding for it .
Finally , opponents also claim that nuclear reactor should not been built due to its high cost .
If the government spend so much money on building the nuclear plant , it will cut costs on education and health , and even raise taxes .
But they ignore the enormous benefits of nuclear power There is one proverb saying that " No pain , no gain .
" In the near future , it is viewed that the world 's energy consumption will be heavily relying on nuclear power .
The SCWR design is quite simpler than current designs , the nuclear reaction release a lot of heat can used to convert of water into steam .
To be environmental friendly , build theSupercritical water reactor ( SCWR ) may be costly in the short term , but will procure significant benefits in the long run .
The government can not stop theSupercritical water reactor ( SCWR ) does further research and develop .
People have always concerned about the development of nuclear energy .
Therefore , the use of VHTR is safe and we can believe in the further development of such GenIV nuclear reactor concept .
Secondly , global warming is what we concerned about .
In addition , these sources of power are being used up and we should find the alternative sources of power .
However , there are lots of positive features that we can count on such concept .
After all , the energy power concept like VHTR helps prevent the effects of global warming .
It is safe and efficient , so therefore can produce a lot of energy and be able to replace traditional sources of energy .
Hence , only a few countries have built nuclear reactor to produce electricity .
But now , scientists have developed six new type of nuclear reactor called Nuclear Reactor Generation IV which are said to be safer than previous generations .
Although GFR produces fuel waste that contains plutonium , it reprocesses its fuel waste such that the amount of waste produced can be cut by about 96 percent of its usual amount ( " Fuel Cycles " , page 33 , table 4.3 ) .
For comparison , VHTR can not reprocess their fuel waste , and because of that , the amount of fuel waste that it produces is getting bigger and bigger as the electricity 's demand increasing ( Rohrer , 2007 ) .
Different from VHTR which can work on 1000 degrees Celsius , GFR can work only on 850 degrees Celsius .
They say it makes the energy GFR produces less than VHTR .
One more important information that there is no need for GFR to be manually moderated because GFR has already used Thorium which can absorb fast neutrons and decay into Uranium-233 ( " Gas-cooled Fast Reactor " ) .
This makes GFR is cheaper to maintain and safer than VHTR which is needed to be checked every time in order to make it operate safely .
It is also more efficient than other reactors , because it can produce the same energy as VHTR with just 850 degrees for temperature .
Since then , Nuclear power was often seen as the best alternative energy source as it has no carbon emission and can theoretically produce unlimited amounts of energy since nuclear fuel is inexpensive and abundant on earth .
This stigma against nuclear power has led to people such as the general public and environmentalists to favor other alternative energies namely wind energy and solar energy , as they are deemed as better choices .
However , many of these arguments are based on the short run expenditure that one would face when building a nuclear power plant .
In the long run , after considering the higher capital cost , financing costs and operating costs of a nuclear reactor , a nuclear reactor would still produce much cheaper electricity when compared with other alternative energy source such as wind energy .
This is because the Chernobyl accident caused many direct fatalities in the explosion and future fatalities due to the effects of nuclear radiations .
Besides reactor accidents , nuclear reactors may also be easy targets for terrorism as many nuclear reactors appear to be vulnerable to any forms of terrorist attacks .
In addition , nuclear wastes are dangerous as well as they contains high levels of radiation and can be used for weapons of mass destruction as tons of plutonium nuclear waste are produced by nuclear reactors each year and are often recycled to make nuclear weapons .
On the other hand , since the Chernobyl accident that happened 23 years ago , there has not been any other major nuclear power plants accident .
Moreover , Generation IV nuclear reactions , such as the sodium-cooled fast reactors , excels in many safety aspects such as having the ability to withstand up to a magnitude of 8.2 on the Richter scale and to shut down safely if any accidents were to happen ( Nuclear Power Plants , 2009 ) .
These new reactors are also more reliable and resistant against proliferation , and are able to use its fuel more efficiently , thus producing less plutonium waste ( Generation IV , 2009 ) .
With the technological advancement in nuclear power in mind , nuclear accidents and disasters would be a thing in the past as nuclear power plants will become safer in its operations .
Environmentalists would often suggest the use of alternative energy such as wind , hydroelectric , thermal and solar energies as these energies are known to have little emissions of any forms of pollutants .
These environmentalists would thus believe that nuclear power 's benefits to the environment are insignificant ( Nuclear power undermining , 2008 ) .On the contrary , these beliefs is often bias against nuclear power .
In conclusion , more research and development of Generation IV nuclear power plant should be done as the many benefits of nuclear power have clearly outweigh the disadvantages in many important factors such as cost efficiency , safety issues and environmental friendliness .
Generation IV nuclear reactor will allow mankind to fully realize the potential of nuclear power , thus encourage further development on nuclear technology .
As a result of fewer fossil fuel supplies left to be extracted , oil companies will either search for smaller oil fields that will inevitably increase the cost of production of oil or look for unconventional sources of oil such as tar sands that will increase the level of carbon dioxide emission and pollution ( World Oil , National Geographic , June 2008 ) .The increasing demand for oil and the raising level of carbon dioxide emission , which contributes to global warming , has prompted the energy market to search for alternatives energy sources .
The public is very concern about the safety of nuclear power plants , the storage of radioactive waste and the cost they have to pay for nuclear power .
In contrast to the public opinion on the adverse effect on building a nuclear power plant , the latest generation IV reactor , Very-High-temperature reactor ( VHTR ) , is designed to overcome these problems faced by the public .
The public is very concern about the safety of nuclear power plants and fears that any factors that trigger the explosion of a nuclear reactor will have devastating impact on the people living in the region .
Ever since the partial reactor meltdown at Three Mile Island in 1979 and the Chernobyl nuclear accident in 1986 , the public feared that any similar incidents will have grave consequences to the people living around the nuclear power plant .
All these measures are implemented to meet the safety expectation of the operation of nuclear power plant .
Any successful terror attacks on these nuclear plants will have disastrous health and psychological impact on the surviving victims .
These measures comprise regular 'force-on-force ' exercises to test the plant 's ability to react to attacks made on the plant , vehicles inspection at greater safety distance away from the plant , improve communication among different government organizations and stricter control to access of restricted sites ( Source : NRC , February 2005 ) .
Other measures includes bullet-proof barriers in important areas , intruding detecting devices , detection zones that are illuminated , well equipped and trained security personals on duty daily and protection against intrusion of network by outsiders ( Nuclear Energy Institute ( NEI ) , July 2009 ) .
The purpose of these stepped up security measures are to deter any potential terrorist attacks on the nuclear power plants and to have contingency plan in the event of any attacks .
Another reason that the public and environmentalist oppose to the building of nuclear power plants is that the radioactive waste produced by nuclear power plants will remain radioactive for hundred over years .
When the radioactive waste is not properly stored in location that are of safe distance away from people , the people may be exposed to harmful radiation resulting in serious health effects .
The public does not need to worry about the large amount of radioactive waste produced by the VHTR because the VTHR spent fuel is contained in repository that is very resistant to leaching of radioactive materials .
The public is worried that nuclear power tend to have higher operating and maintenance costs which will result in them paying a higher price than that of coal and gas power plant .
According to World Nuclear Association , the price of nuclear power is actually competitive with other types of power plants .
For instance in 2007 , the cost of electricity generated by nuclear plant is about 2.87cents per kilo-watt hour in comparison with 17.8cents per kilo-watt hour in the case of oil power plant in the United States .
The cost of nuclear fuel is as low as 0.5 cents per kilo-watt hour which is one quarter of that of gas power plant .
As compared to conventional nuclear power plant , there is greater efficiency in generating electricity because VHTR can produce fifty percent more electricity output using the same amount of fuel ( The Economics of Nuclear Power by World Nuclear Association , July 2009 ) .
The process heat can be provided by VHTR to support other industrial activities such as refining , manufacturing of fertilizers and plastics .
Therefore , the high operation cost of VTHR can be offset by extra revenue earn from these services ( Idaho National Laboratory , 2009 ) .
As the future of oil prices continue to rise due to the scarcity of supply and increase in demand by emerging economies , this will inevitably led to a more competitive price of nuclear power .
However with the designing of generation IV reactors such as VHTR , the problems of radioactive waste disposal and the high cost of electricity generated by nuclear power plant will be solved .
Moreover , there are many safety measures implemented to minimized potential dangers of operating VHTR .
With the increase in global population the demand for energy is increasing .
According to International Energy Agency ( January 2009 ) worldwide energy consumption on average will increase 2 % per annum and will double by the next 35 years .
With the fuel prices soaring up , fossil fuel reserves dwindling and increased pressure to tackle climate change and global warming nuclear energy is back in the agenda of many countries .
In 2001 , amidst increasing debates about nuclear energy , the ten founding nations of Generation IV International Forum also known as GIF decided to work together , collaborating their research activities in the field of nuclear energy ( Butler D , 2004 ) .
These collaborative efforts resulted in building up six possible nuclear reactor concepts known as the generation IV reactors , however these concepts at that time were still untested and would require years of further extensive research before they can be used in the industry .
Although six possible concepts were developed I personally believe that molten salt fast reactor concept is the best solution amongst the six .
Nuclear energy is produced by splitting the nuclei of uranium atoms which in turn produce large amount of energy that is used to drive turbines which produce electricity .
This procedure is extremely efficient so much so that one pound of uranium produces 20,000 times more energy compared to a one pound coal .
However , according World energy council there are only 442 nuclear reactors to date and currently they provide only 11 % to 18 % ( March , 2008 ) of the world electricity requirements .
After the Chernobyl accident in 1986 and three miles accident in 1979 ( Think quest , May 2007 ) many people fear the word " nuclear energy " , but if we consider the number of accidents since the commencement of operations of the world 's first nuclear power plant in the year 1954 ( Think quest , May 2007 ) , it 's only a handful .
Also , the technology used in production of nuclear energy has significantly improved in past few decades and safety factors are analyzed thoroughly when a nuclear plant is designed following the three miles island and Chernobyl accidents .
We should also not forget that accidents do happen in other energy related industries for example statistics show that there is one accident taking place in a coal mines somewhere around the world every week ( Mining Industry Today , august 2008 ) .
In contrast to other such accidents difference is that accidents related to nuclear accidents are given more media coverage sparking public disapproval .
The primary cause of many nuclear accidents is that overheating of water which is used as the coolant in nuclear fission reactions .
As a result of such overheating under high pressure immense amount of steam is produced if uncontrolled this causes the system to explode .
However , in molten salt reactors also known as MSR s fluoride salts are used instead of water as the coolant .
Fluoride salts has boiling temperatures over 1300o Celsius which is about 13 times higher comparative to boiling temperature of water and they are not flammable ( Forsberg CW , 2007 ) .
This further increases the probability of possible accidents , however MSR s operate at much lower pressure levels and with Min a relatively low temperature range of 750 o C to 800 o C. ( World nuclear Association , August 2009 ) .
Thus these enhanced features of MSRs further reduce any possibility of any nuclear reactor based accidents .
One such example is the mixed oxide fuel process ( commonly known as MOX ) used in France where Plutonium is converted to a form stored under very high temperature so that they can not be used to produce nuclear weaponry Moreover more than 90 % of the energy in spent fuel can be reprocessed and reused leaving only about 3 to 4 percent as net waste ( Ling K , The New York Times , May 2009 ) .
Furthermore , MSR S being closed fuel cycle nuclear reactors ( World nuclear Association , August 2009 ) reprocessing takes place minimizing nuclear waste .
In addition nuclear waste produced by MSR s is not soluble in water thus reducing chances possible contamination .
Thus , through advance research cost of nuclear waste management can be reduced and the MSR technology can be enhanced to further minimize the harmful effects and to avoid nuclear waste proliferation .
Another challenge faced by nuclear energy industry against other alternatives of energy is that building of nuclear power plants is very costly and time consuming .
Most nuclear reactors involve the use of fast breeder technique but the MSR s use a technology known as slow breeder or thorium fuel cycle breeder which has been proven to be less expensive ( Forsberg CW , 2007 ) .
Besides , the operation costs involved in maintaining high temperature and pressure with in nuclear reactors during nuclear fission is notably low in MSRs since they operate at much lower temperature and pressure .
Also the concepts behind the MSR s are not completely new , several have been already constructed with simple validated designs , thus this will reduce the time required in designing larger nuclear reactors ( Forsberg CW , 2007 ) .
Another important advantage of MSR s is that they can be built in small scale first and can then be expanded gradually , so the plants could be easily built with several small reactors and from the income they can carry out expansions ( Forsberg CW , 2007 ) .
This further reduces cost and additional financial burdens arising from interest expenses .
Therefore , MSR s are highly cost effective and efficient .
Compared to hydro or solar power nuclear energy does not change the ecology of a certain environment .
Unlike wind turbines nuclear energy does not require specific environmental conditions and compared to fossil fuels they do not produce green house gases However , future of nuclear energy depends on further research where these generation IV reactors have to tested , constructed and operated in such a way that they can provide competitive prices while maximizing the usage of natural resource and enhancing nuclear safety .
They also need to address the fears of the public so that people are more aware of the advantages of nuclear energy
In conclusion all earlier mentioned objectives can not be achieved without necessary funding .
In an era , where global warming is a burning issue , when the effects of extreme climate change are already evident , nuclear energy may be the ultimate solution to greener energy alternative , thus it is indeed time for us to move forward challenge our fears and support funding for research based on nuclear reactors .
Nuclear power , an evolutionary discovery that is capable of replacing conventional thermal power stations for decades or even centuries .
Nuclear power makes use of a common element on Earth , which is Uranium .
The atoms of the Uranium are shot against each other , which processes an incredible amount of gamma radiation and heat .
Nuclear power plants have been around for decades and according to Brain and Lamb ( 2007 ) , 430 operating nuclear plants are providing power to the world as of July 2008 .
Nuclear plants have come a long way since the early days and the world have witnessed two major accidents , the Chernobyl and Three Mile Island Incident .
According to Butler ( 2004 ) , Generation IV nuclear reactors comprises of six different types of reactors , Gas-cooled fast reactors , Lead-cooled fast reactors , Sodium-cool fast reactors , Supercritical-water-cooled reactors , Very-high-temperature reactors and lastly Molten salt reactors which will be discussed in this article .
Generation IV nuclear reactors including the Molten salt reactors are designed to be safer and preventing similar incidents as the Chernobyl and Three Mile Island from happening again .
Molten-Salt-Reactor technology as one of the six Generation IV nuclear reactors are designed with these factors in mind , safe , environmentally friendly and low cost electricity , however with all the different concerns involved , this might not be the case .
In addition , MSR uses liquid fuel as compared to the other reactors that use solid fuel .
MSRs are high temperature reactors , depending on the choice of salt , it could range from 320 to 500 degrees Celsius .
In addition , the close helium or nitrogen Brayton power cycles were adopted thus allowing the high temperature generated by the MSR to be efficiently used .
The MSR handles the situation by having excellent safety measures to handle emergencies .
When the situation calls for , there is a drainage system to cool the critical safe dump tanks using the liquid fuel .
Firstly , despite the safety of Generation IV nuclear reactor , MSR , one can never forget the devastating Chernobyl incident in April 1986 .
Approximately 200,000 people were involved in the clean up from the accident and these people were exposed to the high radiation .
More people were then evacuated from their homes as the radiation spreads widely and rapidly .
Currently there are people around the world that are still suffering from the after effects of the accident , living in pain where some develop cancer from the exposure to radiation .
Even with the new safety pre-cautions which promise excellent safety measures and technology , no one can guarantee that such accidents would not cause more people to suffer .
For example , the Titanic , she was the largest ship built then , and was equipped with the most advanced technology and safety measures then .
However a collision with an iceberg during her virgin voyage sends the enormous ship deep down onto the sea bed .
Secondly , nuclear plants are said to be environmentally friendly , due to the fact that they do not produce Carbon Dioxide .
As a result it reduces greenhouse effect .
On the other hand , the wastes produced by the nuclear plants are highly radioactive and can not be easily disposed .
During transportation , there might be leakage from the containers , and the effects of burying the waste underground is yet to be confirmed till years to come .
In addition , these wastes disposal process might become an open target to terrorists who are constantly keen on destruction .
Lastly , nuclear power might be more cost effective as compared to the conventional thermal power stations , however the cost of constructing the plant is significantly higher , as well as the operational and waste disposal costs .
The construction cost involves the research on the material so as to contain the radiation in the event of a nuclear meltdown .
Labor costs include the labor from varies department in the nuclear plant .
These include maintenances , health , engineering and head-quarters .
Thirdly , engineering consists of electrical , chemical , computer , radiology , nuclear and mechanical .
Lastly , head-quarters consist of mainly administrative personnel .
Waste disposal cost of a nuclear power plant is higher than a conventional thermal station .
The cost involves transportation of the waste to the various storage pond and dumping grounds , and the running costs of these sites .
In conclusion , Generation IV MSR does provide the energy hungry cities with the amount of electricity needed and it reduces greenhouse effect due to the zero carbon dioxide emission , and lastly it is much safer than the previous Generation plants with the enhanced meltdown technology .
On the other hand , the danger of nuclear radiation , fear of terrorism and the high initial and running cost of a Generation IV nuclear plant , makes us consider if there are any other alternatives .
Nuclear power is not a new concept to the world .
This is due to nuclear power 's close relation with nuclear weapon and the public 's concerns on the safety of nuclear reactors .
Frankly speaking , nuclear reactors and nuclear weapons share a same basic theoretic foundation-the chain reaction of uranium .
Since nuclear power does not generate carbon dioxide , it was once regarded as the best replacement of fossil fuels .
But after the terrible partial reactor meltdown in 1979 at Three Mile Island and the 1986 accident at Chernobyl , the nuclear power gradually goes out of the public 's sight .
The new generation reactors , namely generation IV reactors , have tremendous innovations in improving reactors ' efficiency and safety .
This by-product of nuclear power is also a kind of clean energy in place of oil the third advantage VHTR has is the practical experience .
In spite of so many advantages VHTR has got , it still faces some technical challenges .
One of most essential ones is the high cost of a reactor , which will deeply affect the development of the whole nuclear industry .
Based on a report from U.S. Department of Energy , even a prototype , which is just a sample run of the practical reactor , will require $ 1.25 billion to build ( Korman , 2008 ) .
The high temperature and pressure , which gives birth to the advantage of producing hydrogen , on the other hand , means a high risk of accident .
In terms of high cost of a reactor , significant cost deduction can be achieved by design improvement , standardisation , better construction methods , reduced construction time and improving project management in building a reactor ( OECD , 2005 ) .
Meanwhile the high efficiency of fuel utilization in VHTR makes reactors use less fuels which in turn lower the cost of fuels ( OECD , 2005 ) .
For finding suitable materials , although the perfect solution has not been found yet , engineers do have some suggested materials that have promising potential to develop , such as silicon carbide , specific grades of graphite and high chromium steels ( Murty & Charit , 2008 ) .
Lastly , the design of VHTR enhances safety features and excludes sophisticated backup systems or experienced operators so as to minimise the human intervention .
Rising sea level , increasing in natural disasters , proliferating pandemic , which are the by-products of the industry development , along with the depletion of fossil fuel are demanding a new source of energy .
To me , these thoughts on safety - daily danger , accidents and waste , cost and security can be completely expunged from our minds with the new reactor technology , specifically the lead-cooled fast reactor .
Economically , the price of electricity generated from radioactive fuel would be much lower than that generated from fossil fuel due to the enormous energy churning out from fission reaction .
In addition , as the new nuclear reactor works at high temperature , scientists can utilize it to produce hydrogen from thermochemical reaction of water , which is the material for other industry .
About the negative effects , the first argument of the opponents concerns the impact of radiation on humans due to the routine operation of nuclear plant .
However , according to the Journal of the American Medical Association published by the National Cancer Institute , a major survey showed that there was no rising cancer rate in 107 US counties near 62 nuclear plants .
In fact , the amount of radiation that people living in the neighborhood of a nuclear plant expose to is really miniscule in comparison with that from natural sources .
According to the Atomic Energy Commission , the power plants using coal produced ash that contained 5.2 tons of uranium and 12.8 tons of thorium per year .
Regarding the nuclear accidents , it is the modern reactor generation that is invulnerable to the meltdown incident .
Granted , we can not deny the impact of them , such as Chernobyl and Three Mile Island accidents , the new technology can eliminate the possibility of these accidents .
It has double-walled contained and a lot of core-cooling emergency systems .
Moreover , since the accidents are mainly brought about by the leaking of cooling tube , lead is chosen to reduce this possibility .
Lead is an inert substance preventing the corrosion .
Besides , the effects of accidents in coal and oil industries are noticeable , such as oil spills , mining accidents , let alone the environmental effects by the toxic fumes they produce .
As far as the radioactive waste is concerned , lead-cooled fast reactor is designed best to cut back on the amount of high level waste .
It has a closed cycle and high operating temperature in order to increase the efficiency and lowering the radioactive waste .
Furthermore , the high level waste is turned into rock-like form before embedded into the deep rock layer whose lifetime is about one billion years .
On the other hand , the emissions of coal and oil industries are still lingering in our atmosphere , which deteriorates the rate of respiratory disease .
Therefore , in terms of safety , the new lead-cooled fast reactor can really outweigh its counterparts , coal and oil plants .
Another rationale behind the protests against nuclear plants is that it takes a huge capital investment to build up a nuclear plant ( from $ 3 to $ 5 billion dollars ) ( Nuclear Energy Information Service , 2004 ) , to research the new reactors ( approximate 1 billion US dollars for each prototype of generation IV reactors ) ( Nature publishing group , 2004 ) .
In the viewpoint of the detractors , to gain such a sum , the government has to cut off their expenditure on necessary investment on education , health issue , etc , and raise taxes .
In my opinion , it is essential to invest in the new nuclear power plant .
First , if the government fosters the research and development in nuclear industry , the cost for building and maintaining the new nuclear power plant will be reduced to an affordable extent .
Second , the expenditure can be compensated by the profit since the nuclear plant is competitive in comparison with coal and oil industry in terms of productivity and environment .
Third , the fossil resources are shrinking rapidly , so the cost for coal and oil would increase sharply in the future .
Last , if the country continues running the energy without reducing the burning of oil and coal , the health and social services expense will rise up .
Anyway , the government has to increase their expenditure .
For the lead-cooled fast reactor , it has new features to increase the longevity of core life , and the scientists came with the idea of creating the medium size reactor to reduce the cost .
They believe that the development of nuclear states might create opportunities to produce nuclear weapons from the plutonium reprocessing and uranium enriching .
Terrorists can also have the chance to magnify the destruction by attack the nuclear plant and the freighters that convey radioactive substance .
However , the new lead-cooled fast reactor , as I have mentioned , has many emergency systems that make the reactor " meltdown proof " even in case of human interference .
In other words , it reduces the amount of foreign energy import , so it can soothes the simmer atmosphere in disputes over energy , especially oil .
In conclusion , the new generation IV nuclear reactor , in particular the lead-cooled fast reactor , is an optimal choice for future energy in three fronts : safety , cost and security though there are still many challenges lying ahead .
Thus , the government should invest more in the nuclear power development to make these reactors construction a feasible feat .
For the past few decades , the engineering field has developed drastically to a new degree of level .
At the same time , the peril and hazard of the engineering installations and systems rise with respond to complexity .
The result was a series of engineering accidentsThree Mile Island , Chernobyl , the Challenger accidents and more .
Interestingly , the analysis reports of those accidents invariably described human factors as the major cause of those accidents .
Supporters claim that psychology can help to reduce the probability of accidents and they emphasize on the value of human lives .
Opponents , mainly formed by engineers and operators , take more consideration about costs and somehow ignore the safety measure as it is reasonable for suppliers to produce at minimum cost .
Although engineers and operators tend to oppose the using of psychology in engineering design process , research results have shown the importance of psychology in preventing accidents by using their professional knowledge .
One of the most famous accidentsthe Chernobyl accident that occurred on 26 April 1986 in the Soviet Ukraine is a typical type of engineering accident .
Frot ( 2000 ) 's studies showed two main causes of the explosion of the Chernobyl reactors : design errors and faults of management and errors committed by the operating staff .
While psychology is described as a necessity in improving the safety measure during a design process , opponents are still sceptical about the validity and reliability of psychology research .
Karanian ( 1988 ) research showed how the engineers think : " The content is considered repetitive and filled with slanted views and reflective of self-interest and personal bias " .
However , their disbelief is mainly due to their lack of knowing about the studies of psychology .
According to International Ergonomics Association ( 2000 ) , engineering psychology is defined as " the scientific discipline concerned with the understanding of interactions among humans and other elements of a system , and the profession that applies theory , principles , data and methods to design in order to optimize human well-being and overall system performance " .
It is not merely the reflective of human thinking into solving human errors but it applies sophisticated theory and principles into it .
For example , one famous psychology law Hick 's Law describes the amount of time that a person takes to make a decision , given several possible choices he or she has .
It can be seen that psychology is a professional field that has been accepted by the society and the theories and principles are useful in analysing the latent designing errors .
Still , opponents argue that accidents are unpredictable as there are too many possibilities of causes .
However , research showed that causes are basically formed by human errors .
In Chernobyl accident , six human errors were identified ( Frot , 2000 ) .
During a design process , designers do not focus on human response to the design and there is frequent mismatch between the operators and the designed machines ( Wilpert , 2007 ) .
However , psychology takes consideration into human behaviours while using the machines and they look into questions like " Are the machines too complex for the operators to deal with ?
A single error will usually not produce an accident but it arose from a number of failures ( Noyes , 1997 ) .
For Chernobyl accident , there are five major design errors ( Frot , 2000 ) .
Psychology is useful in foreseeing latent errors and thus it is easier to come out with solution that will reduce the probability of accident .
It can be done by designing a less complex device , give more useful information and practice for operators in charge , design better backup systems and so on .
With the aid of psychology which focuses on safety measure , accidents are more likely to be avoided .
In brief , while engineering has become a much sophisticated field , safety measure has become more and more important at the same time .
Human errors are unavoidable , but psychology is meant to reduce the effect caused by human errors to the minimum point .
In the current world , Nuclear Technology has evolved significantly and researchers have come out with many prototypes and systems which can benefit the world .
The latest systems are the Generation IV nuclear systems which were introduced since 2002 .
Now , the 6 nuclear energy systems are technologies which include advantages like reduced capital cost , enhanced nuclear safety , minimal generation of nuclear waste , and further reduction of the risk of weapons materials proliferation .
Gen IV systems are designed to be highly sustainable because the energy they produced meets the aim of clean air , free of pollution and in the long term , they are beneficial to the environment .
( Bouchard,J ) Each system has its own advantages in terms of performance , cost and security ( Generation IV International Forum GIF and U.S. Nuclear Energy Research Advisory Committee NERAC )
It operate at 400 ~ 500 during its operation .
We measure performance by what is the output that the system can produce and the amount of power it can generate .
Since lead-cooled fast reactor is not a large scale reactor , its output is not as much if we compare to reactors like Very High Temperature Reactor ( VHTR ) .
The VHTR is a helium cooled , graphite-moderated , thermal neutron spectrum reactor with a coolant outlet temperature of 1000 ° C or above .
VHTR outperforms the other reactors because of its potential to produce hydrogen .
From this , we can see that VHTR greatly outperform LFR .
In 26 April 1986 at the Chernobyl Nuclear Power Plant in Ukraine , there was a nuclear reactor accident which resulted in the deaths of many due to radiation poisoning .
To prevent such accidents from happening again , much emphasis has been put into the safety aspect when nuclear reactors are being designed .
The publication by MPR further added that these features of VHTR replaces the current safety systems in current reactors .
This removes any possible corrosions or irradiation which could occur with the component materials .
In addition , helium does not go through any phase change at or over reactor operating temperature ; this will improve the safety because the design and operation is being simplified .
Due to the extremely hard reprocessing of its fuel , it deters any means to misusing them it since the process is very complicated .
Although this feature does not really decrease the chance of reprocessing to zero , it does complicate the means to try to reprocess them .
( Chapin et al,2004 )
On the other hand , lead cooled fast reactors ( LFRs ) has various safety issues which are of concern when it comes to building a safe reactor .
( Generation IV International Forum GIF and U.S. Nuclear Energy Research Advisory Committee NERAC ) This will pose as a threat for the workers at the reactors due to the corrosion of the materials .
As compared to VHTRs , because the Gen IV 's VHTR systems are built on the older generation of high temperature reactors , therefore many of the safety systems which already existed in the old reactors , are further being enhanced , therefore in this way , the safety systems in VHTR does exceed the ones in LFRs .
For the generation IV nuclear reactor systems , the cost of the individual reactors varies and some is far greater costly than the other .
The estimated cost of building a 100MWE prototype of Lead cooled fast reactor in the U.S. is between $ 400- $ 700 million .
) As compared with this , the cost building a VHTR reactor is much higher , which has an estimated cost of about $ 1.1 billion .
( Butler , D.2004,May 20 ) .
This is partially due to the reason that VHTR 's coolant , helium gas is much most costly than LFRs ' coolant , and because of the strong structure that VHTR consists , it cost more to build .
In conclusion , both Very high temperature and Lead cooled fast reactors have good performance and excellent safety system , but VHTRs is on a higher end as compared to LFRs due to the greater system performance and system safety it provides .
Hence VHTRs are , to an extent , better than LFRs .
This kind of energy producing method did make a big contribution to the industrialization of the world , but it also did a lot of harm to the natural environment .
However , there is no doubt that the energy demand will continue increasing , since human beings can not slow down the pace of technology development .
In this case , we have to consider more about new energy .
The recent research and development of generation IV nuclear reactor makes the large scaled use of nuclear energy more reliable and feasible , because of its sustainability , reliability , economics and proliferation resistance .
Some may say that nuclear plant is dangerous , after seeing those nuclear accidents in the last few decades .
However , the generation IV reactors are quite different from the previous ones .
Here , we are going to discuss two of the generation IV reactors , Gas-cooled Fast Reactor ( GFR ) , which features a fast-neutron-spectrum , helium-cooled reactor and closed fuel cycle , and Supercritical Water Cooled Reactor ( SWCR ) , which is a high-temperature , high-pressure water-cooled reactor that operates above the thermodynamic critical point of water .
I think that GFR does a better job than SWCR , respectively in the aspect of efficiency , cost and security .
Yes , they are right , but they are just comparing SWCR with the generation III reactors , not GFR reactor .
According to the statistics data given by Idaho National Laboratory , the thermal efficiency of SWCR is 43.8 % , which is lower than that of GFR , 48 % .
What is more , GFR also get Hydrogen production .
The only production of combusting hydrogen is water and burning same amount of hydrogen or other fuels , we get much more energy from hydrogen .
After referring to most of the budget reports , which says that building a GFR plant will cost 1 billion while a SWCR plant only takes half a billion , many people believe that GFR is much more expensive than SWCR .
Anyway , it is true , but please be noted that most of the budget reports are not able to take all the expenditure into consideration , which of course is not convincible .
Although GFR costs more than SWCR according to the budget report , the life of GFR is also longer .
In another word , GFR plant can work a few decades longer than SWCR .
Another factor is that SWCR only can react under the very high pressure .
We all know that the higher pressure it is the higher risk the reactor will break down .
So the maintenance cost also should be taken into account .
Moreover , GFR has an effective fission of Pu and minor actinides , ability to operate on wide range of fuel composition and capacity for breeding excess fissile material ( Frank Carre , 2002 ) .
Last but not the least , is the security .
Many people 's main scare of nuclear comes from the several nuclear accidents in the last few decades , such as the Three Mail Island one in 1979 and the Chernobyl one in 1986 .
So now , people concern most about the security of any kinds of nuclear plants .
Some think that SWCR is safer than GFR because once accident happen , the pressure of SWCR will decrease immediately , and then the plant will shut down automatically .
Actually , it is not true because safety issue is not only about pressure inside .
Second , the coolant of GFR is helium , a kind of inert gas , very hard to react with other reagent .
In a conclusion , Gas-cooled Fast Reactor is better than Supercritical Water Cooled Reactor , respectively in the field of efficiency , expend and security .
I believe that GFR is one of the most promising generation IV nuclear reactors , and its large scaled application is just around the corner .
The accident caused many deaths and resulted in severe health impacts due to the radiation exposed by the population ( Cleveland , 2009 ) .
On the other hand , the supporters claim that through the use of psychology , the engineers might have anticipated different scenarios that could happen and designed a safer and more stable plant .
In other words , the Chernobyl accident might be prevented and with those better safety measures in place , the effects of the accident would be minimized .
The problem of psychopathology of design is a mismatch of the engineers ' and the operators ' theoretical model which happened in this case .
The use of the occupational psychology might aid the engineers in understanding that the operators might not be equipped with the necessary skills and knowledge to operate the plant .
They might have implemented precautions such that unauthorized personnel could not shut down the emergency safety systems ( World Nuclear Association , 2007 ) .
Otherwise , it would have at least weakened the severity of the consequences .
The Chernobyl reactor was unstable due to the positive void coefficient which made a power exacerbation uncontrollable .
However , this instead posed a challenge to psychology to help modify the plant design by the method of feed-forward safety controls which could be applied in the identification for safer designs phase ( Wilpert , 2007 ) .
The engineers should be aware of the limitations of the reactor and the use of psychology might have led them to use a better reactor or install other measures to counter the weaknesses of the reactor .
Furthermore , when some reactor components failed to work correctly , the operators faced more stress ( Stang , 1996 ) .
Such external conditions were not part of the design process and hence the use of psychology would not be helpful .
However , occupational threats and individual work place misfortunes were the focus of psychology as they were influenced by the individual 's motivation , attitude and decision-making ( Wilpert , 2007 ) .
On the contrary , psychology might help the engineers foreseen possible problems during the operation and more safety precautions might be incorporated .
The use of psychology might have prevented the Chernobyl accident and the effects of the accident would be minimized .
Moreover , nuclear energy is environmental friendly because it has very low emission of green house gases .
However , only " 16 % of the world 's electricity is produced from nuclear energy " CITATION Nuc091 \ l 2052 ( Nuclear Power Reactors , 2009 ) .
One accident of nuclear is the Chernobyl accident in 1986 .
A total of 54 people die in this accident CITATION Che091 \ l 2052 ( Chernobyl Accident , 2009 ) .
Therefore , in recent years , scientists and engineers have developed six Generation VI reactors that are cost effective , safer , and minimize waste CITATION Joz09 \ l 2052 ( Misak , 2009 ) .
This essay will focus on sodium-cooled fast reactors ( SFR ) in comparison with supercritical-water-cooled reactors ( SWCR ) as in three aspects : performance , cost , and safety , and show that the SFR is a better concept than the SWCR .
On performance , proponents of the SWCR claim that the thermal efficiency of this reactor is 44 % , compare to the SFR 's 42 % CITATION Gen08 \ l 2052 ( Generation IV Nuclear Reactor Comparisons , 2008 ) .
However , the difference is not very much and they fail to consider that the SWCR is working in the environment of very high pressure , while SFR is working in low pressure .
On the other hand , the SFR is more sustainable because of its closed fuel cycle and excellent potential of actinide management .
Compare this to the SWCR , in a word , sodium-cooled fast reactors do well in performance .
In terms of cost , proponents of SWCR claim that SWCR has longer history of development while SFR is a newer concept that is just brought up recent years .
People who are against nuclear reactors even claim that the existing method of generate electricity is good enough and new method is not necessary .
However , these shortsighted people fail to realize that shortage of resource is already very serious among global .
Hence , the invention of generation IV reactors can both generate electricity in a more efficient way and more fuel saving way .
For SFR , it saves costs in two main methods : the reactor vessel and fuel .
The usage of advanced materials , the loop type cooling system and innovative design options are all adopted to save the plant capital costs .
For SWCR , it does not recycle the waste ; the nuclear wastes management is also one concern of SWCR in terms of both cost and safety .
The third point to emphasis is that SFR has the earliest delivery year , 10 years earlier than SWCR .
This means the time and money required to do the research for SFR is much less than that of SWCR .
We can conclude that SFR is also cost saving .
Taking safety into account , opponents of nuclear reactors state the past year accident to prove it is not safe .
For this reason , SFR pay special attention to the safety issue .
Its operating temperature is as low as the SWCR 's .
SFR also recycle the radioactive materials thus decrease the risk of leakage of such dangerous materials .
SWCR does not recycle the waste which is not that safe .
Moreover , to protect the workers in the nuclear power station , only low occupational radioactivity dose to workers and with minimal risk and health effects from severe accidents CITATION Mik05 \ l 2052 ( Corradini , 2005 ) .
" Hence , SFR is very safe .
In conclusion , sodium-cooled fast reactor is rated better in performance , cost saving , and safety .
Its research should continue as there is much use in the future .
Generation four nuclear reactor plants went into development in hope of creating a new nuclear reactor plant that can replace the current old generation three reactor plants .
The new nuclear reactor maybe high in cost for research but it has better performance , safety and security factors than the old generator plants .
In this new development , experts have look into 6 new nuclear reactor plant concepts like molten salt reactor ( MSR ) and Very High Temperature Reactor ( VHTR ) .
MSR researchers did intensify research to ensure that it has superior safety standard and fuel cycle qualities than VHTR .
Therefore , the research in MSR cost about $ 1000 million as compared to VHTR 's research which will cost at $ 670 million as quoted from the report on " a technology roadmap for generation IV Nuclear Energy system " .
The latter cost only 20 % lesser than the former and the difference in money spend is used to build a generation 4 reactor 's standards .
From the report , Researchers for MSR distributed a lot of funds in areas like safety , reactor system and fuel cycle as compared to fund distribution in these areas of research in VHTR .
Fuel cycle in MSR needs to have more attention as compared to VHTR is because there is a need to ensure that molten salt which is mixed with the nuclear material will still be functional after many rounds of usage in the system .
The idea of MSR is that it will produce less waste and able to recycle it .
Therefore , the effort put into this area of research is to make MSR a cleaner nuclear reactor plant that does reduce , reuse and recycle its waste .
The molten fluoride salts used in the system helps to lower the vapor pressure , thus , reduce stresses on vessel and piping .
A highly pressurized system is dangerous and need to consistently monitoring to ensure safe operation as stresses acting on the pipes and vessel can cause the system to explode .
When MSR is operating at high temperature of ranging eight hundred degree and above , it can produce another good energy source .
Hydrogen can be use to generate power for machines like hydrogen powered car which is clean for the environment .
The Fuel used in MSR can be recycled as mentioned earlier .
However , in the case of VHTR , the fuel used is a one through fuel cycle and therefore , it requires proper disposal .
Molten Salt reactor as compared to Very High Temperature Reactor , the former is a lot safer in performance and operation .
MSR works based on 3 independent sub stations and is a closed loop that interlink with each other to transfer heat energy to electric energy by turning the turbine generator .
In any case of industrial accident in one of the system , operators can easily isolate that particular system and rectify the problem as quickly as possible without worrying that the problem might spread to other parts of the other two systems .
MSR 's design works on fail-safe drainage , passive cooling , low inventory of volatile fission products in fuel .
As for VHTR , it has only one open loop system to produce the electricity from heat .
On overall , MSR also operate at lower pressure than VHTR as low temperature results in lower pressure .
One of the reasons for development in Generation 4 nuclear reactor plants is due to security reason .
The waste products produced by the current old nuclear plants can not be recycle and need to be disposed at wasteland .
If these wastes landed on the wrong hands like terrorists , the world will be in chaos as we live in fear of nuclear attacks by unknown enemies .
Wastes generated by these nuclear plants also bring problems to our future generations .
As these wastes take very long to degrade , the land that holds them will become a wasteland which is not suitable for agriculture , residential and commercial usages .
Therefore , the Generation 4 nuclear reactor plants like MSR , it recycle its waste products and does not need to dispose them .
However , in VHTR , as mentioned earlier , it produces wastes and researchers are trying to find solution to it .
In conclusion , even though MSR cost more to research than VHTR , its benefits outshine VHTR .
Its performance in low pressure quality can help to reduce stresses on equipment and lesser chances of industrial accident than a high pressure system which induce high stress to the equipments .
It is safer than VHTR as it has better safety standard .
Lastly , in the area of security , MSR will not create chances of producing waste that will land on the wrong hands like the terrorist as compared to VHTR which have to deal with secured and proper waste disposal .
Recent years , we can see that nuclear power is one of the main sources for generating electrical energy .
As of September 2009 , there are 436 nuclear reactors worldwide and another 53 nuclear reactors under construction .
An undeniable fact is that a total of 14 percent of the world 's energy was produced by nuclear reactors in 2008 ( Nuclear Energy Institute , 2009 ) .Another shocking fact is that 76.2 percent of electrical energy is generated by nuclear reactors in France ( Nuclear Energy Institute , 2009 ) .
There were always concerns about the safe operations of nuclear reactors by the public , opponents of the supporters of nuclear reactors claimed that public 's irrational fears towards radiation .
I have chosen the Supercritical water-cooled reactor to support the argument for further research and development funding for the generation IV reactors .
The public often have doubts when it leads to security and safety issues on nuclear reactors .
However , the Supercritical water-cooled reactor is one of the safest reactors comparing to current generation II and III reactors .
If any events that lead to the occurrence of such possibilities , it would probably not reach the nuclear vessel ( Carl & Mark , 2005 ) .
Ever since the Three Miles Island incident , many new safety regulations had been implemented and also in SCWR , emergency plans had been set up to prevent such things from happening again .
Such plans are to assist in protecting people within the 10- mile radius .
Normally , the economics of nuclear reactors are basic construction costs , operating cost , the life-time of the plant and the rate of return on capital ( Solar Energy Systems ) .
Critics often said that the overall cost for using nuclear energy had increased over the years and was relatively high ( Jack & Nicolas , 2008 ) .
In contrast , with the new SCWR , it is possible to decrease its cost since the SCWR is cheaper to build than existing nuclear reactors in the United States which consists of the Pressurized Water Reactors and Boiled Water Reactors .
Performance is measured through the efficiency electricity produced , the production and recycle of waste disposal , the method and characteristics of the nuclear reactor .
Critics often said that nuclear reactors are unsafe , unpractical and low in performance .
The Generation- IV International Forum ( GIF ) has been formed in order to improve the current generation reactors , also improving the performance of the Generation IV reactors .
It should be evident that the arguments against to support further research and development funding for Generation IV reactors is not valid .
Furthermore , the cost of the SCWR is lower compared to existing LWR reactors also plays an important role in further research on Generation IV reactors .
Nonetheless , the formation of the GIF and the performance increase which has proven with SCWR is also another reason for further research and development of the nuclear reactor .
Therefore , the development of the Generation IV reactors will surely benefit mankind and cope with energy demands of the future .
Comparing this with the open human surgeries , patients can only return to their daily activities after 4 to 6 weeks .
However , as surgical robots are still not widely used , there are some constraints in which patients are concerned about having surgical robots .
When it comes to the patients ' safety , some questions such as the reliability of surgical robots are raised by the public .
Every movement of the robot arms is controlled by the surgeon ( Morristown Memorial Hospital , 2009 ) .
Some patients chose robotic surgery is solely because of the shorter recovery time ( U.S. news , 2009 ) .
A research was carried out by Detroit 's Henry Ford Hospital ( 2003 ) states that 100 patients who undergo robotic surgery lost less blood than 100 who had traditional open surgery .
Robotic surgery is useful in some ways such as microscopic precision , saves manpower and ergonomics .
The surgical robot has keyhole technique to reach previously untouchable tissue during surgery as compared to the traditional open surgery ( Bonsor , 2008 ) .
With the robot , surgeons can now seat comfortably controlling the robots , hands positioned in a natural forward position relieving stress as compared to the traditional open surgery ( Morristown Memorial Hospital , 2009 ) .
The government will also subsidize for the cost of the system and also for people who is in need of financial help .
Actual precision such as keyhole techniques can be achieved which produces less scarring and less blood loss .
This will enhance safety for patients .
Although the cost of the surgery is high , given the high quality provided from the robots such as shorter hospital stays , faster recovery and safe operation , surgical robots is therefore encouraged worldwide .
What we are facing for the next few hundreds , or even tens of years is the negative side effect of using fossil fuel global warming , and its running out .
Also , it is cleaner regarding the global warming problem .
On the contrary , there are still some concerns on using nuclear energy : The most important one is about the safety of nuclear power plant its potential radioactive pollution .
Another problem is the performance of nuclear power plant with respect to its cost .
Since it is much more expensive than usually used firepower plant , whether nuclear power plant can provide electricity efficiently with a reasonable cost became a rather essential problem .
Considering the above three concerns : Safety , Cost and Performance , the Generation IV International Forum , formed by ten countries , puts forward six outstanding protocols into Research and Development .
In this essay , I will only compare two of the six reacting systems Sodium-Cooled Fast Reactor ( SFR ) and Very- High-Temperature Reactor ( VHTR ) from aspects of safety , cost and performance to illustrate SFR is more superior to the other .
However , according to the design , SFR is an entirely closed system containing nuclear fuel and Sodium that can only touch with the inner surface of the reactor .
Other from that , a secondary sodium system is designed as a Passive safety confirmation in case of emergency .
Another issue is about the performance , or economic evaluation of these two reactors .
Exactly , because of the temperature factor , the power supplier SFR can not be as efficient as VHTR , which can achieve efficiency higher than 50 % ( " A Technology Roadmap for Generation IV Nuclear Energy Systems " , 2002 ) .
Yet , SFR is still quite efficient and economic-friendly in terms of its recycle of nuclear fuel and flexibility in the plant structure .
Accompany with its effective recovery and recycle of actinides , SFR can achieve converting 99 % of natural uranium energy into electricity .
More specifically , its power supply can range from a few hundred MW ( e ) for Mid-Size plant to 1500- 1700 MW ( e ) for Large Monolithic plant ( " A Technology Roadmap for Generation IV Nuclear Energy Systems " , 2002 ) .
However , VHTR only can be built as Large Monolithic plant .
That means SFR is able to meet requirement of economic factors in different situations better than other reactors .
Hence , the SFR still can meet the performance and economist requirement in the future .
Thirdly , about cost , it is quite clear that SFR is among those low-cost Generation IV nuclear reactors no matter from Research and Development or from plant aspect .
Especially , with only 610M $ , the cost of Research and Development of SFR is exactly the lowest one comparing to the other five protocols ( " A Technology Roadmap for Generation IV Nuclear Energy Systems " , 2002 ) .
Huge amount of nuclear energy will come out during atomic reactions .
Because of its high efficiency and enormous quantity , nuclear power energy has gained its rapid development in these years .
However , many negative aspects of nuclear energy , such as radiation pollution , waste heat , greenhouse gas emission etc , also cause people pay lots of attention to its reliability .
Nowadays people argue about the safety issues and economic cost of nuclear power generation and they doubt about its ability to go against climate change as well , which is asserted by some scientists .
According to the scientific observations for nuclear power generation and the positive effect of nuclear energy , there is no doubt that nuclear power is one of the best ways for energy generation , although there are some negative influences .
One of the most controversial issues is the safety problem of nuclear power plants .
As a common knowledge , everyone knows that nuclear reaction produces a lot of radiation waste which will harm human health .
In the past years , accidents did have happened .
One catastrophic example is the Chernobyl accident happened in 1986 in Russia which caused 28 deaths within 4 months and up to 56 fatalities by 2004 just because of the steam explosion and a slight waste release of the radiation of the reactors core ( Chernobyl Accident , April 2009 ) .
Whereas , scientists found that nuclear power risks are actually tiny and it can also be further reduced through using the updated technological reactors .
Successful facts achieved in western world also indicated that the record of the operational safety for nuclear plants is much better than any other types of power plants ( debate on nuclear power , n.d ) .
Millions and billions dollars will have to spend to build a nuclear power plant .
For example , in May 2008 the congressional budget office reported that the actual cost for the 75 existed nuclear power plants construction in USA is 45.2 billion dollars ; furthermore , it ended up to a cost of 144.6 billion dollars after taken the facilities into account ( { Benjamin K. S. } [ HYPERLINK : http : //scitizen.com/screens/usersPage/userSummary/sw_userDisplay.php ? idUserDisplayed = 899&sign = 08b456d033fcee27acbc8caf208135e8 ] Nov 2008 ) .
But , the abovementioned argument only considered short term effect while they did n't pay attention to the long term impact .
In fact , compare to other forms of electricity generation , nuclear power is ascendant with lower cost .
The results showed that the generation cost is 4.2 c/kWh , which is just the same as coal and eliminated all carbon cost .
The final data suggested that with its 5 % discount rate , nuclear is much cheaper than all the others expect the lowest cost gas with a slight spending on wasting clean ( The Economics of Nuclear Power , July 2009 ) .
Another reason why people argue against nuclear power is that people doubt about its ability to go against the climate change .
People argue that nuclear is not emission free at all .
They argue that if we take emission in relation to plant construction , uranium mining , transportation radiation and the contamination storage into account , in the UK for example , its 23 nuclear reactors can only cut less than 8 % emissions .
However , the European Union stated that more achievement with 20 % reduction can be reach at zero net costs by 2020 ( Velloor R , 2009 ) !
But the truth is nuclear power can do more than that have been mentioned .
Take France as example , its emission of nitrogen oxide and sulphur dioxide have been reduced by 70 % over 20 years .
In India , the government also state that it will sharply reduce the global warming gas to combat climate change ( Velloor R , 2009 ) !
There is no doubt that nuclear power can efficiently go against climate change with low cost .
Generally speaking , nuclear power is getting more and more acceptable .
Some countries which did n't support nuclear power before , like Australia , have started developing their nuclear power generation .
By an earlier survey , more than half of the Australian supports nuclear power now ; even 92 % of them think it is quite important approach to go against climate change ( Australian attitudes to uranium , 2007 ) .
Although , some technological problems still exist , nuclear power energy , as one of the further energy , will surely get more and more popular .
It is in time like this that drives mankind to innovate and churn out alternate solutions , hoping that coupled with existing ones , he can solve or at the very least tackle the problem effectively ; and in this case , an experimented , practical solution would be the further development of nuclear energy .
While there are public concern on the cost , security and safety issues involved , the new generation IV reactors are proposed to address these areas of concern .
One particularly advanced concept is the Very High Temperature Reactor ( VHTR ) , which makes use of helium coolant , which is inert and not reactive , and produces electricity and hydrogen , which is in turn used for the formation of hydrogen cell .
( GEN IV International Forum , 2003 ) These advantages , along with other safety precautions in place , will definitely serve to tackle the energy problem of the world .
Nuclear energy has never been a foreign subject to energy scientist .
Vast amount of resources , manpower and time have been invested in researches involving it .
Nuclear energy is most commonly produced by the fission of uranium , which produces 10 million times the energy produced by the combustion of an atom of carbon from coal .
The amount of money required for research is initially estimated at 6 billion over the next 15 years for the 6 Generation IV reactors , but one must realize that subsequently the cost of maintaining the nuclear plant as well as the raw materials are far cheaper that coal .
The inexpensive fuel cost and the sheer volume of energy produced by the nuclear reactor far outweighs the cost of research and development .
The next key agenda on the minds of public is nonetheless the safety considerations and implications that these nuclear reactors can have .
This not only serve as a reminder for generations but also for scientist to reflect upon and further enhance their research .
In fact , it is because of these very reasons that the Generation IV reactors were proposed ; to further improve on the safety aspect of existing reactors .
Most thoughts were put into the proposal to ensure highest level of safety and security in producing such a powerful reactor .
Security issues tied with nuclear power plant has been a very sensitive topic as political leaders have to account for the internal and international security of their country .
However , the concept of a VHTR , one of the safest reactors proposed , encompassed this consideration and will prove hard to be a security breach due to the high temperature in which the nuclear byproducts are embedded in .
( EU and Energy research , 2007 )
Indeed , nuclear power development carries with them a social stigma ; being dangerous and harmful to the society even in the modern world as mankind are skeptical about its use and benefits , and instead are more wary on the few incidents whereby lives were lost .
Nuclear energy does not produce greenhouse gases or acid rain , and thus government abiding by the Kyoto Protocol will definitely be looking at this to cut down on its greenhouse emission .
I definitely believe that it is too early to simply brush aside the whole concept and classify it as being unsafe .
The devastating damage and long-term , " chronic " consequences of the two nuclear disasters at Hiroshima and Nagasaki are still reminding us about how dangerous this type of weapons is .
Greenpeace and a lot of volunteer groups , organizations around the world are trying their best to ensure that those calamities will never occur again .
Though , the scenario of no fuel resources left and increasing extreme weather caused by global warming nowadays have pushed us to reconsider nuclear power .
Government and scientists support the wide use and development of nuclear power .
Obviously , to lessen the world 's thirst of energy in the long term , and to reduce the growing number of disasters , I am in favor of using nuclear power as a main resource of energy in the future .
First of all , we have to ease the public worry .
Mistakes are impermissible because it would kill several people and totally destroy a huge area .
There are also a lot of nerve-racking matters , particularly the chronic disease cases many years after the disaster .
Discriminations are widespread around the world such as terrorism , racism and religious belief system .
Because of that , any source of nuclear fuel , nuclear waste must be kept away from those bellicose ones .
Typhoon Ketsana , hurricane Katrina , and tsunamis striking the South- and South-East Asia are some apparent consequences of global warming .
Acidification , famines , and disappearance of permafrost , coastal areas and agricultural lands will threat our future offspring .
It not only generate 50 % more electricity more than conventional plants from the same amount of fuel , but can also split hydrogen from water , which is another fuel for the future .
It 's a remarkable benefit of nuclear energy compared to other developing kinds of energy like solar energy and wind power .
Those types just meet the requirements of residential , office and hose needs .
Using nuclear power is a long-term solution to human need of energy .
Secondly , this technology has a long time of development while solar energy and wind power has just been developed recently .
Human do n't need to invest too much on it comparing to other kinds of energy .
Thirdly , nuclear energy frees us from fossil fuels dependence .
That means no monopoly of some oil-rich nations like present .
It will prevent some countries to abuse fuels as a way of achieving political and economic purposes on the forming new world order .
In contrast with fossil fuels , uranium is evenly deposited around the world .
Thus there will be enough fuel for all nations , all regions .
Last of all , more procedures will help decrease the potential danger of nuclear energy .
Thanks to the rapid pace of technology development nowadays , new materials for reactor construction , ways of observing and controlling process , we can be assured that past accident like Chernobyl will never happen again .
On the other hand , without nuclear disasters , no people died due to working inside nuclear power plants .
As global energy demands predicted to soar and soar relentlessly , nuclear energy is a prominent resource .
It will not only mitigate the consequences of global warming , but also help lessen the world 's thirst of fuel in a long period .
We , human beings have to adapt to a new age of nuclear power , have to fully exploit it rather than being uneasy and in doubt of this controversial type of energy .
With increasing concerns over the impacts of global warming and oil prices , fossil fuels alone will not be able to meet the increasing world 's energy demand in the future to come .
Nuclear energy is currently supplying 17 % of the world 's energy demand and however this number is projected to drop as old plants close more frequently than new ones open .
Unless a new source of sustainable energy is discover , continual research and development of nuclear energy should be given in order to sustain the economies of the world .
The Very High Temperature Reactor ( VHTR ) is one of the nuclear generation IV reactor concepts that should be given priority in its research and development .
Its uses helium , an unreactive gas as a coolant and operates at high temperature to achieve high efficiency .
It has the one of the earliest delivery date among the other generation IV reactors .
Many projects incurred high costs due to extended periods of research and development , thus it is economically more sensible to give priority to a project that has the earlier delivery date .
The difference between the cost of nuclear and conventional power plants is perhaps the most important factor in the research and development of nuclear power plants .
The costs mainly comprised of twp components : the investment and generation cost .
While on the other hand , for example in coal-rich regions of China , coal-based electricity is much cheaper .
Many countries depend on the import of oil , gases and coal for generation of electricity , which means that cheaper electricity is only limited to countries with control over fossil fuels .
Since 1990 , oil prices have rise steadily as sources of fossil fuels decreases and demands for fossil fuels increases .
It is apparent that eventually nuclear energy will be significantly cheaper even in regions that are rich in fossil fuels .
The main reason of public opposition to nuclear energy could be the lack of confidence in the safe operation of nuclear power plants is also one of the .
The Chernobyl ( 1986 ) and Three Mile Island ( 1979 ) accident are frightening examples of how devastating a nuclear accident can be .
Even till today , people are still dying of the effects from the radiations of the accidents .
It is to note that the nuclear power industry is still a relatively new one and the confidence in the safe running of the nuclear reactors comes only with experience over time .
There has been a concern over the growth of nuclear power will contribute to nuclear proliferation .
Nuclear was first developed under a project codenamed " The Manhattan Project " and it was fueled by the competition with the Nazis todevelop the world 's first atomic bomb during the War World II .
The technology was later used to generate energy , thus it is inevitable the most countries own both nuclear weapons and plants .
In summary , nuclear energy will continue to play an important role in meeting the world 's energy demand .
However with increasing public opposition to nuclear technology due to the harmful effects of the radiation produced , in recent years more plants shut down than new ones open .
The concerns are uncalled for as continual research and development will bring about cheaper and safer operation of nuclear plants .
As new reactor concepts develops , it is no surprise that nuclear energy is the " next big thing " .
Such disastrous events also happened in Pennsylvania and Chernobyl nuclear power plant in the Soviet Union .
The serious consequences caused by nuclear leaks make the experts consider over and over again before ordering new nuclear plants .
Nowadays , because of the desperate need of human societies for long term energy sources , the experts are forced to explore a safer and more economic reactor to generate nuclear power .
( NBF , 2007 ) .Under this scenario , Molten salt reactors ( MSRs ) are the best options for three reasons .
In the first place , Molten salt reactors are much safer due to the properties of the chosen salt mixture and the low pressure .
Moreover , it is more economic to develop MSRs .
Finally , most of the technology challenge can be overcome .
First of all , according to the table , the MSRs are safer to operate and maintain than most of other reactors .
{ ( GIF , n.d. ) } [ HYPERLINK : http : //www.gen-4.org/Technology/systems/msr.htm ] The chosen salt mixtures do not burn in air or water and the solubility of the fluorides salts with radioactive fission substances in water is zero .
The other reason is that low-pressure molten salts can not cause a steam explosion in the core absolutely .
( Charles W. F. , 2004 ) In addition , almost no excess reactivity of the fuel goes on in the reactor , since the fuel is added in as needed and the radioactive substances are removed on-line from the nuclear plant .
Moreover , Molten salt reactor costs less than other reactors under development which is indicated in the table .
Why fluorides are favored to be used as coolant is because fluorine does not need expensive isotope separation as chlorine does ( Per F. P. & HaiHua Z. , 2004 ) .
What is more , in the core of reactor , the pressure is relatively low .
Thus there is no need for the quite expensive high-pressure steam vessel .
Instead , the low pressure pipes built of thin sheets of metal are used .
Since the metal pipes are thick , it costs less to construct and weld .
In addition , the efficiency is raised effectively due to the high temperature , which accordingly reduces the use of fuel and the cost of complementary equipment by 50 % or more .
{ ( GIF , 2007 ) } [ HYPERLINK : http : //www.gen-4.org/Technology/systems/msr.htm ] These properties imply that MSRs can work in small sizes , which reduces the cost of land and construction .
Furthermore , some experts do not support MSRs for two constraints .
The other is the decay heat produced by noble metals which can damage the heat exchanger .
( Paul P. , 2002 ) Nevertheless , these two limitations can be solved by carbon-carbon heat exchangers .
Therefore , the amount of plated out noble metals is significantly reduced and it is easy for trapping systems to remove those noble metal from the system .
( Per F. P. & HaiHua Z. , 2004 )
First is because MSRs are relatively safe among the other reactors under development .
Besides , MSRs provide the countries a much more economic way to develop nuclear plant .
Last but not least , the two main challenges of MSRs are solved by the new technology called carbon-carbon heat exchanger .
Thus , under current circumstance , the new dawn of Molten salt reactor will come soon .
There have been many major engineering accidents occurring around the world such as the Three Mile Island and Chernobyl .
Some feel that the incorporating psychology in to the design process can help to avoid such accidents from occurring .
This could be one of the reasons why Psychology is now being taught in the design graduate programs of many institutes , such as Chicago 's Institute of Design and it is also used in some design firms ( Psychology by design , n.d ) .
By understanding psychology one would be able to enhance his or her thinking style and creativity , therefore would be able to come up with a better solution during the design process .
Therefore the use of psychology in the design process would help to prevent major engineering accidents from occurring .
As stated by Wilpert ( 2007 ) , the train accident in Eschede ( Germany ) , in the year 1998 , is one of the major engineering accident that had occurred .
It has been documented that the crack in the wheel of the train caused it to derail and meet with an accident .
They suggest that if there had been a better team of engineers involved in the design process , they would have worked in an effective and productive manner and would have been able to come up with a better piece of design for the wheel thus , preventing the accident .
However , these people are not aware that the use of psychology helps one to understand the people around him as well as know their strength and weaknesses .
In that way , during the design process they would have been able to split themselves up into smaller groups and work on the part of the design process they are strong at .
Khandani ( 2004 ) also states in his article that building of a prototype , which is the last step , is very important as it helps us to know if the design is reliable to be brought into use .
Therefore , even if a prototype had been built it would not have been possible to test it out with the real conditions .
The use of psychology on the other hand , would have helped to prevent the accident .
Design process places a very high demand on the creativity of the engineers involved , which is closely related to the thinking ability .
According to , cognitive psychology focuses on the essence of human thinking .
n.d ) The usage of cognitive would enhance the style of thinking and creativity in the design process , encouraging the engineers to come up with an effective and safe design .
There are a group of people who might strongly feel that if proper research had been done , the engineers would have come up with a better design such that any faulty in the wheels would have detected and hence preventing the train from moving .
With high technology research on this aspect of design would have been possible and hence would have prevented the accident .
However , the study of psychology focusing on the Human Computer Interaction ( HCI ) helps one to use the rapidly advancing telecommunication and research facilities to their advantage .
Therefore , the study of HCI would better enable the engineers to analysis the information they gather and would hence e able to come with innovative designs which looks into the safety of the design .
Therefore the use of the psychology would have helped to prevent the accident .
In conclusion , incorporating psychology into the design process would help to enhance the creativity and style of thinking of the engineers and it would also help the engineers to better interact with the advanced technologies and modern information .
Psychology also helps team work to be effective and therefore the use of psychology would have prevented the accident .
The world 's population is predicted to expand from about 6 billion people to 10 billion people by the year 2050 CITATION ATe02 \ l 1033 ( A Technology Roadmap for Generation IV Nuclear , 2002 ) .
And global energy demand is expected to double at that time CITATION Nuc04 \ l 1033 ( Nuclear Power 's New Dawn , 2004 ) .
Today 's energy use has caused adverse environmental problems so the energy supply will be far from sufficient for future demand .
Now the whole world has the same goals of sustainable development .
However , the public is very concerned about the safe operation of nuclear reactors , economic costs , technical risks , waste disposal of the nuclear energy systems .
Compared with the other five concepts , the Molten Salt Reactor ( MSR ) advances in safety , reliability , performance and economics .
In my point of view , people should support the farther research on MSR technology to fulfill human 's energy consumption in the future .
Given the memories of previous nuclear reactor accidents , the public concerns a lot about the safety of nuclear plants .
However , since to ensure safety is the primary goal of MSR , it has good safety factors .
Molten salt reactor systems use liquid salts as a coolant and a fuel together .
It has an integrated fuel cycle , taking advantage of the great heat transport properties of molten salt CITATION Mal09 \ l 1033 ( Malten Salt Reactor ) .The reaction process keeps low pressure , low chemical reactivity .The mobile fission products are removed continuously .
The cooling is very fast and they can cool down almost automatically when accident happens CITATION Cha04 \ l 1033 ( Forsberg , 2004 ) .
The simplified safety features do not rely on sophisticated backup systems or experienced operators CITATION Nuc04 \ l 1033 ( Nuclear Power 's New Dawn , 2004 ) .
This can prevent any deliberate accident and minimize damage of accidents .
Consequently , we should further develop these techniques , conduct more tests in different situations and do enough precaution measures .
Then safety can be ensured or even though accident happens , the loss can be eliminated .
Furthermore , another main concern from the public is the performance and radiation during reaction process .
This implies that to build a MSR could be smaller than other reactor concepts and that the efficiency of thermal power output would be higher CITATION Cha04 \ l 1033 ( Forsberg , 2004 ) .
At the same time it can split hydrogen from water , which can be alternative fuel for transport to deal with oil shortage CITATION Nuc04 \ l 1033 ( Nuclear Power 's New Dawn , 2004 ) .
CITATION Lui09 \ l 1033 ( Echavarri , 2009 ) As the result , radiation and waste will not be a significant problem anymore .
Besides , opponents argue that the use of nuclear plants would be too expensive to compete with other resource such as coal and gas .
So now we should not only consider the economic profit but the sustainable development of the human society .
The MSR use thorium as fuel .
Thorium is more abundant than uranium and its price is quite cheap .
It is well developed energy source .
Therefore compared with the other reactors , MSR has Economical and social advantages .
Moreover , as the development of this new technology , costs can be cut down gradually .
In the future , it can compete favorably with other energy source .
Today the principal challenges are using green resources and energy to get a radical reduction of CO2 emissions to deal with climate change and to pursue sustainable development .
In recent years , oil has become very important to many people by providing fuels for cars and most importantly , generates electricity .
We are using more tools that require electricity with technological advancements .
At the same time , burning oil to generate electricity also releases large amount of carbon dioxide into the atmosphere .
However , there are many who oppose to this idea because they feel that this choice is expensive , unsafe and can not perform as well as others like renewable energy .
Since it is the Generation IV Reactor expected to have one of the earliest deliveries with the highest power output ( Butler , 2004 ) , the research on it should be supported and continued .
Firstly , many people opposed the use of nuclear power as a form of energy because it is expensive to research and build a nuclear reactor .
However , they did not realise that nuclear power is expensive only at the early stage .
In the long run , nuclear power still a cheaper alternative fuel as VHTR can generate fifty percent more electricity from the same amount of fuel in the current coal-powered power plants ( Butler , 2004 ) .
Besides that , the rising price of oil will eventually become much more expensive than the radioactive materials used .
Secondly , people may argue that nuclear power is not safe to human because of the radiation that radioactive materials give out .
The Three Mile Island accident and Chernobyl accident are evidences of their claims .
In the Chernobyl accident alone , there are a total of fifty-six deaths ( World Nuclear Association , 2004 ) .
Yet , according to the World Nuclear Association ( 2008 ) , the most serious case of nuclear reactor accident is the Chernobyl accident with fifty-six deaths while a recent coal mine methane explosion in China has caused seventy-eight deaths .
Furthermore , in the new concept of VHTR , it will be " meltdown proof " so it will be still be safe if accidents happen ( Butler , 2004 ) .
Thus , nuclear power is not as dangerous compared to other sources of energy and the VHTR can be made safer with modern technologies .
The radioactive materials will run out one day like oil and coal , bringing us the problems that coal and oil are giving us today .
Thus , even though nuclear power can not perform for a long time like other renewable powers , but it is the best performing power that we can rely on now for its efficiency per land area and cost .
In conclusion , coal and oil are no longer sources of energy that we should rely on because of their rising costs and environmental impacts .
Currently , generating power using nuclear reactor , VHTR , will be our best choice since it has zero emission , cheap , safe and efficient .
Thus , the research on VHTR should be continued and funded to get ourselves ready before the demand for energy increase by one fold in year 2050 as predicted ( Butler , 2004 ) .
However , nuclear energy is more efficient and gives a new future for future energy consumption , especially after the use of generation = 4 \ * ROMAN IV nuclear reactors ( Hill , 2008 ) .
In my perspective , it is a good choice to support and fund the development of generation = 4 \ * ROMAN IV nuclear reactors for future energy consumption .
The first reason about why it is good to fund and support the development of nuclear energy for future energy consumption is about the limitation of energy resources .
The main energy resources human beings consumed today is coal , oil , natural gas and some other non-renewable resources .
People may argue that we still have enough resources in the following centuries , however , according to the survey done by the world geographers , the oil will be used up 40 years later if human beings continue using oil like they do now .
The natural gas will last 60 years and the coal can last a little longer time , 160 years .
The nuclear energy now is hot and it will show its great use in the next few centuries ( Gerstner , 2009 ) .
If they build a power plant that can produce 17.8 billion kilowatt-hour of electricity , they need 81 ton uranium , or 4.34 million ton oil , or 6.51 million ton coal and the generation = 4 \ * ROMAN IV reactors can even perform better .
From this it can be seen that the uranium can produce more energy per kilogram and it can partly solve the issue about the limitation of energy resources .
In this case it will be a good choice to fund the development of nuclear energy , especially the generation = 4 \ * ROMAN IV nuclear reactors .
Besides the advantage mentioned before , the nuclear energy also does not produce any greenhouse gases , like carbon dioxide .
The generation = 4 \ * ROMAN IV reactors can really reduce the production of green house gases ( Butler , 2004 ) .People may argue that there are many accidents happened related to nuclear reactors .
We can not deny it and for example , on 26th of April , 1986 , the nuclear reactor in Chernobyl , Ukraine leaked and exploded and caused extremely serious accidents .
Although the possibility of accidents exist , under strict management and a more and more perfect technology , the number of accidents will reduce and nuclear energy will be a kind of energy that environmental friendly and the public should fund its development .
For a single country , they can also benefit a lot from nuclear energy .
Not because it is a kind of future energy but also it can enhance the speed of economic development ( Hill , 2008 ) .
People always say the economic development will depend on the comprehensive national strength , or the national power , not the nuclear energy , however , they may not see the importance of nuclear energy in improving it .
According to a report made by OPEC , in 2009 , China consumed oil 8.27 million barrels a day , which is 0.29 million barrels more per day than 2008 .
The generation = 4 \ * ROMAN IV reactors will perform very satisfying in this aspect .
If we can support and fund the nuclear energy for future development , it will enhance the speed of economy development .
In conclusion , it will be a good choice to fund the development of generation = 4 \ * ROMAN IV nuclear reactors for future energy consumption .
Nuclear energy has three main advantages , its high rate of energy production , and its property of environmental friendly , and also it can enhance a country 's economic development .
However , some people have lost their confidences to nuclear power development after the occurring of nuclear disasters in Three Mile Island and Chernobyl .
The six generation IV reactors , of which the Very High Temperature Reactor ( VHTR ) has the most potential to be selected for further R&D funding .
Specifically , compared with Molten Salt Reactor ( MSR ) , the VHTR is safer , incurs low operation and maintenance costs and modular construction costs .
The MSR operates at the temperature of 700-800 º C and low pressures .
Thus , the VHTR would incur higher cost of installing since it needs thicker pipes to sustain the high pressure .
However , the VHTR which operates at a higher temperature is highly efficient in conversion of heat to electricity compared to the MSR .
Therefore , with economy of scale , the cost of installing and maintaining the VHTR increase less than proportionately with the plants ' generating capacity due to its high efficiency .
Moreover , additional technologies R&D for the VHTR includes high temperature alloy , fiber reinforced ceramics and composite materials can further improve the efficiency and cut down the costs ( U.S. Department of Energy Nuclear , 2002 ) .
For instance , an optimized approach for dealing with graphite is currently under research .
Thus , the VHTR is much cheaper than the MSR in overall costs .
Some people might have wrong assumption that the MSR have higher performance than the VHTR since it is a fast reactor that relies on fast neutrons while the later one is a thermal reactor that relies on moderators to slow neutrons first .
However , this is not true because the reactors ' performances are also depends on the temperature and pressure .
In fact , the overall plant efficiency of the VHTR is more than 50 % whereas compared to MSR around 44 -50 % .
In addition , the VHTR is operating in a midsized plant as compared to the MSR which is a large in size .
Thus , the VHTR is neutral in sustainability and this means that VHTR spent fuel that could be disposed of in a geological repository or conditioned for optimum waste disposal .
Furthermore , the MSR discard larger amount of waste compare to the VHTR .
Even though the waste from the MSR is then undergoing recycling , but this process is unsecure as this bypasses the stage where plutonium , an active ingredient for nuclear weapons , is produced .
Hence , the plants might become the targets for terrorist .
In addition , the cost of recycling is very expensive and a lot of fuels still end up as waste .
On the other hand , the VHTR enhance minimization through fuel recycling .
From analysis , the VHTR will spend fuel in a symbiotic fuel cycle that can achieve significant reductions in waste quantity and radio toxicity because of its ability to accommodate a wide variety mixture of fissile and fertile materials without significantly modification of the core design ( U.S. Department of Energy Nuclear , 2002 ) .
Thus , in term of safety and security , the VHTR is actually much safer than the MSR .
In conclusion , the VHTR provide an economically competitive nuclear heat source and hydrogen production capability ( Idaho National Laboratory Idaho Falls , 2006 ) .
Therefore , unremitting efforts and funding should be put into its research and development so it would give a fresh impetus to enhance the development of nuclear power .
Should funding be given to the Supercritical Water Cooled Reactor over the other Generation IV reactors ?
This will fulfill the nuclear reactors main purpose of generating affordable and reliable electricity ( Buongiorno , 2003 ) .
As the Earth is made up of mostly water , there will be enough water to be used for the coolant of the SCWR .
Unfortunately , the development is not aided by nuclear disasters , such as Chernobyl disaster in 1986 , Three Mile Island disaster in 1979 , which are two of the most serious accidents happened in nuclear power plants .
The current nuclear power plants use generation II reactor , for example , Pressurized Water Reactors , boiling water reactors .
However , the efficiency , security , economic and sustainability of generation II nuclear reactor are not up to the mark .
New nuclear technology definitely needed to be developed to achieve a broader application in power industry .
Then we will decide which one will better meet the energy demand of the future .
However , it is not important , as no research have proven that the method of generating hydrogen can achieve a higher efficiency compared with generating electricity .
Although it is not wrong to assume that under a higher temperature VHPR can achieve a higher efficiency than SFR .
As a result , it is easier for SFR to achieve its intended goal of providing energy to the world and SFR system has the potential to be developed into achieving a higher efficiency rate .
Last but not least , SFR has an obvious advantage over VHTR .
Such reductions would bring benefits in the radioactive waste disposal requirements associated with the system and enhance its non-proliferation attributes " .
) Such feature increases sustainability of SFR and makes it easier to ease public anxiety about the security of new nuclear power technology .
Thus , it will be much easier to put nuclear power plants into service .
Nuclear power is a good substitution of fossil fuel .
The utilization of nuclear power is going to change the world and people 's way of living much in the future .
At present , it is necessary for people to decide out of the six new nuclear technologies which one is of the highest value to our power needs .
The meltdown of the nuclear plant caused 30 immediate deaths along with 100,000 cases of fatal cancers in the years that follow ( Greenpeace UK , 2006 ) .
Nevertheless , with the high cost and the inadequately safe nuclear technology that we are having now , convincing people to embrace nuclear power will not be possible without safer and cheaper technology .
Out of the various fourth generation nuclear reactors currently in research , the Very High Temperature Reactor , also known as the VHTR is one of the most promising ones .
The VHTR on the other hand , utilizes the heat to boil helium , an inert gas , which drive the turbine directly .
In conventional nuclear reactors , the radioactive fission products remain in the reactor core .
The VHTR however , is designed such that the fission products are trapped inside the fuel particles .
This is evidenced by the test carried out on one of the VHTR prototype , HTR-10 in 2004 .
According to a report by the Massachusetts Institute of Technology ( 2009 ) on cost of nuclear power , the overnight cost ( cost without interest incurred ) of building a nuclear plant is US $ 4000 / kwh ( kilowatt hour of electricity produced ) .
For example , heat can be used for petrochemical reprocessing while hydrogen can be used as fuel in fuel cell plant to produce even more electricity .
Hence VHTR is actually more profitable to operate as electricity , heat and hydrogen can be obtained altogether .
Besides , the non monetary economics should be considered at the same time .
The environmental damage done , though not measurable in dollars and cents , should also be taken into account as the cost .
In less than a minute , a six-storey building was reduced to a pile of rubbles .
This was one of the deadliest Singapore 's civil accidents , known as the Hotel New World collapse which happened on 15 March 1986 and according to the Singapore Civil Defence Force ( 2009 ) , this misfortune took away the lives of 33 .
An article on Hotel New World collapse , Tan ( 1999 ) claimed that investigations showed the collapse was due to under design made by the engineers , shoddy workmanship and cost cutting made by the contractors ( Tan , 1999 ) .
There are some special scenarios where no amount of logical preventive measures could prevent accidents from happening , but as far as this study is concern , the devastating loss of human life and the collapse of Hotel New World could have all been avoided with the use of psychology during the design process , eliminating the errors done by humans in the design and maintenance phase .
All modern buildings are designed to support what the experts called the dead load and the life load .
The dead load is the weight of the building itself and the life load consisting of people and objects like furniture which the building has to support .
Calculations made by the draughtsman of Hotel New World in the designing phase was so badly wrong that he only considered for the life load and had forgotten about the dead load .
Separating the submission of dead and life load calculations could ensure both loading types were being considered in the designing phase , to take an even further precautionary measure , safety factor can be introduced to the designed calculations to make way for any unprecedented human calculation errors .
In summary , this accident could have been prevented right from the beginning , taking human errors into considerations in the design phase .
No doubt engineers and contractors had to play a role in erecting the building and also ensuring the safe operation of the civil structure , more importantly , the users or patrons must not assume ignorance .
Upon completing the construction of the building , the building goes into the maintenance phase , making the building operational .
The building showed signs of failure in the structural integrity 16 hours well before the collapsed , yet people who witnessed the failure did not react appropriately , staff of the building was alerted but did not know what to expect , whereas the management overlooked and had repair workers to fix the cracks in concrete by bracing it with timber .
This event would turn out differently if the management teams of the building were psychologically prepared , in other words , educated or briefed on such issues , the building would have been evacuated almost immediately , even having a buffer time of 16 hours on hand to do it , saving the life of 33 and even possible to conduct remedy to the building .
In short , this accident could be prevented with the aid of psychology during the design process in the maintenance phase .
As an additional pointer , the maintenance phase could act as a second safety net to catch if any remaining human errors left unsolved in the previous designing phase .
Risks are an integral part of our life , every day we are making risky decisions unknowingly , it is just a matter of the degree in the risk taken ; walking on the open street itself would also means exposing to the risk of aircrafts crashing down on you .
Freak accidents referring to unanticipated natural disaster , such as unforeseen or illogical scenarios like the tsunami that swept across Sri Lanka in year 2004 , which no amount of logical preventive measures taken could had prevented the disaster from happening .
There are no absolute measures to an accident-free world , what can be done is to minimize the risk as much as possible , preventing the occurrence of accident close to nil and learning from past mistakes and improve if an accident had occurred , as mentioned in an article on Keeping Building Engineers Well Grounded , Lee ( 2008 ) claimed that Hotel New World is iconic of the construction challenges in the 1970s ( Lee , 2008 ) .
To conclude , it is evident that the arguments involving psychology during the design process in the design and maintenance phase would have prevented the accident in this particular study , in coherence to the author of Hotel New World Collapse , Hon ( 1987 ) concluded the design was bad , the construction was bad and the maintenance was bad ( Hon , J. , 1987 ) , it was human errors which caused the failure of Hotel New World .
Even though it gained popularity in the 1970s , the partial meltdown of the nuclear power plant 's core on Three Mile Island in 1979 and Chernobyl explosion in 1986 had a serious taint on the popularity of the use of Nuclear energy as an energy source .
Chernobyl explosion caused less than 60 radiation-related death and required resettlement of over 336,000 people .
Although more serious incident is yet to occur , people are increasingly concerned about the potential hazardous threat posed by the nuclear plants .
Nuclear reactors also produce plutonium as a by-product which can be used in the nuclear weapons .
It raises a global concern that terrorists or aggressive countries may have easier access to the nuclear weapons and may threaten the world peace .
Also , nuclear reactors are operational only for around fifty years , requiring regular costly replacements
However , with increasing demands for energy due to industrialization and the rising price of oil and fossil fuels , nuclear energy remains as an important source of energy despite all the controversies .
On the other hand , the SFR has a closed loop fuel cycle and is designed to reduce wastes .
With regards to safety , the VHTR has certain desirable safety measures under both normal and extreme conditions .
Nevertheless , with some innovations , a buffer can be introduced to prevent water vapor from reaching the radioactive sodium in the primary system .
For the VHTR , the cost is mainly associated with the heat exchanger size and the installation expenses which usually total to about US $ 781.5 millions .
Although the cost of building a nuclear reactor is great and there are concerns about safety , there are several advantages of using nuclear energy as an energy source .
The small size of the nuclear power plants allows them to be integrated in the already developed regions and makes the long- distance power transfer unnecessary .
Also , the nuclear energy does not produce pollution directly into the atmosphere in the form of greenhouse gases .
The use of nuclear energy is also advantageous in a sense that it will never run out while oils reserves and fossil fuels are likely to be used up at some time .
With more research and investments in the nuclear technology , the SFR can become a viable energy source in the future .
With the rising demand for energy and the increasingly visible harmful effects of the use of oil and fossil fuels to the environment , the nuclear energy offers an alternative and is regaining some of its popularity and early successes of 1970s .
On 20 April 2004 , the contractors and workers were having their usual tea break when they heard a loud thud from the structure that they were working on for the past few months .
Four men were immediately killed .
( MOM , 2005 ) .The Nicoll Highway that links Kallang to Central Business District has collapsed. ( Ahmad,A.,2004 ) .
The collapse of the Nicoll Highway was a controversial issue where everyone has his or her own views .
There were views from engineers as well as the parties involved , saying that the collapse was not due to mistake in design as they followed the code of practice in their design and the safest bottom- up construction method were used .
There were no occupational hazard influenced by the decisiveness and attitude of the project managers .
The parties involved take pride in their work .
In my opinion , I felt that the collapse was due to mistake in the design , the lack of integrity as portrayed by the parties involved and the management team was not decisive about the situation .
Indecisiveness and negligence of the management team , design mistake and lacking in integrity are three factors of psychology which I felt were lacking in the design process which had resulted in the engineering accident .
The reason for the collapse of Nicoll Highway was not solely due to mistake in the design .
Safety factors were taken into consideration in the design of the loads according to the Code of Practice .
Furthermore , the commonly and safest bottom-up method were used , said a civil engineer working in LTA.It was definitely a mistake in design as the investigation revealed that there were an error in the design of the strut support system and that they were under-designed ( MOM , 2009 ) .
There were omission and misintepretation of the code of practice ( SCOSS , SC/06/102 ) .Therefore,the use of phsychology could have prevented the accident if the parties involved had not make any errors in the design .
The Land Transport Authority were decisive throughout the whole project as they shored up the surrounding ground to prevent further collapse of the repair work .
If they were indecisive , they would not be able to decide what were the steps to be taken to prevent further collapse .
However , there were evidence showing that the management teams had neglected their roles .
The management teams failed to provide adequate instrumentation and monitoring works , lack of competenet personnel to carry out specified works , failed to identify adverse trends and implement corrective work ( Ministry of Manpower , 2005 ) .
There were signs of structure failing but they were ignored .
The above evidence showed that there were human errors such as the negligence of the responsibilities from the management team which had resulted in the collapse of Nicoll Highway .
The parties involved in the construction of the Nicoll Highway were carefully selected and one of them was the Land Transport Authority ( LTA ) .
Since it is under severe guidance by the government , there should not be any problems involving integrity or dishonesty .
However , there was evidence showing that there was dishonesty and lacking in integrity in the party involved .
From the book on Nicoll Highway Collapse , extracted from New Civil Engineer ( 2005 ) , Nishimatsu-Lum Chang ( NLC ) being the party involved in the project , was negligent , reckless and dishonest during design and construction of the retaining wall .
If the parties involved had integrity and knew that by cutting costs would result in many casualties , the engineering accident would have been prevented .
It was due to the parties lacking in integrity , which was one of the psychological factor that they failed to portray , had resulted in the collapse .
In conclusion , the use of psychology could have prevented the accident if they were careful about the design and make sure that it was not under-designed as in the case of the Nicoll Highway .
It was due to the carelessness and negligence of the management team that have caused the accident .
Some people think nuclear energy is good but there are still people thinks we should not develop nuclear energy .
Two sides support their on views on pro and cons to nuclear energy .
In Butler 's ( 2004 ) article , there are 6 type of generation IV reactor .
This mean it is safer to use this kind of reactor .
This reactor can generate large amount of energy and can have waste recycling .
We can see that future reactor is much cheaper , safer and more environmental friendly .
We should further develop nuclear power energy since the cons of nuclear energy can be minimizing by developing it .
Some people feel that radioactive waste is the main problem of nuclear energy source which cause cancer to life form and eventually lead to death .
Although radioactive waste last for a few thousand of years until it is completely gone , fossil fuel will cause more serious damage to the earth because of emission of natural gas that lead to global warming .
Global warming affect the whole world and nuclear waste only affect a certain area .
If we maximize the effect of Global Warming , all the life form on earth will extinct eventually .
If we compare with nuclear waste , the waste will finally disappear after a long period .
From the example of Hiroshima , we can see how fast a city able to rebuild after the nuclear warfare .
Furthermore , nuclear waste is not a problem for future generation IV reactor like the Supercritical-water- cooled reactor ; because it has the function of recycle waste .
Many people think that we should not waste money on nuclear energy because the cost of handling or building a nuclear power plant is very high ; we can use the money to contribute to research to find alternative energy or in the development of alternative energy source like solar and wind energy .
If we see the energy demand each year , it is rapidly increasing every year and I don think alternative energy source like solar and wind energy can meet that need .
Nuclear energy contributes almost 15 % of the world 's electricity ( Leipoldt , E , 2006 ) , if we do n't use nuclear energy , what we going to use to replace the 15 % of the world 's electricity ?
Since there is already a solution to meet energy demand in the future , why do n't we just use it ?
In addition , the future generation IV reactor like the Supercritical-water-cooled reactor can produce much more electrical energy than older generation reactor , so we should develop it .
Helium-3 produce much less waste and has half-life that is 12 years only .
A lot of country is racing to go to the Moon to get this helium-3 that is why they keep improving their astronomy technology .
Lasker , J .
( 2006 ) states that NASA is planning to go and harvest it in 2024 years and they are developing high technology to harvest it .
We should improve our nuclear technology first while waiting for the nuclear source from the moon .
Using nuclear energy can decrease the emission of natural gas , generate large amount of energy to meet future need and has more potential advantages in the future .
Among these reactor designs , Supercritical-water-cooled reactor ( SCWR ) is the most suitable concept for funding and developing due to its usage of advanced material , safety and economical design and high security .
People who oppose nuclear power plant think that SCWR is not safe enough because it has potentially hazardous requirements .
Since the materials are guaranteed to rigorous safety standards , SCWR should be supported further research and development funding .
In fact , on the contrary , the balance of SCWR plant design utilizes a relatively simple direct cycle power conversion system , which also allows for the incorporation of passive safety features .
SCWR 's efficiency is achieved about 45 % while this one in advanced LWRs is 33 % ( Supercritical-Water-Cooled Reactor ( SCWR ) , 2007 ) .
Another advantage of SCWR is very cost-effective because it involves only one cycle .
So the overall simple design of the SCWR will also cut down the construction cost .
The attack on September 11 in 2001 has provided a wake-up call for facing the threat of nuclear terrorism .
According to Li ( 2008 ) , the Molecular and Cellular Biology concentrator in Cabot House , the United States Congress has decided to use 555 billion USD in formation of an " international fuel nuclear bank " ( p. 54 ) to prepare for the safe reprocessing .
That means human intervention will be reduced to minimum to prevent potential terrorist attacks on nuclear reactors .
Taking everything into account , because of its achievement in research in advanced materials , effective design and security , the SCWR should be so highly appreciated to pursue the GEN-IV goals that it can be continuously developed and funded .
Our natural resources are rapidly consumed to supply energy for the society .
Although the construction of new nuclear power plants is strictly restricted , a new concept for the next generation of nuclear power plants have been announced .
Despite critics about its safety , over the past decades , while still undergoing many restrictions , a small number of nuclear plants alone located in North America and Europe provide 15 % of global total power .
With the prediction about the US 's shortage of fuel by 2025 and VHTR expected delivery by 2020 ( Butler , 2004 ) , if this new generation of reactors receive enough funding , it would be available at the right time to ease the lack-of-fuel crisis .
The public may argue that the conversion from petroleum- fuelled to hydrogen-fuelled would be very complicated and costly .
Car runs on hydrogen does not need heavy materials and much space for its fuel tank .
Although the mass conversion to full hydrogen- fuelled vehicles might be costly , it will bring more advantages as a long- term strategy .
Finally , other than nuclear , there is still one source of energy that is believed to bring us an abundant amount of energy , solar power .
No one can understand the current situation of global power supply better than oil- supplying countries themselves , and these global oil providers are hurried towards an IAEA 's admission for producing nuclear energy in the Gulf ( Brumfiel , 2008 ) .
With the pessimistic view about the current global oil supply , these countries hope to quadruple their energy supply using nuclear plants .
With a VHTR constructed on the same amount of area , the UAE can expect an amount of energy far outweighs that created by solar energy .
The development of VHTR ensures us a safe and abundant source of energy for the next centuries , before solar power technology is that advanced to meet our energy demand .
Generation IV ( Gen IV ) reactor are theoretical nuclear reactors designs that are undergoing researching and is to be completed in 2030 .
They are projects initiated by Generation IV International Forum ( GIF ) which aims to come up with nuclear reactors that is more desirable for human use .
However , government 's policies to promote nuclear energy are still met with resistance from the public .
Many of them still see nuclear energy as it was decades ago , when it was expensive , low performing and might lead to nuclear arms proliferation .
Thus opponents argue that we should stop investing in nuclear energy for security issue .
If the nuclear reactor runs on opened loop fuel system , nuclear waste will not be recycled .
The SWCR is able to operate on open looped fuel system which does not recycle nuclear waste ( Butler , 2004 ) .
If nuclear waste is managed well , nuclear waste from SWCR can not be use for nuclear arms .
Thus , funding for SWCR should be increase .
Public perceive that nuclear energy is more expensive than conventional energy sources ( Hughes , 1999 ) and thus opposed the use of nuclear power .
However , they did not consider the fact that fossil fuel is depleting quickly ( How much Fossil fuel are left ?
Moreover , the cost of nuclear energy can be lower by research and adopting nuclear energy in a large scale .
Although nuclear energy is expensive now , we should be far-sighted and considered the potential of nuclear energy becoming an affordable energy source in the future .
With high thermal efficiency , SWCR is able to produce electricity at a price comparable to fossil fuel reactor ( Butler , 2004 ) .
For the sustainability of our modern lifestyle , funding for researching SWCR should increase .
Many people opposed developing nuclear energy because of the large amount of money required for its infrastructure ( Wald , 2008 ) .
Unlike the green energy , which is unstable and can not be produced on demands ( Wald , 2008 ) ; nuclear power is dependable at all time .
In conclusion , funding for SWCR 's research should be increase as it is the best investment for energy .
In conclusion , public reject nuclear energy for fear of nuclear arms proliferation , the perception that nuclear energy is expensive and the thinking that nuclear reactor is costly to build .
However , the use of opened loop fuel system in SWCR can prevent the proliferation of nuclear arms .
Moreover , nuclear energy has the greatest potential of fulfilling our demands .
As such , it is logical that we support the research of SWCR .
In 1986 , the Chernobyl Nuclear Power Plant in Ukraine exploded , resulting in a massive power excursion and many deaths caused by radiation poisoning .
Among all the reasons of the explosion , there were three main causes , which led to the function failure of the nuclear power plant .
Some people may not agree , because they believe that some design problems of the nuclear plant system could not be properly solved at the condition of technology at that time .
Besides , no matter how advanced and well-designed of the control system was , the machine was processed by man and it could never predict the human errors , which occurred by chance and were dependent on people 's emotions at particular time .
By iteration of analysis and systematic feedbacks to the machine , the mistake could have been detected early even before the machine was built .
On the contrast of slowing down the rate of the reaction , it sped up the separation of atoms , which caused such a serious explosion .
The workers , who were in charge of the building of engineering segments , would be aware of the uses of their product and more careful when making important parts of machines .
The information of designing and processing would be better channeled and translated to all the people related , if they input psychology into the process engineering stage .
Moreover , the main nuclear reactor in the plant had been constructed without any secure containment , which led to radial active containment freely escaped into atmosphere .
According to the research of a 2005 report by the Chernobyl Forumeight U.N. organizations , the nuclear plant was designed by Soviet experienced engineers ( West , 2005 ) .
Most of them had participated in the design of first generation nuclear reactor .
In this case , if a psychologist was employed , he would have seen the engineers ' dilemma and used psychological approach to help them overcome their bias .
In addition , although human errors were also accounted for the nuclear explosion , they were not totally unpreventable .
To sum up , if psychology was applied in the design engineering stage , feedback loops would function to minimize human errors in the process .
Psychology can reduce misunderstanding between designers and processors , helping information better channeled and decreasing the probability of misunderstanding problems .
In conclusion , psychology approach could prevent engineering accident , regardless of different possible mistakes which may occur in the process .
The world can not forget what happened in the Three Mile Island in 1979 .
( World Nuclear Association,2001 ) The incident raised the fears of the public over the nuclear power .
Therefore , the engineers design Very High Temperature Reactor to make it safer .
However , there comes some controversies that the VHTR requires very complicated technologies and very high cost construction compared to the Sodium Cooled Fast Reactor .
Though many people criticize the VHTR for its great cost and immature technology , the VHTR should be popularized and the essay will discuss about it on three aspects : security , performance and cost .
People still worry about the radioactivity a reactor sends out and they think the sodium cooled reactor is safer .
I agree with this idea that the safety issue should always be first concerned .
Sodium is very chemically active and it can react with the core material and then the lifespan of the reactor will be less .
Moreover , the sodium will get radioactive and we can not imagine what it will be when the coolant is exposed to the outside .
The VHTR has great advantages of security over other reactors like the sodium cooled fast reactor .
Helium is an inert gas , it will not chemically react with any other materials .
Meanwhile , helium is radioactive when it is radiated , unlike the other coolants .
Even if all helium comes out of the reactor , it still causes little effects on the environment .
If the system loses control , its core temperature will rise and finally it melts .
The possibility of a sodium cooled reactor to melt is about per reactor per year .
The one of a VHTR is aboutper reactor per year .
( Baidu,2007 ) When the system finds something wrong , it will automatically stop working and cool down the temperature to a safe level .
The VHTR has an average heat efficiency of 40 % , and the one designed by ESKOM company in South Africa even has efficiency of 47 % .
( Baidu Baike,2007 ) The heat efficiency of sodium cooled reactor is only 20 % .
For example , one spends 1 billion dollars to build a 200MW VHTR and one builds a 100MW sodium one that costs 0.5billion dollars .
Then , the overall benefit of the sodium reactor is too little compared to the Very High Temperature Reactor .
Another group of people think the sodium cooled reactor will cause less problems to the materials than the VHTR .
With the advancements in technology humans can now have the joy of swimming long hours inside deep waters or even step on the far away moon .
Well to have the opportunity for those is great ; but unlike many of us with flawless senses , for those with impairments in senses , a blessed feeling would be to see a flower , smell its fragrance , hear a bird or sing along to a song .
Fortunately those with the talent and education required to invent such things are using existing technologies and extending them to suit human purposes .
For the complete understanding of the invention , it is important we learn the exact built of it .
The screen displays are of two types : one with visual of an individual enjoying the music corresponding to the beat or a mosaic of lines and circles triggered by the music .
It is the fact that sound travels through matter as vibrations .
The hearing impaired can not detect sound that travel through air but their skin , bone and muscle can detect sound vibrations that travel through solid matter such as wood and cotton .
The studies conducted to test the effectiveness of the chair show that the chair indeed has great potential .
The tests have been done on forty three participants including those who are fully deaf , partially deaf and those who lost hearing later in their life .
Even though a direct correlation is unseen here , it is the study of sound that inspired the thesis to this design .
Speaking in plain terms would be to admit that their music experience is not fully compatible with that of one with normal hearing where they hear the lyrics etc .
The musical understanding would be limited to beat , tone and volume alone .
Since it is a new technology , there are still many refinements that could be made .
Given that it is also equipped with many speakers , heavily cushioned chair , and accessories , the chair uses much space and has quite limited mobility .
Since there are foundations for the benefit of the hearing impaired , one step that could be taken is to unite these institutes with the developers of this technology to make ensure the research continues .
This innovation is for the better living of the hearing impaired and with the help of those currently involved ; the developers could create an advanced version in the near future .
Innovations are for the betterment of the living conditions of humans , comfort and convenience in their life .
That is the energy problem .
In fact , although the problem came into being long time ago , we start to pay enough attention to it just in recent days .
We all know that the world 's energy reserves are limited , especially the fossil fuels widely used all the time .
It is said that by the end of this century the fossil fuels , which consist of gas , coal and oil , will be used up .
In other words , we do not have any fossil fuels to use in nearly ninety years ' time from now on .
Thus nuclear reactors started being built in some countries .
However , these days fewer and fewer nuclear reactors are planned to be built for the reason of public opposition .
Here we just use the supercritical-water-cooled reactors to illustrate for the reason that in all the generation IV reactors it is the only one which only use water as its coolant and the wastes are optionally recyclable .
Besides , it do not need very high temperature and can produce large amount of electricity , the only obvious weak point may be the high pressure needed .
It seems to be the best one in the six reactors in my mind .
They think it is very possible to have some accidents in the nuclear plants .
For example , one of the reactors in Chemobyl plant , Ukrainian Soviet Socialist Republic , once exploded .
What was worse , further explosions and the resulting fire sent a plume of highly radioactive fallout into the atmosphere and cover an extensive geographical area which in fact became a nightmare for the local people .
However , the truth is that in more than 12700 cumulative reactor-years of commercial operation in 32 countries , there are only two major accidents happened including the one we have mentioned above .
There is actually no need to be that worried .
To achieve nuclear safety furthermore , we also need to develop high-quality design& construction and invent equipment to prevent operational disturbances developing into problems .
Of course , some people may say that high risk of nuclear reactors may make them become the target of terrorists .
It is such a disaster that leads to over 6000 deaths even though it has nothing to do with nuclear .
Imagine if the attack happened in a nuclear plant , what will the consequence be ?
In fact , we do not need to be that scared because of this point .
Tests have shown concrete structures used in reactor domes can withstand battering .
Besides , governments have emphasized the importance of hardening nuclear power reactor .
Therefore , it is not that easy for the terrorists to attack the nuclear reactors .
When it comes to the cost , many people may think building the nuclear reactors is quite an expensive process .
While in fact , a successfully operated nuclear plant is much more environmentally friendly than coal or gas power stations , which means a relatively lower waste disposal cost .
Just as what I have mentioned above , nuclear reactors have its own advantages on both cost and performance .
Also , what people worry about , like security , is actually not that bad .
Therefore , further research and development funding for nuclear reactors is necessary for our society since it is a good way to solve the energy offering problem .
At the same time , the alternatives have to be cleaner so that current global warming situation will not be aggravated ( Butler , 2004 ) .
One of the nuclear reactors , the Supercritical Water Cooled Reactor ( SCWR ) has been proven to be one of the excellent methods to generate cheap and safe power for consumption .
Although there are criticism cited about its flaws , it is still a reactor which is worth to be developed ( Idaho National Library , 2009 ) .
Among the Generation IV nuclear reactors , the SCWR has the lowest development cost which is based on the economics , safety and sustainability factors ( Cogeneration Technologies , 2003 ) .
Comparing with other forms of Generation IV reactors , the SCWR does not require high development cost as it is using existing technologies such as Light Water Reactors ( LWRs ) and supercritical fossil-fired boilers .
Although there are critics highlighted that further research and development is required for the systems components ( such as vessel and pressure tubes ) , which in turn demands for more funds .
Secondly , the SCWR systems are able output great performance with its unique characteristics .
It is able to produce high thermal efficiency of about 45 % versus about 33 % efficiency for current LWRs , which evaluates to greater energy output ( Danielyan , 2003 ) .
This is due to its ability of operating at higher pressure and temperature ( at 550 degree Celsius ) with a single phase operation , unlike the current LWRs that need recirculation of heat and components like jet pumps and steam generators .
Other Generation IV reactor , such as Very High Temperature Reactor ( VHTR ) , is also to output high thermal efficiency at about 50 % and at a high temperature of 1000 degree Celsius ( Butler , 2009 ) .
Hence , this shall attribute to a good reason why SCWR should be used instead of other Generation IV reactors .
Lastly , research and development ( R&D ) is crucially needed as this is the most important aspect needed as part of the implementation of any Generation IV reactors ( Butler 2004 ) .
For example , VHTR requires research to be done on the reactors ( specifically pebble bed type core and prismatic block core ) , power conversion unit , and its production on hydrogen ( supply for future energy source ) .
These are very complex researches that could take a long period of time and requires collaboration with partners across the world ( Carre , 2006 ) .
Although Dr Buongiorno highlighted that this " was not easy " to be done , he and his research team collaborated with researchers from University of Michigan , the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and Westinghouse to do a research by testing new materials under the supercritical condition ( Buongiorno , 2003 ) .
This is a much promising system to be invested for its benefits in terms of low development cost , better performance and least research and development processes .
Although there are odds in proving the system 's efficiency , it is said to be a great investment for a better future ( Idaho National Library , 2009 ) .
Assessing Gas-cooled Fast Reactors for Generation IV Services To meet the energy demand in the 21st century , a new generation of nuclear reactors termed as Generation IV , are being developed .
One of the most popular concepts of the Generation IV is gas-cooled fast reactors ( GFR ) , which uses a direct-cycle helium turbine for electricity generation or hydrogen production with a high efficiency CITATION Hej05 \ l 1033 ( Hejzar , Pope , Williams , & Driscoll , 2005 ) .
However , there are concerns about its impact of its radioactive waste on environment and its safety in operation CITATION But04 \ l 1033 ( Butler , 2004 ) .
Although GFR has certain deficiencies at this stage ; further R&D funding should be supported because it has three main advantages in terms of sustainability , safety and industrial applications .
Opponents of GFR point out that it is inevitable for nuclear reactors to produce radioactive waste which has destructive effects and due to the high cost of pollutant management , it seems impossible to install nuclear reactors without any radioactive emissions .
However , a research conducted by the MIT GFR development team CITATION Hej05 \ l 1033 ( Hejzar , Pope , Williams , & Driscoll , 2005 ) shows that it is possible to develop a closed fuel cycle with full transuranics ( TRU ) recycling so that all TRU will be recycled with losses of 0.1 % or less .
The long-term waste will be substantially reduced with a core with a conversion ratio to be close to 1.0 CITATION Gir08 \ l 1033 ( Girardin , et al. , 2008 ) .
Hence the GFR system is highly-ranked in sustainability among all the nuclear reactors and this makes it a favorable energy supply in the future .
Fortunately , under Generation IV International Forum , a number of researches are dealing with this safety problem using " passive decay heat removal options " CITATION Gir08 \ l 1033 ( Girardin , et al. , 2008 ) .
In the design of GFR system , combined systems of both active cooling and passive cooling is applied : active systems are used to remove the decays of heat at high power level then passive systems will take over after 24 hours when decay heat is reduced to 0.5 % .The active part defends the system at the first place and the passive part only dues with the pressure achieved after depressurization .
In this way , less human labor is involved into the operation of GFR and thus accident risk in minimized .
Some also claim that GFR can hardly change the energy supply scenario in the globe because the nuclear energy today is mainly utilized to generate electricity , which only accounts for 16 % of the total energy consumption CITATION Her09 \ l 1033 ( Herranz , Linares , & Moratilla , 2009 ) .
However , except for electricity generation , the future GFR is predicted to achieve an excellent thermal performance based on a direct Brayton cycle configurations .
Herranz , Linares , & Moratilla ( 2009 ) predicts that GFR can use a few hunderds MWs to produce heat at a very high temperature.This will satisfy most heat applications of industrial processes .
Besides , some scientists suggest that the thermal efficiency of GFR can probably be increased from the present level 30 % to higher than 50 % with no additional economic penalty CITATION Her09 \ l 1033 ( Herranz , Linares , & Moratilla , 2009 ) .
To summarize , GRF can be a favorable energy supply because it can achieve wider range of industry application with minimized radioactive waste .
Moreover , it better ensures the safety during operation so that accident risk is lowered .
Hence , to make such energy supply possible in the future , the development of GFR system should be funded .
Scientists debate whether using large amount of nuclear power as an energy resource might bring human benefits .
Although some scientists argue nuclear power has negative effects in environment , it is unsafe or security , there are some evidences which show nuclear power yields great benefits such as protecting environment , safer than using traditional power .
In addition , the appearance of nuclear weapon can not be avoided when nuclear power was developed .
Opponents of using nuclear power claim that it has negative impact on the environment because of some accidents which had happened before .
Despite the fact that the nuclear power plants accidents real pose environmental contamination , it is still relatively not so bad by contrasting with the pollution which is produced by traditional power generation .
Nuclear power plants produce electricity by using Uranium , but not burning of fuels .
A research report from University of Michigan ( Ilan Lipper&Jon Stone , 2009 ) shows that USA 's nuclear power plants reduce electric generating emissions of greenhouse gases by 20 percents , or 128 trillion tons per year .
In addition , nuclear power alleviates the global carbon dioxide producing which is one of the major contributors to the global warming .
If 16 percents of the world 's electricity generated by nuclear power plants are replaced by generating using coal , 1,600 million tons of CO2 will annually produced .
They say that the accidents caused by nuclear power plants caused huge harm to human .
At Three Mile Island ( World Nuclear Association , 2009 ) , no people died and no one injured .
At Chernobyl ( World Nuclear Association , 2009 ) , about 50 people died , and 1,500 people got disease from the radioactive emission .
However , the disease can be treated successfully and less than ten people died .
Comparing with people died in coal mining disaster , this number is very small .
The total number of people died during the coal mining accidents is obviously far more than this number .
The final argument advanced by opponents of using nuclear power is that nuclear power can be used to create mass destruction nuclear weapon .
In addition , in the project Apollo 13 , a huge number of new technologies was developed and applied to the spacecraft .
Later Americans used those new technologies to create new powerful missiles .
Hence , the appearance of nuclear weapons can not be avoided when nuclear power was developed .
Moreover , it can help to protect environment and is much safer than using traditional energy resources .
Hence , in my opinion , using large amount of nuclear power as an energy resource can bring human benefits .
Global warming and increasing energy demands revive the nuclear energy .
Aiming at providing " safe , abundant , reliable , inexpensive and proliferation resisitant " , generation IV nuclear reactors ( six concepts ) would operate at high temperatures that enhance productivity and efficiency .
In spite of the controversies , the " very-high-temperature reactors " which is independent of reprocessing nuclear waste and generates hydrogen as by-product , is the most feasible one among the six .
" says Ed Gersterner , a senior editor of nature Physics .
In recent years , reprocessing nuclear waste has become an alternative.Reprocessing nuclear waste could cut the final amount of waste produced ; meanwhile all the uranium and plutonium could be recovered and reused .
Hence , the supporters believe that the new generation of nuclear reactor should make use of this technology .
" they argues .
Reprocessing the nuclear waste endures great economic and political cost .
The Energy Department of US recently released an industry estimate that a reprocessing plant with an annual capacity of 2,000 metric tons of spent fuel would cost up to $ 20 billion to build while the cost premium for reprocessing spent an extra $ 3 to $ 4.5 billion per year .
Secondly , the action endangers global security , which includes deterring terrorism and nuclear weapon proliferation .
To safe the environment , we need nuclear energy urgently , excludes nuclear reprocessing .
Therefore , among six of the new concepts , only VHTR and SCWR fit the condition .
Due to current technology , hydrogen produced by nuclear reactors is not enough to completely replace gasoline for transport demands , the opponents argues .
They also raise concerns about the corresponding infrastructure such as " hydrogen-fuelled cars " and " hydrogen-stations " which have not yet been widely implemented .
" words from Jeffery.D.Sachs , director of the Earh Institute at Columbia Universtiy , implies that gasoline is replaced not only by hydrogen , but also electricity , biofuels , solar energy .
The more hydrogen put into use , the better the situation could be .
Besides , the hydrogen technology is developing rapidly .
In conclusion , the Very-high-temperature reactors is the most practical and efficient one among the six concepts .
However , because of more used resources for producing energy , the environmental issues are more serious , for example , the global warming and water pollution .
For solving these two serious issues , nuclear energy has been proposed as the solution for many years .
Many countries have built up nuclear plants which have developed to generation IV .
I think it is necessary and feasible to build VHTR to solve energy issues , although some people hold opposite ideas .
They say that related department have to spend too much money on the plants and the revenue can not cover the cost .
So they think it is not deserved .
However , the cost for VHTR is not as costly as we thought .
It costs only 670 Million dollars .
Furthermore , according to " A Technology Roadmap " ( 2002 ) , the VHTR can generate electricity with high efficiency , over 50 % at 1000 ° C , whereas , other reactors can normally have an efficiency of 33 % -50 % .
Opponents hold another opposite ideas that building VTHR is not safe .
They set the Chernobyl nuclear accident as an example to show how dangerous it is to build such plants .
First , VHTR use helium as coolant .
Additionally , in " Thermal Performance and Flow Instabilities " ( n.d. ) , it is said that exposing helium to radiation does not make it radioactive , unlike most other possible coolants .
For instance , Reactor and gas turbine system is separated from hydrogen production plant in order to isolate the hydrogen plant from reactor system during the abnormal events of hydrogen production plant .
Some people think that VHTR is not environmental friendly .
They consider that plants can pollute the environment and waste can not be dealt with well .
However , they do not realize building VTHR is mainly for solving environmental problem .
If we utilize traditional resource , such as coal , gas and petrol , there will be much more emission of carbon dioxide .
On the other hand , VHTR discharge no carbon dioxide and its product of hydrogen is the cleanest fuel ever found .
Also , Shropshire and Herring ( 2004 ) said that the waste of VHTR will be reprocessed according to the form and will meet the acceptance criteria of the repository .
So , compared with traditional manner , building VHTR is much more environmental friendly .
To sum up , it is better to build VHTR for solving the energy problem .
Engineers have overcome the difficulties on cost , safety and environment .
Hope we can benefit a lot from the VHTR .
Dealing with the current increasing demand for energy and the threat of global warming by worldwide nation , the Generation IV International Forum ( GIF ) came up with six generation IV nuclear reactors which were believed to be able to deal with the problems by 2025 ( Butler , 2004 ) .
Based on studies ( Elder & Allen , 2009 ) , these nuclear reactors were capable of replacing gasoline with hydrogen in the long run with its enhanced efficiencies .
However , the public possessed strong opposition against the building of nuclear reactors .
Despite the concern by the public over the safe operation of the nuclear reactors being built , there is strong evidence that very-high-temperature reactors ( VHTR ) , one of the six generations IV nuclear reactors , could bring positive results for further research and development funding .
According to Butler ( 2004 ) , further research and development funding for the VHTR would mean there will be increasing demand to build a lot more nuclear power plants in hope to replace the gasoline with hydrogen .
This would results in an especially high cost for the government to bear .
Yet , the opposing argument ignores the fact that building more nuclear power plants will need time and good management to achieve full results in a long run ( Greenwald , 1991 ) .
Supporters argue that with the nuclear power plants being built , it will contribute to the nation by the use of hydrogen being produced for other important usages such as a direct fuel or as feedstock ( Farbman & Brecher , 1975 ) .
In addition , the nuclear power plants offer life-cycle cost advantage over other energy resources ( Perera , 2004 ) .
It was believed that the nation will profit with the effort and large investments being made to build the nuclear power plants .
Next , Butler ( 2004 ) states that incident such as the Chernobyl and Three Mile Island which have occurred years ago , left public to be highly traumatized , thus having doubts against the performance of the new generation IV nuclear reactors being proposed by the GIF .
According to Butler ( 2004 ) , it was researched that VHTR had the abilities to convert the heat and generate 1.5 times of the electricity compared to the previous generation nuclear power plants being used currently .
Then , another opposed argument being raised states that building of nuclear power plants will make the country more vulnerable to terrorist attack as plutonium is a key ingredient to nuclear weapon ( Butler , 2004 ) .
Also , destruction of nuclear plant will emit radioactive substances which will be detrimental the public of the country and its neighbouring countries ( Elder & Allen , 2009 ) .
However , research studies ( Butler , 2004 ) shows that VHTR do not undergo waste recycling for which the waste being produced will go directly to repository and this lead to the possibility of obtaining of plutonium ingredients to make nuclear weapons to be low and in turn , increased the security of the nation .
In the point of view between opposition and the experts and supporters , the new generation nuclear reactors proved to be more effective in terms of cost , performance and its security .
With the doubts being raised by public opposition , supporters and experts believed that the nuclear hydrogen production by VHTR has the potential to meet the future 's needs with the nuclear energy .
Hence , it was reiterated that VHTR , one of the generation IV reactor concepts could be supported for further research and development funding .
Nuclear-related issue has always been one of the most important issues of the contemporary system of justice .
As early as after World War II has ended ; the fear for nuclear research will bring about nuclear weapons has created a situation whereby nuclear researches are kept under strict government regulation .
According to a report " World population may reach 9.2 billion by 2050 " from the Associated Press , the world 's population is expected to expand from 6.2 billion to 9.2 million people by the end 2050 which will lead to an increase in the demand for energy .
Therefore groups of international experts were organized to take up research job to develop a new concept on nuclear reactors .
Thus by comparing the Generation IV reactor concept with the previous generations , we can discover significant advantages .
They are manageable nuclear waste , recognized safety performance and secure nuclear energy .
Within the concept , the most beneficial reactor will be the Molten Salt Reactor ( MSR ) compared to the Very-High-Temperature Reactor ( VHTR ) and other 4 .
According to the Roadmap for Generation IV from the e-book , VHTR is equipped with a Back-Up emergency core cooling system .
MSR on the other hand is proved to be much safer compared to VHTR .
In the process reacting , no high pressure steam is required within the core which means that there will not be very temperature involved compared to VHTR with a 1000oC which will result in a lower risk of explosion .
In the event of overheating , instead of using additional coolant , the fuel salt will be forced to overflow and the overflow will be safely stored in a tank with cooling system .
Because VHTR operate at very high temperature which is near to 1000oC , it is proven to the ability to convert the heat energy to electricity efficiently .
In addition to its process , it is able to produce hydrogen gas which is useful because of hydrogen 's role in emission-free hydrogen fuel cells that can be used in transportation .
But because of the high operating temperature , it means that the materials being use must have the ability to withstand extremely high temperature in order to sustain the process and therefore additional cost is need to research and purchase these materials .
MSR uses a multi-reheat helium Brayton cycle which is a simplified balance of plant with lower cost and improved efficiency .
Because of the low cost , a utility could easily build several such reactors with reduced interest expense and business risk .
The overall plant efficiency of the VHTR is also greater than that of a MSR .
The attractive feature of this MSR fuel cycle is that the fission products has shorter-lived radioactivity .
Therefore I conclude that MSR has a better stand over the other reactors .
In the long run , there will be a shortage of non-renewable sources of energy that we are using .
This raises a need to apply new technology to create power , and building new nuclear reactors such as the very-high- temperature reactors would be a choice to consider .
Supporters of the new nuclear power plants claim that building new plants will provide unemployed people with job opportunities , both in the construction phase and operation phase .
However , building new power plants only provides workers with temporary works .
Moreover , the new generation reactors oblige skilled engineers to operate .
If the governments spend the funds on building nuclear power reactors , which , according to The U.S. Department of Energy 's Office of Nuclear Energy ( 2009 ) , is approximately US $ 70.0 million in Fiscal Year 2009 , to do research on agriculture or some other necessary matters , they could help decreasing famine and poverty and providing works for millions of people .
Although it is substantiable that smoke released from burning coal is the largest contributor to the human- made increase of CO2 in the air , there are still several unpolluted and renewable replacement such as solar , wind , and tidal energy .
They are free and environmental-friendly sources of energy that we can apply in the future .
One typical example is the Chernobyl accident in Ukraine in 1986 , resulted from a flawed reactor design .
Within 4 months , 28 people died from radiation or thermal burns ; another 19 have subsequently died , and there have been around 9 deaths from thyroid cancer apparently due to the accident .
As of 2004 , a total of 56 fatalities have been recorded ( World Nuclear Association , 2009 ) .
In a journal in 2004 , Butler showed that the radioactive waste of the very-high-temperature reactors is not recycled ; instead , it goes directly to the repository .
This raises such awareness that the waste may be leaked either inadvertently or purposefully , any of which would cause another disastrous catastrophe .
Nuclear energy is a promising source of energy that can replace the traditional power that we are using nowadays .
However , it is still in researching process , which means that many other problems comprising of health matters and the efficiency of the concept could arise before it can reach the final stage .
Hence , developing countries should first focus on dealing with poverty and unemployment before they can shift the funds on building new nuclear reactors .
Only when the issue is solved and the process of researching the generation IV reactors reaches a stable state should those countries channel the funding into developing the generation IV reactors .
Engineering psychology is defined as the analysis of how man behaves in the designing or constructing of equipment or man-made environments for better usage to meet the demands of its users .
On March 27 1977 at Los Rodeos airport , a massive shockwave shook the control towers as the airport witnessed the collision of 2 Boeing 747s , PA1736 and KLM4805 , taking the lives of 522 people .
However , in my opinion , the implementation of psychology can help to anticipate some events that led to the accident ; therefore allowing designers to prepare for such emergencies .
Still , designers failed to improve the airport to accommodate larger planes such as the Boeing 747 , even when was widely used at that point in time .
The use of psychology in this case can help designers to anticipate that the airport would eventually see a Boeing 747 and thus make the necessary preparations .
One step that can be taken would be to remove sharp 148- degree turns that the PA1736 , a 747 , would not be able to take .
One way to do so is by the implementation of psychology in the compilation of the radio convention .
Should proper psychology be used in the development of the phrasing convention initially , the pilot would not have executed take off before the clearance was given and hence preventing the accident .
It is the energy produced by fusion of atoms in the nucleus .
Infinite nuclear power is combining in the nucleus due to extremely strong force inside every atom in it .
From that atomic bomb was developed in the Alamogordo close to the desert on July 16 , 1945.The energy produced by nuclei explosion will cause a lot of heat .
Nuclear reactors are being built by the engineers who make and distribute out the nuclear energy .
That has to be relatively cheap , safe and that produces greater output efficiency .
The Generation IV International Forum ( GIF ) has been research in the six different types of nuclear reactor methods which they think that it will be the prospect way of producing nuclear energy .
Among this six reactor technologies , I am going to argue why people should make further research and development on one of the reactors called Supercritical-water-cooled reactors ( SCWR ) .
After the Three Mile Island Explosion people had a bad impact in production of nuclear energy since they have been suffered from the accident .
However in recent century according to the survey done by Nuclear Energy Institute on September 29 , 2008 it shows that 74 percent of American is supported for nuclear energy while 24 percent opposed .
In addition it did not produce carbon dioxide which can lead to global warming .
Then there are still technical problem in inventing the next generation of reactor .
That is why if researcher can overwhelm that problem , then new generation will have energy which is " clean , secure , plentiful , dependable , cost-effective , secure from terrorist attacks and proliferation resistant " .
In the article " Psychology and the Design Process " , Bernhard asserts that the accident at TMI was caused by the 'little understood interaction of factors ' from different system levels ; rather than a 'single component failure ' or technical error ( Bernhard 2007 ) .
In other words , should we have better understood this interaction of factors , and anticipated the possible errors during the design process ; we could actually prevent the accident at TMI from happening .
We assert that if these factors were more holistically considered , then the outcome could have been reversed .
Rather , " It was the subsequent series of baffling and contradictory information that made plant operators shut off the emergence water system that would have cooled the core ( Chana Gazit 1999 ) , turning the problem into a mishap .
However , due overwhelming possibilities for error , such introspection for potential sources of error is almost practically impossible during the design process .
This premise leads to their conclusion that nothing could have been done , on the part of psychology , to change the situation should things went wrong .
Such models were set to ensure that there is no chance for an accident to occur , and if it did , be quickly resolved before it becomes a catastrophe .
For a fact that such models were not considered during the design process at TMI , instead shows the lack of preparatory work from commitment ( Bernhard 2007 ) , one of Bernhard 's major areas of psychological consideration .
Now , one of the ways the use of psychology could have possibly prevented the accident at TMI would be if it had identified safer options during the design process ( Bernhard 2007 ) .
Should greater consideration be place on the designing of the valve to ensure accurate feedback ( and potential safety ) when the reactor core is not functioning as per normal , it can be argued that the problem would have been identified by then , and a meltdown would not have occurred then .
Moreover , it was evident that there was inadequate monitoring and evaluating of Implementations at TMI ( Bernhard 2007 ) .
According to the account provided by the World Nuclear association , the operators reduced the flow of replacement water because their training told them that the water level as the only indication of the amount of cooling water in the reactor .
This leads rise to the psychological concept of Schemas or a human 's collection of information and practiced evocation of knowledge , behavior or required action... ( Illinois 2008 ) .
From the above arguments , we can see that the considerations of psychology are much more than a convenient 'tag-along ' during both the design and execution process .
Hence , design considerations have to be constantly tied into the man-machine interface to ensure that both man and machine are at ease during operation and contingent when problems arise .
But in the meantime , we have definitely proven that the use of psychology is mandatory , and could definitely have prevented the TMI accident , had relevant safety considerations be made during its design process .
However , the further research and development of nuclear power plants could also raise widespread concern for human safety that results from worries about both massive radioactive releases due to power plant meltdown or terrorist attack and the access these nuclear reactors provide to the materials that can be used to make nuclear weapons .
In spite of the growing concern , the Supercritical-Water-cooled Reactor ( SCWR ) , representing advances in sustainability , economics , safety , reliability and proliferation-resistance ( Idaho National Laboratory , 2007 ) , is the proper concepts for further research and development .
On the hand , the cost-effectiveness is inconclusive .
In October 2008 , the cost of building one nuclear plant is estimated to be roughly S $ 9 billion .
Additionally , since the Supercritical-Water-cooled Reactor uses supercritical water as coolant , its design features considerable simplification by reducing the containment volume and eliminating the need for recirculation and jet pumps , pressurizer , steam generators , steam separators and dryers ( Idaho National Laboratory , 2007 ) .
Moreover , the simplified safety features of the Supercritical-Water-cooled Reactor are independent of all the sophisticated backup system or experienced operators .
Till date , there are 436 active nuclear power plants and they generate more than 370,221 Megawatts of electricity which constitute to 16 % of the world 's total energy consumption .
Therefore , I feel that we should allow further research and development funding for nuclear energy so that it can our future source of energy .
There are 6 new generation IV reactor concepts which have been developed : gas-cooled reactor ; lead-cooled reactor ; molten salt reactor ; sodium-cooled fast reactor and very-high-temperature reactor .
Similar concept has been tested out in Oarai , Japan and the test run was successful as it reached its operating goal of 950 Degree Celsius .
As the reactor operates at such a high temperature , it can be use to split hydrogen from water thermochemically .
Furthermore , terrorist attacks on nuclear plant will not be of great destruction as compared to the 911 incident .
The percentage of destruction on nuclear plant by a large aircraft being used to attack a nuclear facility with the purpose of releasing radioactive materials is close to zero .
However , workers need not worry about it as radiation doses are controlled by the use of remote handling equipment , physical shielding and limiting the time workers spend in nuclear plant .
( Ball , Roberts & Simpson , 1994 ) Therefore , we can say that nuclear plant is the safest to work in compared to other energy generation plants .
New equipments that will protect workers from radiation doses can be obtain through research and development .
The Bhopal nuclear incident which was due to worker 's carelessness has fear among people .
However , critics may argue that human error can not be avoided if human is involved in the process .
Therefore , we need research and developments to explore the possibility of computerize the operating process .
Cost and performance of nuclear plant is two of the main factors that people will look into before deciding whether to invest in it .
Cost will include the operating and maintenance cost and performance is determined by the amount of output energy it can achieve .
DOE Nuclear Energy Research Advisory Committee and the Generation IV International Forum on December 2002 , the estimated cost of building and maintaining VHTR nuclear plant is one of the lowest compared to the other generation IV reactor concepts .
The article also stated that the efficiency of VHTR exceeds fifty percent which is the highest among the six reactors .
We can not deny that the advantages of having VHTR are through years of research and development .
Therefore , we can not stop the research and development process if we want to continue to have a better energy source
As we traced the history of nuclear power since 1942 till today , we can see that there is a vast improvement in the field of nuclear energy in terms of global security , operational safety , automating the process , cost and performance .
We can not be contended with the result that we currently have .
One of the Generation IV concepts include sodium-cooled fast reactors .
However , opponents may argue that the funding for such reactors may not be useful as it is expensive to construct and the resources used in the funding of the nuclear reactors could be used to further enhance renewable resources currently available .
They also argue that nuclear reactors are not safe as there had been previous accidents in nuclear plants .
However , opponents might argue that resources could be diverted to research more into renewable resources .
However , research had been done and there was no potential into further improving the process of tapping renewable energy but there is potential in nuclear power and hence the funding is required to carry on .
Furthermore , the world today require more energy and the energy demand is not met with the existing renewable resources as they have their own limitations .
However the Prime Minister of Italy , Berlusconi , and the President of France , Nicolas Sarkozy , signed an agreement which states that that the both countries would work together to bring back nuclear power in Italy .
Initially , Italy had no back up energy source on its own and need to depend on other countries .
CITATION Ita09 \ l 1033 ( Italy , 2009 ) In fact , Italy had more than 80 % of its energy supplied by other countries CITATION nuc08 \ l 1033 ( Italy n. , 2008 ) .
If the country supplying power to Italy decides to stop importing power to it , Italy 's economy would come to a halt .
For example , citizens living in the village Banthara did not participate in the elections in India as they were upset over having little access to electricity CITATION Kam09 \ l 1033 ( Hajela , 2009 ) .
This would cause profit for the reactors .
The Massachusetts institute of technology reported that more than 40 percent of the greenhouse gases produced would be attributed to the burning of fossil fuels by 2020 CITATION Lau08 \ l 1033 ( Sullivan , 2008 ) .
The energy after the uranium is burnt in the fission process is used to vaporize water to produce steam which is then used to turn turbine to produce electricity CITATION Gab07 \ l 1033 ( Gache , 2007 ) .
Moreover , if power from six nuclear reactors is used in Australia instead of fossil fuels , the greenhouse emission in Australia alone would reduce by 4 % .
Hence , further research and funding is necessary for generation IV concepts as they help reduce the effect of global warming .
The generation IV reactors are not only safe to operate as they are machine operated , but also reduce greenhouse gases that the current energy sources produce .
Whenever people heard of the word " nuclear " , they usually associate this word with nuclear warfare , radiation emitted by nuclear and all the possible detrimental impacts that nuclear can cause ( Donald , 2004 ) .
People have this misconception because they think that nuclear is actually a very lethal " weapon " .
However , the public usually forgets the fact that nuclear can actually be a rich source of energy and is able to have a substantial effect on the reduction of cost and environmental pollution .
Moreover , with the advancement of technology , nuclear fission and waste disposal of nuclear can be assured of safety ( Partha , n.d ) .
This is much cheaper compared to using oil which cost 18 cents per KWh or using coal which cost about 4 cents per KWh ( Economics of Nuclear Power , 2009 ) .
However , for fossil fuels , the most optimistic estimate on the lasting for fossil fuels is about two hundred years ( Enzler , 1998 ) .
However , the US Department of Energy , just like France , has vowed to ensure the safe disposal of nuclear waste by transmuting problem components of nuclear fuel into less harmful components and buried it deep into the ground ( Nuclear Power and the Environment , n.d ) .
If we were to compare the amount of greenhouse gases and poisonous gases emitted by fossil fuels in contrast to nuclear energy when operating the reactors , there is an astonishing statistics showing the huge amount of harmful gases emitted by fossil fuel .
2249 pounds of carbon dioxide and thirteen pounds of sulphur dioxide is being produced in the production of 1MWh of electricity ( Nuclear Power and the Environment , n.d ) .
Comparing the amount of gases produced by fossil fuels and by nuclear power plant , the latter will definitely be the wise choice for energy purpose because it produces zero carbon dioxide and zero poisonous gases .
Only with the usage of nuclear reactor we are then able to claim the title of environmental friendly .
The fear of using nuclear reactors as a cover up for making nuclear bomb is even more prominent .
VHTR is designed in such a way that in the event of accident occurring , there will be a temperature control sensor to switch off the nuclear reactor automatically .
Security guards and camera can also be used to monitor the safety operation of nuclear power plant and ensure that the power plant is free from terrorists .
All the research and funding for the VHTR is definitely worth the money and effort with regards to the security issue of nuclear power plant ( Nuclear Energy Information Centre , 2006 ) .
There is definitely no question that producing an increased share of electric power using nuclear fuel in lieu of fossil fuel will reduce greenhouse gases emissions .
Furthermore , the cost of operating nuclear reactors is low in compared to fossil fuel power plant .
There is no doubt that more research and funding should be allocated to generation IV reactors , especially VHTR which opens a new arena for nuclear energy as VHTR incorporates the safety of nuclear reactors and also provides low cost of nuclear energy for users .
Firstly , for security reasons , opponents of the new reactors insist that terrorists could easily make nuclear reactor one of their targets .
However , one could question why did the terrorists not fly the plane into the twin reactors ?
In fact , the core of the present nuclear plants are already well protected by strong materials and there is a safety plan ( Goldstein , 23 September 2009 ) .
This causes citizens oppose strongly against the nuclear waste being stored near them .
Moreover the impact of global warming is growing and is of immediate concern to the world and nuclear power help solve the problem by reducing the emission of carbon dioxide by a total of 31,243 MtC in 2050 in France and Canada alone .
If the world do not cooperate to support VHTR or nuclear power , it is difficult to find an alternative that could produce energy that is clean and affordable in the long run .
As a result , the world might see an increasing number of casualties due to glebal warming .
In the recent years , oil prices have been soaring new heights and this reflects the high energy demands all over the world and the limited supply of fossil fuel .
This sounds the siren for us to find an effective source of alternative energy before the fossil fuel that we depend so much on runs out .
Since energy harvested from nuclear reactors are highly efficient and have low material cost , they are seen as a good source of alternative energy .
A nuclear reactor is very similar to a typical coal burning power plant where they heat water into pressurized steam which drives the turbine generator .
Only difference is the type of fuel used to heat up the water .
( Butler , 2004 ) But public opposition due to several factors such as terrorism , safety , renewability and environmental issues caused few reactors to be built over the past decade .
Although nuclear energy should not be seen as the only solution to depleting fossil fuel , due to its ability to generate huge amount of energy using small amount of resources , its development should be encourage .
Further research and development and funding for generation IV reactors such as the Molten Salt Reactor ( MSR ) have benefits outweighing the disadvantages it has in the aspects of security , cost and environmental concerns .
Another benefit that comes with this heighten security is the generation of more jobs helping to ease unemployment rate .
Also the containment structures of modern reactors were designed to effectively prevent the escape of radioactivity even if it sustained severe damages .
Also since a wind turbine or solar panel are more unlikely to be in a terrorist 's hit list than a nuclear plant , cost of maintaining security of them are relative less .
But in contrast to what many people would think , even a generation III reactor used today have structures that can sustain a plane crashing into it .
In addition , a MSR uses an integrated fuel cycle system where it uses its molten salts as its fuel as well as its coolant .
( Advanced Reactors , 2009 ) The construction of wind turbines and solar panels are very space consuming because of their low energy efficiency and they are unreliable as they are weather dependent .
( Gibson , 2007 ) Although nuclear reactors too need large area of land space , the great energy output it has compensated for it .
All the alternative energy mentioned are green compared to the burning of fossil fuels in terms of emission to environment .
Since the first generation of nuclear reactors , advancement in technology has greatly increased the fuel efficiency thus cutting down on the waste .
( Gen IV Reactors , 2009 ) Furthermore , MSR 's fuel doubles up as its coolant due to the good heat transportation properties of molten salts further reduce on the waste produced .
Due to the nature of MSR , its waste has lower amount of radioactivity , safer due to passive cooling up to any size and very low fuel usage .
There is certainly a need to find a replacement for the depleting fossil fuel and any feasible energy source could be a potential candidate .
All the possible should not be conveniently ignored .
Considering that the benefits nuclear energy brings outweigh the disadvantages , further research and development and funding should be done for more advance reactors that could be safer , more powerful and lower costing .
Nowadays , the energy shortage problem tends to be more serious as the demand for energy increases significantly , while most conventional energies are limited because of limited sources , especially oil and coals .
In such situation , the appearance of nuclear energy becomes so important , for the nuclear power has great advantages over other conventional energies .
For example , to produce same amount of energy , a nuclear power plant consumes much less fuel ( uranium fuel ) than that a normal coal-fired one consumes .
What 's else , the nuclear power plant almost does not release any greenhouse gases or exhaust gases .
Since the nuclear energy seems so perfect , it is a bit surprise that there are only 439 nuclear power plants around the world .
Why is it not so widely used like oil , even in the counties with the ability to deal with nuclear energy ?
The nuclear power reactor is a high hazard system that requires extremely high reliability and safety .
This kind of great disasters did happen in the history ( Three Mile Island and Chernobyl ) , and resulted in many people 's losing confidence on the nuclear energy .
Since 1986 when the Chernobyl accident happened , the America even has n't set up any new nuclear power plants .
In order to make full use of the advantages of nuclear energy , the primary task for the engineers is to improve the safety .
Every time before we try to improve , we should first find out what has gone wrong and where is the disfigurement .
About that disaster , some later investigations showed the design of the nuclear reactor existed defects and someone insisted that the causes were all about technical problems .
Actually if there was only the design defects , the final explosion was completely avoidable .
Most the investigators have come to a consensus that the primary cause for the Chernobyl is the failure of human management .
What 's worse , the makeup of the working team was not adequate , for they did n't have timely backup system .
All these small human errors came together and finally led the Chernobyl explosion happen .
However , some engineers hold the opinion that embed social psychology into the Engineering processes seems crazy and funny .
It is usually known that human factors mean the characteristic at the efficient and effective man-machine interface .
In their conservative view , they always care more about the how productive and reliable of the machines are and neglect to focus on the role of humans in safeguarding .
But from the previous analysis of the Chernobyl nuclear accidents , we can see that correct human actions are indispensable in preventing the disaster .
Indeed , the overall system 's reliability and safety in a nuclear power plant is more often dependent on humans instead of the machines Why is that ?
Once the equipments be put into use , the maximum reliability are already fixed .
In addition , in a hazard industrial plant , well-organized working team is also very necessary , which has orderly shifts system , immediate backup , and so on .
Without any of the above measures of human resource management , the reliability of the whole system will not be easy to be ensured .
Some conservatism may still oppose that " you insist human management is important .
On the contrary , focusing on improve the management in the engineering processes is already a way of applying social psychology .
In the high hazard industry like nuclear power plant , everyone should be responsible and devotional instead of automatically working under the management of the manager or chief engineer .
Applying psychology in engineering design processes is to let everyone work efficiently , such as set-up couches for psychotherapeutic sessions for the operators and staff , can reduce the stress of the workers who work for long time under high pressure and help them relax .
All in all , human errors are avoidable , and psychology in engineering is meant to reduce the risk of occurrence of nuclear industry failure caused by human errors .
Anyway , all the efforts done by the investigator and engineers are to make the nuclear power plants much safer and can be more widely used to meet the great demand of energy today .
Applying psychology provide us a new option to effectively improve nuclear industry 's safety and reliability .
I 'm confidence that with the help of psychology , the usage of nuclear power will have a brighter future .
16 % of the world 's electricity is supplied by nuclear power plants , and 30 % of the worlds fossil fuels are used to produce electricity .
A clean energy source like Nuclear power seems to be the ideal solution for the energy crisis .
However the scars left from the Chernobyl disaster and the Three Mile Island catastrophe has changed the public opinion on Nuclear reactors for the worse .
On April 26th 1986 , the Chernobyl nuclear reactor exploded , the whole town was evacuated and almost all of them never returned .
Around 30 people died and a several thousand were exposed to radiation .
This works in the favor of the VHTR , a scenario where a fast response is needed , the VHTR would be suitable and safer .
The SFR boasts a recycling system where 99.9 % of the actinides are recycled back to as fuels , such as plutonium and since the SFR is a closed fuel system , fuel can be used again in the system .
Unlike the SFR , the VHTR has no waste recycling system and hence It goes directly into the repository where the nuclear waste has a half life about a few centuries only ( research is currently going on to reduce the half life ) .
In addition nuclear waste is not plutonium , in the SFR the recycled plutonium could be a security threat .
This is coolant makes the VHTR significantly much safer since it makes its core highly stable and unreactive .
Even though the SFR has the above mentioned , it only has a thermal efficiency of less the 40 % whilst the VHTR has an efficiency of above 50 % .
Hydrogen is also a clean fuel ( does not emit and green house gasses when it is burned ) and also is an alternate fuel which could be used to power vehicles in the future .
The SFR , due to its relatively low operating temperature and pressure , is much cheaper when it comes to material cost and building , hence has a lower capital cost .
On the other hand the VHTR is more expensive to build ; materials have to withstand high temperatures as well as high pressures .
Though the capital cost of the VHTR is high the operational cost is comparatively less since the VHTR is highly efficient at higher temperature and hence is a good solution to get cheaper electricity .
Some may argue that the VHTR has too high a capital cost , a prototype would cost 1Billion US dollars , and hence it is expensive , but many countries have shown great interests in the development of the VHTR , and the cost of Research and Development , therefore will be split amongst several countries .
People are very performance orientated and yet safety and cost conscious .
Thus it is a common contradiction faced by most engineers nowadays .
People expect the new and upcoming Generation IV nuclear power plants to be efficient and at the same time expecting engineers and researchers to make it safer and cheaper .
Thus with this in mind , I would strongly advocate further research and development on the Very-high-temperature reactors ( VHTR ) as it suits the " requirements " of the public the most .
Firstly , the VHRT had an earlier expected delivery date than most other designs and that was the reason behind why I supported it .
In times like this where the price of fossil fuel and coal is sky rocketing , an earlier delivery date of 5 years for an efficient energy alternative is very crucial .
If the VHTR can be realized as soon as possible , public concerns about the hefty pricing on carbon tax and fossil fuel can then be addressed earlier .
Thus it translates to higher electrical production efficiency meaning that it can produce more electrical energy .
With hydrogen generation made possible , the VHTR can replace future coal fueled hydrogen production plants , taking over the role of supplying other hydrogen intensive industries and may also be able to generate hydrogen as a source of fuel .
Therefore the implementation of the VHTR can offer a wide range of solution to the fuel crisis that is currently troubling the public .
This includes extensive research on materials that can withstand high temperature , that are stronger and corrosion resistant .
It is also relatively safer than the rest of the Gen IV nuclear power plants as it uses an inert gas , helium as the coolant .
Nowadays , people are arguing about the research and development for the generation IV reactors .
There are many people support this while others do not .
The most heated argument is the how to ensure the safety of the operation of the nuclear reactors .
From my point of view , I agree with the continuous research and development on the Very-High-Temperature-Reactor ( VHTR ) , which is one of the generation IV concepts , because it is the technology that brings us solution .
Opponents of development of nuclear reactors claim that why we should put so much money and efforts on such a dangerous plant .
Safety is the factor that the most people worry about .
There are two nuclear power plant accidents in the history .
The Chernobyl accident caused a huge number of death and radiation-related health impacts .
In fact , the accident occurred because of the inappropriately operation of the nuclear power plant and the reactor was not placed in the well-protected area neither .
As it is well controlled , the releasing of radioactive gases was less than the particularly dangerous iodine-131 and no death caused .
Nowadays , when building a nuclear plant , the safety issue is considered .
If an accident occurred , it will still prevent the public from the impact of the accident .
Besides safety , the cost , performance and environmental issues are also popular in today 's argument .
A lot of money is also spent on developing these technologies which are still in experimental stage .
According to a recent report of nuclear plants ( European Nuclear Society , 2009 ) , until 24 September 2009 , there are 436 nuclear power plant units in 31 countries are in operation and 53 plants in 15 countries are under construction .
About 17 % of the world 's electricity came from nuclear plants .
It is obvious that spending more money on development of nuclear power is quite reasonable .
Moreover , the performance of a nuclear plant is very significant compared to conventional thermal power station .
Finally , under normal operation , nuclear power plants are environmental-friendly .
It has many advantages compare to the existing technology .
It enables an output temperature up to 1000oC unlike the existing reactors can only produce a heat temperature about 300oC ( Butler , 2004 ) .
VHTR is more than three times powerful to the existing reactors .
The safety characteristics of a helium-cooled , graphite-moderated core are taken by VHTR .
VHTR benefits from the high heat capacity and structural stability of the graphite together with the single phase and inert of the Helium coolant .
The fuel allows high burn-up and remains fission as the characteristics of the cooled uranium-oxycarbide .
The high operating temperature of core in the VHTR allows emissions-free process .
We have strong evidence to show that with the improvement of technology , the concerns about operation of nuclear plants will fade away .
It is clean and high efficient .
In conclusion , the generation IV reactor concept brings new stage to the development of nuclear power .
It provides high-efficiency operation ; produces not only heat but also hydrogen productions ; has lower risk ; offers enhanced waste minimization .
With all these advantages , the generation IV reactors will be one of the best solutions to the world 's energy shortage conjuncture .
Thus they have no doubt on the robots and feel uneasy during the surgery with no human present .
Thus , some people prefer surgery done by surgeon as they believe such surgery will have lower risk level .
However , this is not true and in fact , robotic surgery has a relative low risk level than conventional surgery .
In this way , the safety of the patients is not more an issue .
Thus , even the cost of robotic surgery is relatively higher than conventional surgery ; most people believe that the money is worthy spent .
Last but not least , people may concern about the efficiency of robotic surgery .
There are doubts about whether the surgeons will be able to perform robotic surgeries effectively .
This concern is reasonable because if the surgeon is not familiar with the system , he may take longer time for the surgery and thus create a risk .
Professional engineers and foreign experts are invited to train the local surgeons with certain hours of practicing to ensure the surgeons are fully familiar with the system and will be able to perform in real situation .
This is beneficial especially in case of Singapore as there are limited skilled assistants available in hospital .
Also , with the help of robots , the fatigue of the surgeon will reduce as most work is done by robot and time taken for each surgery is generally shortened .
Until today , opponents of nuclear power have argued on the potential dangers which might cause by nuclear reactors in the light of major engineering accidents such as partial rector meltdown at Three Mile Island and the explosion of reactor core at Chernobyl in Ukraine .
Under the concept of SCWR , Butler ( 2004 ) also states that SCWR have simple safety features that do not depend on well-trained operators and complex backup systems .
Opponents of nuclear energy might argue that the radioactive waste which will be produced by the nuclear reactors is susceptible to accidents due to human intervention .
However , researchers could only suggest better solutions for the nuclear plants to produce less radioactive waste but not to the extent of eliminating radioactive waste till today .
Military protection in nuclear plants is another factor that should be considered in the security of the nuclear plants .
With strong ground and air defence within the nuclear reactors , the plants would be well-protected and could deter any forms of terrorist threats .
It has been popularly argued that the the performance of SWCR could play a major factor in the financial contribution for the development of SWCR .
According to Butler ( 2004 ) , if the concept of SCWR is successful , it could compete with other elements such as coals and gases in terms of the prices in producing electricity .
However , Heber ( 2008 ) has explained that fact of the slow process in the new designs of SWCR is due to the great emphasize over the overall safety performances of the nuclear plants .
With the implementation of SCWR , they could tackle some of environmental issues faced by modern man today and in the near future .
Similarly , Schiermeier ( 2009 ) explains the fact that the nuclear energy is seen as an important alternative source of energy with the growing concern of global warming from the over-reliance of fossil fuel and the future energy security .
Critics may argue that the environmental effects caused by the nuclear accidents are dangerous and harmful .
The land at the nuclear accident site would eventually transform into a wasteland .
Nevertheless , with the ongoing research and development in the Generation IV reactors designs , it could ensure the environmental effects caused by any nuclear accident by new reactors will be minimal compared to Chernobyl incidents .
In the long run , the development of SWCR could also provide solutions to the environmental issues Ultimately , mankind need to accept new technology confidently and ethnically that might bring about unexpected improvements to the world .
After investigation , it was found that someone deliberately added water into the storage tank of the highly reactive MIC , causing a runaway reaction , pressure built up and caused large volume of toxic gas to escape and intoxicate the area .
2007 ) , the article defines design as a strategy allowing the final product to meet the user requirements in many different areas and accidents usually occurs when there are miscommunications , inadequate organization or errors contributed by individuals .
Bernhard suggests idea of adopting psychology during the design phase of a project , because engineers are humans and humans are prone to mistakes .
It can be use as a reminder to engineers if there are any areas neglected during the process , allowing better communication to take place within the team and reduces the possibility of problems arising from miscommunication or individual 's action .
Also , instead of having the traditional feedback controls of safety , use of psychology predicts the consequences of having mistakes in design and take corrective actions immediately , this will greatly reduce the probability of accidents occurring due to design errors .
Adopting psychology in the initial or design phase of the project seems to benefit in short term , however , it may not be beneficial in the long term .
This is because most of the design changes over time due to expansion , maintenance and more .
In most cases , the root cause of accidents is due to human errors example operational error ( BI-ME , 2009 ) and usually arises during operation instead of the designing phase .
For example , the Bhopal incident occurs due to lack of maintenance work for the plant and the workers neglected the importance of the safety in plant operations .
The main cause of accident is due to a worker 's mistake of adding water to MIC causing a runaway reaction .
Thus , implementing psychology in the design does not help , regardless how well the plant is constructed or having many safety devices installed , as long as the operators neglect the importance of working safely , possibility of accidents occurring is definite .
Psychology can be use in areas to promote safety within workers or reinforce the importance of it .
In the case of Bhopal incident , the plant manger should have immediately rectified the problem like failure of safety device systems .
It was later discovered that the storage tank alarm system has not been working for four years and flare system is down for five months ( E.Ingrid , 2004 ) Therefore , if a superintendent of a company shows no concern about safety , it is very likely that workers will take on the similar stand in long run .
In spite of having detailed and careful design , if the company decided to cut edges especially in safety , it is very likely that accidents can still occur .
In current engineering practices , a method has already been use to update and reinforce safety , known as Hazard and Operability studies or HAZOP .
HAZOP is conducted every 3 years ( varies with different company ) and it is used to update the design of the plant or equipment in case of any changes .
It allows the representative from different departments to collaborate and discuss the best possible solution to enhance safety in the plant .
Hence , psychology in design phase maybe unnecessary and replaced by a set of regulations obliged by the company .
In conclusion , adopting psychology does have benefits in the initial phase , as it reduces accidents arise from design errors .
However , the usage maybe limited to the design phase , as root causes like operation error , human behavior and company 's stand are common causes for accidents .
Thus , psychology maybe use in areas like promoting safety issues among the workers , reduce the behavior of bad practices in workplace and enhancing the communication between the different departments .
World Resources Institute showed that transportation sector contributed 13.5 % of the total greenhouse gas emission .
Today , scientists are studying on " smart airbags " which can tell the size of a person in the seat and how fast the airbag inflates , so as to minimize injuries [ 7 ] .
So , what is the reason airbags can not be accepted as a safety device in solar cars too ?
In recent studies , airbag deployment with or without seat belt used , has shown to decrease the risk of head , thorax and spine injuries [ 10 ] .
The challenger accident , happened on the morning of January 28 , 1986 , was a rooted accident in history for its catastrophic consequence and the great depression it brought to people .
The Orbiter challenger , the launch of the 25the space shuttle into space , was also well-known as the first time that a school teach had the chance to go into space .
However , only after seventy three seconds into flight , the Challenger exploded and all seven of its crew were lost .
Some expert ( Robert E. , 1997 ) claimed that the challenger accident was mainly caused by the mechanical failure due to the flaw of the original design .
In my opinion , deficiency in psychology guidance were the main causes , as the accident would be prevented if decision makers act more rationally and the concerns of engineers from { Morton Thiokol } [ HYPERLINK : http : //en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Morton_Thiokol ] and Rockwell International were recognized .
From the mechanical point of view , the direct cause for the explosion was " the failure of the right solid rocket booster aft joint sealing , most likely because of the extremely cold temperature in the morning .
" ( Dick , 1986 ) Data and reviews also showed that there were actually essential design flaws of the Challenger , especially lying in the fact that the O-rings in the SRB could not seal the joint when it was very cold .
Despite the technological deficiency doomed that the challenger was not safe to launch , psychology could be implemented to stop the disaster from happening .
Before the launch of the challenger , what concerned the chief managers most were the preceding 24 successful space shuttle launch .
If the managers handled the pressure well , rechecked and tested the challenger carefully and decided not to launch the challenger until every safety concern was eliminated ; the challenger accident could have been prevented .
( Website ) Unfortunately , even though the engineers told the supervisors of Morton Thiokol this potential failure , their concern did not draw the full attention of the supervisors .
However , what they would get was precious time , and they would detect the problem and cancel the launch instead of just delaying it .
Meanwhile , some engineers at Rockwell International also noticed that a significant amount of ice built up on the fixed service structure that stood beside the shuttle .
To sum up , even though the Challenger was designed with some serious flaw and destined to fail in such a cold environment , appropriate psychology could still be implemented to prevent the accident from happening , as long as decision of the launch was made with surety and the potential dangers found by the engineers were cleared up .
And not just in that case , the use of psychology should always be marked as a necessity in future engineering designs to enhance safety .
The Chernobyl accident in 1986 and Three Mile Island in 1979 had led to serious concerns about the safety of Nuclear power plant .
This indicates that the public support has declined in the recent years .
One of the main reasons of the decline is due to the fact that the nuclear power plant might cause dangerous consequences when it malfunctions , due to its unstable nature .
Actually , Nuclear power plants emit one hundredth times less greenhouse gases as compared to coal or gas power plants .
The cost of Uranium Ore is a very small portion of the operating cost of a Nuclear power plant .
Fourth Generation Nuclear plants can fully utilize all the energy in Natural Uranium .
The amount of uranium accessible on Earth is able to support fourth generation nuclear power plants for hundred of centuries .
Secondly , Coal which is believed to be responsible for more quotidian problems such as acid rain and greenhouse gases emission .
In fact , the wastes produced by coal powered plants are 100 times more radioactive than a nuclear power plant generating similar amounts of energy .
The introduction of fourth generation nuclear power plant allows a new way of disposal of nuclear waste .
VHTR not only solves the nuclear waste problem and current wastes are of very valuable source of energy to power VHTR as it can burn plutonium , neptunium and other materials that Generation II and III reactors left behind ( Smith , 2009 ) .
Generation III reactors are built within a double concealment which will protect the reactor even the outer layer is penetrated .
Furthermore Generation IV reactors use different fuels and coolants than previous generators that are built to be more efficient in absorbing heat through using better coolants , with improved circulation and larger containment structures .
Lastly , the cost of building nuclear power plants has greatly reduced over the years .
Current reactors will still be usable for a long time thus the construction cost will be spread over the years .
Current Generation III reactors are around $ 2000 per KW which is lower than $ 2300 per KW for coal power plant .
From the first nuclear reactor plant was built in Obninsk , a city in Russia , in 1954 .
The debate on whether we should use the nuclear energy has never been cooled down .
The catastrophic nuclear accidents such as three mile island event and Chernobyl accident put a shadow into people 's eyes .
Beginning in 2000 , ten countries including US , UK , Canada , France , Brazil , Japan and so on started to cooperate in the research on a future generation of nuclear energy system , known as Generation 4 .
After two years ' great effort they came out a concrete and significant report about Generation 4 reactor concepts .
In this report the concepts of very-high-temperature-reactor ( VHTR ) are attention-getting because the new features of VHTR will greatly improve nuclear energy 's popularity , thus resetting opponents ' conservative views .
One of the main opposing views is that nuclear energy has big potential safety hazard because once nuclear leakage happens people 's health and the environment will be seriously threatened ( Cohen ) .
So a small inducement can cause huge disaster .
As VHTR has this important feature , disastrous event can be efficiently avoided and the prevention does not depend on sophisticated backup systems or experienced operators any more .
So we do not need to worry big catastrophes like Chernobyl accident will repeat again .
Opponents were not satisfied with the performance of the nuclear reactor because The efficiency of current LWRs is 33 % and heat engines 20 % to 30 % .
( Lozanova , 2008 ) Now the situation has been changed .
At this high temperature the rate of the reaction will dramatically increase and much more energy will be released from the same amount fuel .
Another great benefit under the extremely high temperature reactors can be used to split hydrogen from water thermochemically .
This feature makes VHTR outstanding from all the reactors .
The opponents thought that it was not worthy to generate electricity by nuclear energy because the cost of building nuclear power plants will be an astronomical figure .
Second , research has been done to extend the tenure of use of the facilities .
Third , the traditional energy like coal and petroleum are getting more expensive because they are non-renewable-resources and will be exhausted one day .
In the contrast with the development of the nuclear technology and application of nuclear energy on a large scale , the efficiency of nuclear reactors will be improved gradually and the price of nuclear energy will decrease .
The above three points prove that it is worth to build VHTRs because it will pay back in the long run .
Through taking a look at the current energy situation and analyzing the special advantages of VHTR , the Generation 4 nuclear reactor , it should be evident that VHTR concept is advanced and VHTR will gear to actual circumstances .
The three outstanding characters of VHTR are passive safety , high efficiency and having byproduct hydrogen .
These distinctive features are significant in the nuclear industry because they can avoid miserable nuclear accidents , raise the efficiency of nuclear reactor to a new peak and decrease the cost of nuclear industry .
" ( Our Energy , 2007 ) Without the public fear and reluctance to accept nuclear power , the world may now be enjoying the abundant electricity and accelerating economic growth , especially in some developing countries like India and China .
As expected , every possible ways of generating energy is under research .
However , only nuclear reactors can generate electricity at high efficiency and is viable for long period of time .
Therefore , it is obvious that nuclear power will be undergone immense research and development .
Amongst the six most probable concepts at present stage , the Super-Water-Cooled Reactor ( SCWR ) is relatively the most suitable and worth extensive research , after comparing its properties with the other five .
First issue concerned is the performance of reactors .
To maximize level of energy output , it seems that the Very-High-Temperature Reactor ( VHTR ) , which could achieve 50 % efficiency level when deployed , is a better choice .
Furthermore , the disparity between the two efficiencies is not huge .
This is attributed to the existing light water reactor technology which SCWR is developing upon .
On the other hand , the electric efficiency of a conventional thermal power station , considered as saleable energy , is typically 33 % to 48 % efficient .
Hence , it is reasonable to further develop SCWR system , since its overall performance excels .
Opponents also claim that constructing nuclear power reactor is a huge capital-intensive project , which requires intensive investment of money and research .
After the deployment of nuclear plant , more funds are needed for insurance coverage , maintenance and labor .
If the ratio of energy output and all inputs is considered , the rate of return of SCWR is faster than the others , not mentioning the low price of the electricity when the design is successful .
Moreover , comparing with the other five ideas which use inert gas , liquid compound or metal as coolants , water is much easily accessed and present in relative abundance .
Thus , the manufacturing process of coolant is simpler for SCWR , and also cheaper .
This saves a lot of experiments and provides information for scientists .
The final design proposed a reduction in the size of the reactor coolant pumps , piping , and associated equipment .
Opponent views are that the very high pressure SCWR required may impose risks , which is indeed a realistic concern .
It is greatly simplified after discarding away the step of steam-water conversion .
It reduces the probability of making mistakes and level of seriousness of accidents .
It is hardly , as what many nuclear research associations have asserted , to have a second Chernobyl incident .
This feature limited the extent of its nuclear pollution which leads to health problems like birth defective .
Hence , although there are inevitable risks that we have to bear for every type of design , we can still choose appropriately the one that can minimize this risk .
In conclusion , SCWR reactor is more perfect in the aspects of performance , cost and safety .
As nuclear energy is taking over the world , the development on SCWR will be the step stone and lead us to a " new dawn "
Nuclear technology has always been a controversial issue , with much public opposition arguing their concerns , such as high cost , security problems and safety issues .
Researchers had proposed new generation IV reactors , which is targeted at answering these pressing concerns .
An example is the Very High Temperature Reactor ( VHTR ) which boasts a super helium coolant which is much more effective than water , and yet it is both inert and unreactive ( Teri Ehresman , 2009 ) .
With human population rising at an exponential rate , peaking at an estimated 9.1 billion in 2050 , energy consumption is too expected to rise proportionally .
Nuclear is definitely a viable option that can meet this demand .
As nuclear technology is known for its vast and massive destruction , much policies and measures are taken to ensure that this nuclear technology does not fall into the wrong hands .
Many had also argued that terrorists were able to collect these by-products and use them as a weapon .
All these measures taken will deem the by-products safe from terrorist 's reach .
It is clear that nuclear technology is the best alternative to the current fossil consumption as it produces a relative larger amount of energy .
With the global growth in population and economy , energies needed for either manufacturing industries or home appliances are increasing , hence developing nuclear power becomes an important issue .
Among the six generation IV reactors , compared to other similar reactors which are able to generate both electricity and hydrogen power , the Lead-cooled fast reactor requires relatively lower temperature and low pressure with the support of recycling of the waste .
Although a large scale of energy can be obtained by generating nuclear power , there are criticizing views over the use of it in terms of safety concerns and environmental pollutions .
Hence , nuclear energy is definitely a safe and reasonable approach to solve the problem of producing enough energy currently and also for the future needs .
Firstly , the critics claim that the operation of nuclear plant is dangerous because of the only one accident happened in Chernobyl in history .
The radioactivity escaped from one overheated core into the atmosphere , and caused 28 people to die , 134 people to sick and about 70 cases of thyroid cancer in children .
However , such an accident will not happen again , that is because nowadays all nuclear reactors that are currently in operation worldwide are placed inside a containment building .
The containment building helps to keep the radiation inside in the case of the faulty operation of the reactor .
Its ability to prevent the leak of radiation was proved in 1979 , at Three Mile Island , the reactor core meltdown .
It should have cause major impact to people living there , but in fact , no injuries or deaths occurred because of the presence of the containment building .
If talking about the accidents , coal mining is more dangerous , 100 miners are dead per year in the U.S and other 100 die in transporting it .
Secondly , from an environmental standpoint , the opposing views think that the life-cycle emissions of the nuclear energy are the great pollutants .
Furthermore , in fact 15 % electricity globally which generated by nuclear power greatly reduces the amounts of carbon dioxide emitted into the atmosphere every year by 2.1 billion tonnes ( Position Paper , n.d ) .
About 4.8 million tonnes of sulphur dioxide and 2.6 million tones of nitrogen oxides are avoided each year in European countries ( Position Paper , n.d ) .
Thirdly , people oppose the development of nuclear power due to the problem of long termed radiation influence caused by nuclear wastes .
Several physicists in Germany claim to find out a way to speed up the decay process of radioactive waste on timescales of a few tens of years and make it harmless .
Same goes for the discovery of Nuclear Solution inc. , its president and CEO Dr. Paul M. Brown claims that they have a technology to make the nuclear waste a safe energy by burning it .
( Spirit of Ma'at Online Magazine Feb 2002 ) .The six generation lead-cool fast reactor also provides a function of waste recycling to handle the waste , this will again ease the work of disposing the waste ( Butler .
To sum up , nuclear energy is safe to develop and use with the continuing evolution of the nuclear plants and reactors , and it is also an emission- free energy source which can significantly reduced carbon dioxide gas and acid rains .
The waste produced by it can be recycled and reused to reduce the radiation influence to the environment and our society , as a result , cost will be also reduced in total .
In conclusion , in my opinion nuclear energy can be used to solve the problem of increasing energy demand in various industries , because it is safe to both human being and environment , and it is capable to provide relatively larger amounts of energy than other sources .
( Wilpert , 2007 ) They claim that human actions , which tightly related to psychology , play a major role in the process of design .
In their point of view , psychology is not the deciding factor of the design process , and it is certainly not only the design process that contributes to the accident .
As far as am concerned , the use of psychology may help prevent the tragedy , but it 's far from enough .
Rather , developing high technology and taking proper safety precaution when the accident happened are more important .
Design engineers can make mistake .
Their design errors eventually would result in the malfunction of the products , thus cause accidents .
They claim that the engineers were being unprofessional ( Eschede , n.d. ) , because the engineers were concerning more about the interior facilities of the train .
Passengers could enjoy the radio , the newspaper as well as refreshment , including wonderful meals provided from the luxurious dinning car .
The design engineers were said to put so much effort into these trivial factors rather than the safety concern .
In fact , over the years ICE expanded throughout Germany , the safety record was perfect .
They are unprotected by any form of crash barrier .
The train , ICE , did have adequate protection system as well as warning system .
( NASA , 2007 ) Passengers would have pulled the emergency break to stop the train as soon as they witness the wheel failure .
In face , one passenger sensed something is wrong , and tried to remind the driver of the hazard .
Technology at that time limited the designing of ICE , thus caused the design failure .
In fact , despite the fact that reprocessing and research cost too much money , the molten salt reactor is profitable in a long term and it is economy compared to other reactors .
All these can compensate part expense on the reprocessing and research .
With less fuels , it produces electricity and hydrogen four to six times greater than high temperature reactors do ( " Generation IV nuclear reactor , " 2009 ) .
With the demand for energy increasing , it is urgent to find an economy and efficient energy source .
As the developing countries build more factories and cities throughout the years , the global energies consumption is rapidly increasing over the years .
This is a concern as at the rate countries are consuming energies it is a matter of time before the earth run out of natural resources .
Countries are spending large amount of money to develop the Generation IV reactors to meet the demand of energy consumptions .
The objectives of Generation IV reactors are to improve safety features , minimise waste output and to decrease the construction and operating cost of nuclear reactors .
Although there are many risk hazard involving the VHTR , it is still one of the most promising model , many countries are keen on adopting this model as the future reactor .
One of the most practical issues concern is the cost .
Countries want to build reactors that are cheap in cost and that are efficient in producing electricity and hydrogen gases .
The molten salt is preferred as it operation system is less complicated which means that it is cheaper to construct and it does not need to run on very high temperature or pressure .
However , in term of the overall development cost , the Very High temperature Reactors is still much cheaper than the Molten Salt reactor .
This is so as the VHTR is simply the upgrading of existing high temperature reactors while the MSR is a relative new technology .
Hence VHTR need less testing and less time to develop whereas extensive testing is required for the MSR .
In term of efficiency , there is criticism regarding the high fuel burn up and the need to periodically change the graphite core .
The initial design of the VHTR also does not allow the system to produce electricity directly as modification are required to be make to the plant to achieve generation of electricity .
Whereas for the MSR it is considered a better choice as it is safer to operate at lower pressure and temperature .
The efficiency of the MSR will improves in the near future as scientists are working to increase the output of hydrogen and electricity ( NERAC ) .
Despite the negative points of the VHTR , it is still way ahead of the MSR and all other generation IV models , only VHR has an efficiency of more than fifty percent .
Not only it produces more electricity , the high temperature generated is actually not useless .
This is due to the fact that the VHTR runs on very high temperature and it will have a higher chance of failure of parts due to creep .
For VHTR the safety features are manned manually by safety officers and it is not as reliable as human will make mistake .
Then for the MSR about 200 million dollars were spent on safety testing .
In conclusion , the VHTR is still one of the better choices when compared to the MSR .
This is so as it will be ready in the year 2025 , five years earlier than the MSR .
With the operation of the VHTR five years ahead , the revenue generate by the VHR will provide more funds for further research and improvement .
Then in term of efficiency it is ahead of the MSR and there is no guarantee that after intensive research the efficiency will improve .
Hence VHTR has the potential to be the main provider of electricity of the future .
In 2000 , The Generation IV International Forum ( GIF ) , an international collective representing government of 13 countries , was initiated .
Scientists from these countries cooperate to get the development of the next generation of nuclear technology , the Generation IV Nuclear Reactor ( World Nuclear Association , 2008 ) .
In my point of view , among all the six reactors , the Sodium-cooled fast reactor ( SFR ) is the one should be chosen as one of the prototypes .
The generation IV SFR is a new concept which is safe not only when it operates for electric producing , but also when it meets the problem of nuclear weapons and the terrorism attack .
Many people think that comparing with traditional ways of producing electricity , using nuclear reactor is not safe .
In fact , the SFR is a very safe nuclear reactor operating under low pressure , at low temperature as well .
The operating temperature of the SFR ranges from 500 to 550 , one of the two reactors with the lowest temperature among all the six together with Supercritical-water-cooled reactor .
Moreover the sodium-cooled technique was started to use since the year 1951 .
Scientists from Japan also concerned about the chemical reaction between sodium and water .
Nuclear weapon and terrorism are always sensitive topics to both government and ordinary people .
New design for SRF is likely to have all the neutron action in the core .
Yes , this is a drawback of the SFR ; however , scientists are working hard on it to find out the way to reduce the capital cost of the SFR and they have already received some achievements .
On November 27-28 , 2006 , Mr. Kazuo Mukai , from the Advanced Nuclear System Research and Development Directorate Japan Atomic Energy Agency ( JAEA ) , had an international seminar on " Coolants and Innovative Reactor Technologies " in Cadarache which is a research center for nuclear energy in France .
In this seminar he talked about the JSFR and the achievements Japanese scientists got to reduce the cost of the SFR .
Kazuo ( 2006 ) said that by adopting high chromium steel with higher strength and lower thermal expansion , the capacity of the heat exchangers and the heat exchangers and the flow rate in the pipe got enlarged , so that the piping could be shortened and the loop number also got reduced .
This is just an example of the received achievements .
The research is still undergoing and scientists have confidence that they will have more findings in the future .
The advanced technology of the SFR will benefit people all around the world in the not far future .
The Chernobyl disaster was one of the worst engineering accidents ever happened in history .
People usually say that mistakes are inevitable and nuclear is in fact extremely dangerous so that working with it will always involve a high chance of accidents .
Including psychological factors consideration during the design process is found to be one of the ways to improve safety which might have prevented the Chernobyl incident .
I agree to the point that human can make mistakes .
The problem lies on the behavior of the plant operators .
In this way , they will be more careful in doing their task and as a result able to avoid making mistakes .
Opponents also state that nuclear power is indeed dangerous for that reason , it is impossible not to have accident while working with it .
Accident is a situation when there is a failure in the interaction between man and machine ( Stoop , 1995 ) .
Most of the times , while designing a system , engineers are likely to overestimate the ability of the user ( Wilpert , 2007 ) .
Instead of following the safety procedure , the plant operators even blocked the reactor 's protection system ( making it impossible for automatic shut down ) in order to keep the test running ( Onisawa and Nishiwaki , 1988 ) .
Since man and machines are equally important to achieve safety in design , psychologists ' role is to concern about the human resources which are usually neglected by engineers .
If both machines and man are well designed , safety will definitely improve and the possibility of accidents will be reduced .
Without considering psychological factors , there is a big possibility that there will be a bad interaction between man and machine which will then results in an accident such as Chernobyl 's .
Therefore , psychological factors play an important role in reducing the possibility of accident as well as improving the system 's safety .
Also , use of psychology could counter the underestimation of the number of errors that will form inevitably .
Opponents argue that the use of psychology would not be useful as the chief cause for the accident is the lack of knowledge of the operators .
They might have been trained to operate but do not understand the principles behind it .
Psychology or the employment of psychologists to assist the design process would thus be futile .
This concept is evident when accounts of the accident reviewed that the operator indifferently disregarded safety protocols .
Hence , designers could have could have brought in psychologists to evaluate the design to inhibit such unauthorized practices and to ensure the safety standards are kept high .
According to Wilpert ( 2007 ) , the design process encompasses both social science and the engineering .
This element is the consensual agreement that errors can occur anywhere and every stage in should be treated meticulously .
Therefore , psychology could be used in the design process and perhaps have minimized the possibilities of accidents .
To sum up , use of psychology could have been used in some phases of the design process .
Since the introduction of nuclear-powered generators , public opposition was one of the reasons why only limited nuclear reactors have been built in the past .
Their concern arose because of a few incidents that have happened in the past which includes a partial reactor meltdown in 1979 at Three Mile Island , Pennsylvania and also the 1986 accident at Chernobyl in Ukraine , which the reactor core exploded and caused the death of 31 people and spewed radioactive debris across Europe ( Butler , 2004 ) .
Nevertheless , the first reason that the public is concerned over the funding of generation IV nuclear reactors is that the nuclear reactors will not reduce the greenhouse-gas emissions as compared to natural gas and oil use ( Nature , 2008 ) .
However , this is not the case as there are countries constructing nuclear reactors because it can indeed improve the environment .
According to Ruth ( 2009 ) , medical isotopes used in the cancer research can be supplied using accelerators instead of nuclear reactors as it is a safer and cheaper method .
However , nuclear reactors should continue to be used to supply the medical isotopes as it can produce the isotopes much faster than the accelerators .
Furthermore , the idea of accelerators to supply the medical isotopes has still not been put to practical use as it still requires further research and development unlike the nuclear reactors , which is already vastly used in medical researches .
This can be shown as many researchers were lamenting on the shutdown of the nuclear reactor located in chalk river , Ontario , and their medical research has to be put to a halt ( Nature , 2008 ) .
The last concern from the public opposition is that nuclear reactors are not safe enough to be built as they are under-designed for earthquakes as the earthquake in Japan killed at least 9 , injured 1000 and caused the evacuation of further 10,000 people and sparked a fire and caused radiation- contaminated water from the nuclear reactor to spill into the sea ( Nature , 2007 ) .
To wrap up , I believe that the new generation IV reactors such as SCWR is nothing like their previous generation of nuclear reactors because technology is constantly improving each day to make the nuclear reactors safer to be built .
Thus , the public opposition should look at the new generation IV reactors in a different light and not just based on some of the incidents that had happened in the past .
All of which have improved safety precautions and higher security levels to ensure the safety of the public .
In addition , the new SFR will be equipped with better coolant system to prevent a reactor meltdown and stronger containment structures to guard against terrorist attacks ( Smith , 2009 ) .
Thus , less research will be required for the SFR , which also means that the research cost will be reduced .
Furthermore , by choosing the SFR 's proven method of cooling the nuclear core , it removes the uncertainties of using new and untested technology which are present in the other reactors .
The SFR is also chosen by the United States as their front runner for generation IV fast reactors due to its strong technology basis ( US DOE/NE 2006 ) .
On top of its technological readiness , the SFR is designed for high efficiency as well .
It recycles nuclear fuel through a process whereby a group of chemical elements called actinides is produced .
Plutonium is also included in this group and it can be used for production of nuclear weapons .
Therefore , to ensure the nuclear non-proliferation , the SFR is designed such that the plutonium can not be extracted from the nuclear core .
The SFR will also be using spent thermal reactor fuel from other older nuclear reactors as its initial fuel ( US DOE NERAC/GIF 2002 ) .
All these designs will lead to a more efficient usage of the nuclear fuel and it also helps solve the current problem of the disposal of nuclear wastes .
The truth is , we will one day run out of fossil fuels , hence , we must plan ahead and look for other sources of energy .
Nuclear power plants maybe hazardous , but the new SFR boosts many new safeguards .
Nuclear Power has been a controversial issue ever since the atomic bombings of Hiroshima and Nagasaki during World War II .
Over the years , Nuclear power has evolved with the help of technological advancement .
Today , scientists have gone a further step in developing what we know as the Fourth Generation Reactors .
Firstly , the cost of operating and starting cost of a VHTR is truly subjective .
Naturally , The public would have an impression that VHTR would be much more expensive , comparatively to renewable energy such as solar and wind .
Barry ( 2009 ) cites that the capital cost of building a solar plant is 25 times more than nuclear plant and the land area solar plant occupies is 400 times more than nuclear plant .
In addition , building of VHTR will boost the economy as it creates job opportunities in the areas surrounding the power plant .
However in VHTR , plutonium are spiked with heat producing and radioactive elements ( Butler , 2004 ) .
These elements cause the plutonium waste to increase in temperature such that it is too hot to handle and therefore prevent anyone from stealing them .
In the VHTR , heat resistant materials are used to build the nuclear reactor so that the heat is carefully contained .
For example , helium is used as a cooling agent in VHTR as helium is an inert gas and does not provide and hazardous effect .
It is known that these radioactive wastes have very long live shelf and will not decay until a few hundred years later .
However , in VHTR , an additional processing step is taken to shorten the live span of the wastes and these wastes are carefully contained .
Compared to other solar plants , nuclear plants actually produce less carbon dioxide .
Barry ( 2009 ) writes that solar plants produce 25times more carbon dioxide than nuclear plants .
In conclusion , VHTR is much safer , more environmental friendly , more efficient and is much cheaper .
Hence , we should abandon those pessimistic views on nuclear power and embrace this new source of power .
Nuclear energy has been a hot topic since several decades age .
It is clear and powerful .
As Declan Butler ( 2004 ) said that nuclear energy is not a source of carbon dioxide , and with the emissions of the green-house gas now soaring , and the energy demands predicted to double by 2050 , the nuclear option is a finding its way back onto the table .
Besides , nuclear reactors are great power output of electricity and hydrogen .
However , some opposing controversies appear .
Because of its safety , no waste and powerful output , I support further research and development funding for it .
With memories of the partial reactor meltdown in 1979 at Three Mile Island , Pennsylvania , and of the 1986 accident at Chernobyl in Ukraine , during which the reactor core exploded , killing some 31 people immediately and spewing radioactive debris across Europe , the public consider nuclear reactors as something extremely dangerous and imperils their lives .
However , sodium-cooled fast reactors are rather safe because they can react under relatively low temperature of 550 degrees in contrast with the above 700 degrees of other reactors ; it also reacts under low pressure .
The low temperature and pressure lower the demands of the equipment and the conditions of the reaction ; as a result , the reactor becomes safer .
Besides , in order to make the reaction safer , in Japan , the engineers have found out the methods to prevent the chemical reactions of sodium itself and the leak of sodium by using double-wall piping method , high reliable equipment with double-wall tube and sensitive leak detector .
Thereby , sodium-cooled fast reactors are very safe and also safer than the other reactors in the fourth generation .
Some pacifists are sceptical about the safety of nuclear energy also because that reprocessing nuclear waste is controversial as it separates out plutonium , a key ingredient of advanced nuclear weapons .
Besides , they are worried about that nuclear reactors would become a terrorist target because of the radioactive waste .
Nevertheless , these terrible things wo n't happen in sodium-cooled fast reactors , because the reaction is within the core and the recycling is closed which means the recycling is not separated out .
As a consequence , people do not need to worry about the radioactive waste during the producing .
Except the problem of the safety , the second one is the cost .
The cost of nuclear reactors which consists of the construction cost , operating cost and decommissioning cost are very high .
It is the fact that several billion dollars is needed to get a nuclear reactor going and the sodium-cooled fast reactors are even more expensive than other ones .
Seen the value of the sodium-cooled fast reactors , many countries are investing in the sodium-cooled fast reactors .
Meanwhile , many engineers are looking for the methods to cut the cost of nuclear reactors .
In details , the cost can be reduced by reducing the refuelling outages ' number , compacting the reactor vessel , sampling the vessel internals , reducing the loop number , shortening the pipes , integrating the primary components and so on .
Thus , we should believe in the bright future of the reducing of the sodium-cooled fast reactors ' cost .
As one of the fourth generation of nuclear reactors , sodium-cooled fast reactor has its own advantages .
It has more factors of safety and it is now under further improvement in many developed countries .
Briefly , sodium-cooled fast reactors are with brilliant prospects and the public do not need to be much concerned about its safety .
This was partly due to the 1979 incident at Three Mile Island , Pennsylvania where a partial reactor meltdown and the reactor core exploding in 1986 at Chernobyl in Ukraine which resulted in casualties and spewing harmful debris across Europe ( Butler , 2004 ) .
Also , the new reactors are designed with the following objectives in mind ; economic competitiveness , enhanced safety , minimal radioactive waste generation and proliferation resistance .
This way , temperature at the core outlet temperatures can reach more than 1000 ° C ( Corwin , 2003 ) .
It can be therefore be used as a significant source of electrical power and hydrogen generation or as a heat source .
Not only is it advantageous to sodium because it can be subjected to high temperature , it is also efficient in transfer of thermal energy .
Therefore in my opinion , VHTR is rated better only in terms of physical protection and performance as compared to SFR .
Active and passive safeguards features against accidents are to be carefully considered .
To reduce the probability of radioactive elements leaking to the atmosphere or damage to the plants , there must be an emphasis on the human factors pertaining to plant operations .
VHTR employ the method of burying waste into the floor bed of deep oceans in the middle of inactive oceanic tectonic plates .
Even with deep trenches used , it is possible that life forms living in it would bring back the still harmful nuclear waste back into contact with other life forms .
A key issue on the SFR system is reduction of cost to competitive levels .
With innovations to reduce capital cost , it can extend to electricity production , given the proven capability of sodium reactors to utilize almost all of the energy in the natural uranium .
Despite challenges within steps of the nuclear fuel cycle that do exist , it can be solved with improvements in technology and with global cooperation .
Although the advantages of VHTR are the high fuel burn up , SFR performs better in area such as having low maintenance and operating cost , passive safety and potential modular construction .
The tradeoff of increased capital cost against cycle efficiency , VHTR must overcome these challenges , particularly in reactor safety and costs in order to be comparable with SFR system .
( ElBaradei , 2005 ) Critics have found out that mechanical errors such as the building of Unit 4 was not up to its highest standards and that some of its safety devices were faulty ; while the human management of the whole plant was questionable .
Safety measures , for example installing auto power shut-off for the reactors in the event of an accident or overlook , would have been taken to assist the operators should any human error occurs .
Having said that , the use of psychology during the process is done on the basis of an ideal situation , where the human labour is of the highly skilled and high capabilities .
Critics have brought out the point that the explosion of Unit 4 was due to the poor management of the whole plant , from the failure to follow certain safety standards , to the design flaws of the reactor and structure to the incompetency of the labour .
( North , 2006 ) Furthermore , the state was practicing the policy of secrecy for 35 years , such that only certain information on safety standards were made known and approved , while the design flaws were always hidden from the light .
( Munipov , ND ) Psychology is the study of the mind and if included in the design process , it would be seen from the user 's perspective and thus , coming up with an effective design for the end product .
The use of psychology during design process would have minimize the effects of the accident , but would not have prevented it from happening because accidents happen due to the combination of errors on multiple levels , such as the context of time and national culture .
On the 20 April 2004 at about 3.30pm in the afternoon , a major construction incidence occurs in Singapore , the collapse of Nicoll Highway .
This incidence had also resulted in 4 fatalities and 3 casualties .
The incidence is mainly due to the collapse of a deep excavation work alongside Nicoll Highway .
What could have caused this incidence ?
According to the committee of inquiry ( Press Release 2005 , Ministry of Manpower ) , it was concluded that the incidence was due to inadequate temporary works and design construction errors .
Very often , such mistakes are always link to the negligence and carelessness of human .
Psychological factors play an importance role in the root of this incidence .
The use of such model then leads to serious false predictions of forces and hence undersign in the temporary work which resulted in the fatal catastrophe .
The consequences were due to the carelessness of the engineers then .
According to Land Transport Authority 's counsel K- Shanmugam ( 2005 ) , he stated that Nishimatsu-Lum Chang maintained that designs were satisfactory even after discovery of minor designs faults and pressure LTA to allow them to continue their excavation activities .
It was observed that the main contractors wanted to avoid troubles and further expenses for rectifications of minor faults , and hence resulted in the negligence .
Psychological factors in the design processes such as negligence , impatience and carelessness leads to inadequate instrumentation and monitoring works , improper handling of the instrumentation data .
From the analysis of major accidents , we learnt that human 's actions always plays a major role in triggering accidents as well as mitigating their consequences .
The committee of inquiry for the incidence had also pointed out that the temporary works pertaining to deep excavation were not regulated to the same degree as permanent works .
They tend to have a psychological effects of letting down their guards in the designs where the standards are not as strict and often lead to carelessness , negligence and eventually accident .
Many of the workplace incidences such as the collapse of Nicoll Highway have been traditionally categorized as a single component failure Design error .
Occupational hazards and individual workplace accidents were very often influenced by individual constructs like motivation , perception , attitude and decision- making ( Fahlbruch and Wilpert , 1999 ) .
The problem is not simply based on design faults , the root of these design faults are usually psychological factors such as carelessness , lousy moods , tired , fatigue and unable to stay focus .
When there is a strong safety psychological awareness culture , accidences could have been prevented !
There are three main reasons for this incident cutting cost on the temporary structure , the lack of concentration at work and negligence in checking the design of the structure due to its temporary identity .
Erroneous individual action is crucial link in this chain .
In order to avoid the delay penalty of S $ 25M , Nishimatsu-Lum Chang ( NLC ) , the contractor company for constructing Mass Rapid Transport under Nicoll Highway , did not seek their client Singapore 's Land Transport Authority ( LTA ) 's for approval on replacement of material .
If both NLC and LTA can communicate and negotiate efficiently by extending the deadline , NLC may not resort to risk compromising safety for fines .
Although the standard legal law sets by Employment Act states that each employee can only work 44 hours per week ( Foreign , 2003 ) , NLC did not oblige to the law .
Therefore , it is necessary to forbid the company from making the workers to work overtime .
As a result , workers tend to pay less attention to the details and surroundings and are more incline to erroneous action which , in this case posed great dangers .
If anyone is alert , there will have enough time to evacuate everybody from the site before it actually collapsed since it took 1 hour for the first failure of the connection to the total collapse of the excavation ( Design , 2005 ) , the incident might not have happened .
There was no law stating safety rule for temporary structure in 2004 , thus it was not significant to make the temporary structure a very well-built one .
Problems arise where individual organismic perspectives come to play a part .
Assumption has always been made when personnel are doing the 'assuring ' job .
In addition with inadequate work team activities make the design process worse .
First , the LTA personnel thought that the contractors 'will ' do a good job on designing the structure and do the calculations to ensure it is acceptable and 'assume ' that the contractors already did the proper checking for the design .
As a result , they missed out 2 mistakes that can be easily spotted .
First mistake is the contractors used the wrong soil analysis at the early stages of the design process .
Second mistake is the contractors miscalculated the capacity of the loads for the temporary structure .
Moreover , when NLC 's engineer brought out an alternative analysis models , LTA 's engineer rejected because he/she thought that it was overcautious .
Second , the LTA 's personnel , due to slothfulness , did not do his/her job on ensuring the safety of building works by performing checks on construction work .
Currently , there already has a set of Safety Control Process ( Seetoh Hon Hoy , 2005 ) for temporary structure to prevent this from happening again .
By having certain degree of psychology knowledge , we are able to understand human weaknesses so that design processes can incorporate with technical knowledge to improve the system .
This can greatly reduce human errors made during work which may able to lessen accidents from happening .
Acting like a double edged sword , scientists hailed it as the wonder that can solve current energy crisis while critics believed incidents such as 1986 Chernobyl accidents in Ukraine and 1976 Three Mile Islands reactors meltdown may occur again .
However , due to worldwide soaring increase in carbon emission , a series of new generation IV nuclear generators concepts were proposed .
Lead cooled fast reactor ( LFR ) was presented as one of them .
Among the six proposed generation IV reactors , three of them belonged to fast reactors .
Fast reactors utilized neutrons of much higher energy to cause fission , which differs to present types of reactors that slowed down neutrons using moderator such as water .
LFR is a type of fast reactors that relied on lead as coolant in the reactor .
The ability of it to provide reliable safety , efficient waste management and effective cost minimization enabled itself to have a competitive edge over other energy sources .
Skeptics believed that if nuclear energy replaces oil to further increase its current 21percent contribution of electricity in United States , the nuclear reactors may posed as potential targets for terrorist groups .
In addition , there is still no safe guarantee that these new LFR operate without any malfunction as they have not been presented to the National Regulatory Council for review .
Despite all these factors , general public may not aware of the refined safety measures that these new reactors possessed .
First of all , all generation IV nuclear reactors included passive design that relies on law of nature , which simplifies the current nuclear generator design that has redundant valves and control system .
Therefore , during any emergency process , the required human intervention was minimized .
Moreover , LFR has a comparative safety advantage compared to the other nuclear reactors designs .
Calculation were done to show that LFR has a better safety design mainly because lead served as a better coolant that does not react as readily as compared to sodium and air .
( Kamil Tuek , 2006 ) In fact , the numbers of accidents that may lead to severe accidents were declining in recent years .
The waste management was another problematic issue in current generation III nuclear reactors .
An ordinary thermal nuclear reactor was only to extract approximately only 5 percent energy contained in uranium .
( Smith , 2009 ) That shows the other 95 percent of the energy would ended up as waste and needed to be store in safety for thousands year .
Million tons of radioactive materials are currently sitting somewhere in this world .
Instead of waiting them to lose their radioactivity , fast reactor is able to utilize most energy from the remaining 95 percents energy .
With current nuclear energy wastes sitting in the storage sites , GE Hitachi Company believe the power extracted would be able to meet 70 years energy demands in USA .
( GE Reports , 2009 ) By supporting the research on LFR , not only it would provide tremendous energy power to the world , it would also solve the headache waste issue that every OECD nations faced .
Feasibility also needed to be analyzed in our discussion .
One of the current LFR research , SSTAR ( Small , Sealed , Transportable , Autonomous Reactor ) offers a good solution in minimizing the capital cost of building a nuclear reactor .
Cost of manufacture including materials , expertise requirement and manpower were effectively lessened with this concept .
We do not know which researches may ripen before the others .
LFR , a highly feasible solution for earth 's energy crisis , has a clear direction and promised future .
It deserves more human and financial resources in order for it to reach maturity stage .
Safe , less waste and more affordable , these are the characteristic of our future energy .
On April 26 , 1986 , one of four nuclear reactors at the Chernobyl power station , Ukraine , exploded .
This disaster raised great public concern about the safety of nuclear power .
Helium is aninert gas .
Some promising materials like zirconium carbide can allow the plants perform at the temperature up to 1800 ° C ( U.S .
The success of this reactor suggests that more advanced temperature-resistant material can be developed in the near future .
According to research , the radioactivity for VHTR waste is relatively small compared with other reactors .
The VHTR produces " less heavy metal radioactive waste " and " less plutonium per unit of energy produced " because of the VHTR 's high thermal efficiency ( Shropshire and Herring , 2004 ) .It has a high thermal efficiency of over 50 % , while other reactors only have a thermal efficiency of 33 % -50 % ( U.S .
DOE Nuclear Energy Research Advisory Committee , 2009 ) .Thus , the VHTR is less harmful to the environment .
Some opponents may think that the VHTR would be very costly .
The VHTR has the advantage of meticulous safety designs , small environmental impact and relatively low cost .
Therefore , the VHTR could be a promising nuclear reactor for the " Nuclear power 's new dawn " .
Although VHTR is designed to be a high-energy-efficient system , there is evidence that proves MSR is the better concept .
Proponents of VHTR claim that it has an inherent passive safety features for both the fuel and the reactor ( Goethem 2008 ) .
This is due to the nature of molten fluoride salts , which is used as coolant and is mechanically and chemically stable at sea-level pressures ( Forsberg 2004 ) .
In other words the MSR 's core can not have a steam explosion , thus it eliminates the need for additional advance technology to control the high pressure .
But unlike the VHTR , the MSR uses another kind of fuel cycle called thorium , which is much more abundant in nature than uranium ( David.S 2007 ) The first advantages of using a thorium fuel cycle are the ability to burn up most of the actinides which produces radioactivity .
Unlike thorium , enriched uranium used in the VHTR and it can potentially produce a bomb .
Moreover uranium is limited in supply and not as abundant as Thorium .
The need for expensive fuel-enrichment facilities is unnecessary when Thorium is being used as the main fuel cycle too .
Automation throughout the reactors and passive safety features are just some of the technology implemented to make the Generation IV reactors safer .
With the combination of Thorium being used as the main fuel cycle , MSR is a safe reactor with an abundant source of fuel .
In terms of safety and fuel technologies used , the MSR stands in a better position than the VHTR .
Nuclear Energy The world 's population will expand further in the next few decades .
Countries around the globe are all working for a better quality of life , this drives the demand for energy on the hike .
However , if a mixture of energy production options is continued , it will impact the environment adversely and cause climate change in long term .
Nuclear power plants are providing 16 % of the electricity in the world which are the largest share provided by non- greenhouse-gas-emitting source ( A Technology Roadmap for Generation IV Nuclear Energy Systems , 2002 ) .
Many countries of the world , both industrialized and developing , believe that nuclear energy can be used to meet their demand because of its sustainability in long-term and absence of environmental impacts .
The concept of Generation IV Nuclear Energy System ( NES ) is able to meet this demand and is inevitable in implementation .
With ongoing Research & Development ( R&D ) for its related technology , the GFR is predicted to be delivered by 2025 .
Though questions have been raised on its pending features of development , the GFR should be chosen as the research prototype due to its performance , safety and economics features .
Features of GFR There has been doubt on the safety of the GFR system .
It is also one of the objectives of a Generation IV NES is to " increase the assurance that they are a very unattractive and the least desirable route for diversion or theft of weapons-usable materials , and provide increased physical protection against acts of terrorism " ( A Technology Roadmap for Generation IV Nuclear Energy Systems , 2002 ) .
To address this , GFR system has involved measures to enhance PR & PE and has adopted an actinide management to ensure nuclear waste utilization and availability of fuel in long term .
With the effort of scientists and researchers , the GFR will be safely deployable if the technical hurdles are overcome .
Each of the six prototype costs about US $ 1 billion ( Butler , 2004 ) .
However in long term , the cost is justified by the economics-of-scale .
Hence , scientists are researching the fourth generation nuclear reactor which can provide higher power output , at the same time reduce risks .
However , many people still concern about the risk of the nuclear energy and aftermath consequences which last long to disperse as what happened in the World War II .
In my essay , I shall discuss about the key features of nuclear reactor and its comparison with other alternative energy sources .
The main misconception about nuclear energy is its possibility to explode once it is under attack and its radiation .
In the history , there were only two accidents occurred , the Three Mile Island and Chenobyl incident .
However , we need to know that the latter incident happened at the generation I nuclear reactor , and it did n't follow the safety regulation then , hence caused the accident .
It is highly notable that since Chenobyl incident there is no more any accident .
According to WNA , the current safety standard for nuclear reactor is 1 in 10000 core damage , which means that the core will possibly damage once in 10000 operation years .
The United States reactors now have the safety standard of 1 in 100000 , much better than requirement .
In fact , in comparison with other energy sources , the nuclear energy has the lowest fatality , as shown on the figure below : Source : Applied Energy 75 ( 2003 ) 7986
However , people are worried about the waste of the conventional reactor which takes million years to decay .
The new generation 4 nuclear reactor promises excellent solution with its byproduct will decay in just decades .
Also , it will produce hydrogen to use it as another type of fuel .
Hence , the new reactor is more environmentally friendly at the same time reduces people 's fear of the waste .
Finally , given that people are worried about the nuclear power , it is much needed that we should research on it so that it will be safer and more efficient for us .
Hence , we should research a new generation of reactor even more to replace the old ones .
In conclusion , the nuclear power is the solution for the current energy crisis .
By researching the new generation of nuclear reactor , we can enjoy more efficient and safer energy around us .
Further research and development funding for Generation IV nuclear reactor , particularly the Very- High-Temperature Reactor ( VHTR ) , should be supported .
Ever since Mankind has started using fossil fuels for energy , 400 billion tonnes of carbon is released and eventually would raise world temperatures by 13 degrees Celsius ( Zoe,n.d. ) .
Global warming became an inevitable issue .
Mankind 's hunger for energy is ever increasing , most experts agree that fossil fuels might deplete within the next 50 years ( John,2006 ) .
Nuclear energy was proposed to be the solution to this critical issue .
There are however , concerns about nuclear power with respect to its safety , economic viability and waste disposal .
Nonetheless , the advantages Generation IV nuclear power , specifically Very-High- Temperature reactor ( VHTR ) , could provide can offset its high start up cost and overcome its disadvantages .
Thus , further research and development funding for VHTR should be supported.Thesis
There was a partial meltdown in 1979 at Three Mile Island and 1986 at Chernobyl , causing casualties and spewing radioactive waste across Europe .
It will take a lot of convincing for the public to accept nuclear power as a safe source of energy.TS However , such incidents are anomalous .
The technology has since improved and many new safety and monitoring features were included .
Even though there have been several instances of leaks and other safety incidents , there are no major accidents incurred and no known deaths were resulted ( The Economist , 2009 ) .
Helium is a noble gas and will not react with other materials even at high temperature which makes the model safer ( Butler,D .
The start up cost of nuclear power plant is expensive .
Many might argue that it is more economically viable to continue using fossil fuels for energy.TS However , continual burning of fossil increases the emission of greenhouse gases .
Furthermore , fossil fuel is a rapidly decreasing limited resource .
The price of fossil fuel will increase exponentially in the near future due to increasing demand and fast decreasing supply .
Some would say nuclear power plants are a source of nuclear weapons and might become potential terrorist targets.TS Some other concepts for the reactor might involve waste reprocessing and recycling which separates out plutonium , a main ingredient of advanced nuclear weapon ( Butler,D .
Therefore , the VHTR is a safe model and would eliminate any of such concerns .
The VHTR would be an ideal model to supply nuclear energy to resolve the problems .
However , the VHTR includes features and benefits that would offset its disadvantages .
Increasing energy needs and Global warming are restoring the idea of nuclear power .
According to Butler ( 2004 ) by 2050 the carbon dioxide level in the air is expected to double causing severe global warming .
There are many different green energy such as solar energy , turbine generated energy from wave and wind but nuclear energy especially Very High Temperature Reactor can be the most reliable source of energy in the future when security , safety and cost of nuclear power could be resolve .
Security issue against terrorist and use of nuclear weapon is a major concern when we think about nuclear power .
The destructive power of nuclear bombs can be seen in the history of World War 2 , when two atomic bombs are used on Japan killing 220000 people .
As technology become more advance , hydrogen bombs which are deadlier are now available and the world would be in trouble if it is in the wrong hands and effects worst than September 11 may happen .
During the process of recycling , plutonium a key ingredient for advance nuclear weapon is produce .
Most countries including The United States has refrain from reprocessing waste and discourage other from doing so too .
Since the very high temperature does not recycle waste the problem that people may misuse the technology will be resolve .
Even if there is recycling of waste convectional reprocessing does not generate weapon grade plutonium and chemical could be use to spike the plutonium to make it too hot to steal or transport .
Safety issue is definitely a concern as the history of the Three Mile Island in 1979 and the Chernobyl incident in 1986 leave a long lasting bad impression of nuclear plant .
During the Chernobyl incident the plant was blew apart in a very short time and cause 31 immediate deaths .
The worst thing when nuclear reactor like the nuclear bomb was not the immediate death but the exposure of human to radiation .
After the explosion the land was to be vacant and non usable and is believed to have increase the number of cancer cases in Europe .
However comparing the number of death cases to those in cave in land mine the number is minimal as cave in usually result in hundred and thousand of death .
One of the reasons of the accident was due to the staff inexperience but for the newer plant there will be more advance safety enhancement and inbuilt automatic safety features that will cool themselves in times of emergency .
Although the cost of building a nuclear plant is very high and the price of the energy generated is higher than those we have in the market , development on nuclear plant is still a necessity .
In the long run the price of the energy generated by coal and oil would skyrocket as the tax for carbon emission increase exponentially .
The development of nuclear plant would prevent this especially the Very High Temperature Reactor .
The very high temperature reactor can generate both electricity and hydrogen and it is 50 % more effective than the conventional reactor and it allow countries to be self sustainable in term of energy .
Nuclear power is one technology that must be accelerated promoted and relied upon if the world is to stabilize carbon emission at an acceptable level .
In the modern world , nuclear power is widely used There are more than 400 nuclear power plants operating in 30 countries , which supply almost 17 percents of the world 's electricity .
However , after the research , I support the Gas- cooled fast reactor is the better one .
Actually , it can make the use of 99 % of fuel .
The performance of sodium-cooled fast reactor seems so perfect , however , compared with the Gas-cooled fast reactor , these data is not perfect anymore .
For gas-cooled fast reactor , it is also a closed fuel cycle and the use of fuel can reach 99 % as well .
The outlet temperatures in the range of the gas-cooled fast reactor is around 850 , so it makes the theoretical value of its thermal efficiency is 50 % .
This limit of the sodium-cooled fast reactor is just 47 % .
From it we can find the most significant part for safety features of sodium- cooled fast reactor is the control action .
Thus , no matter which kind of generation IV reactor , if its system has control action , it is also relatively safety .
Furthermore , the gas-cooled fast reactor also has its own control action of the system .
This control makes the gas-cooled fast reactor can be as safe as the sodium-cooled fast reactor .
Some evident shows the sodium-cooled fast reactor can reduce the cost of the raw material by changing it .
However , as the sodium-cooled fast reactor was developed later than the other kinds of factors , especially later than the gas-cooled fast reactor , the cost of research and investigation of the sodium-cooled fast reactor is so huge .
Just because of it , many developed countries do not have enough money to afford this expense .
Therefore , it obstructs the application of the sodium-cooled fast reactor .
Compared with sodium-cooled fast reactor , the gas-cooled fast factor is an old one which has been developed and widely used since 1979 .
Its cost of development is far less than the sodium-cooled fast reactor .
The main cost of it is just the annual depreciation which is far less than the development cost of the sodium- cooled reactor .
However , the sodium-cooled fast reactor should be checked for several years by the fact .
Therefore , the gas-cooled fast reactor is better than the sodium-cooled fast reactor by cost .
It has the larger thermal efficiency and less cost of expense and time .
Even though the safety of sodium-cooled fast reactor may be better than the gas-cooled fast reactor , it can not change the fact that the gas-cooled fast reactor is better than the sodium-cooled fast reactor in contemporary time , because there is still no way to make the nuclear power totally safe by now .
According to the latest energy consumption statistics in 2008 , the majority of energy consumption was still made up of oil , coal and natural gas 34.8 % , 24.2 % and 24.1 % respectively .
However , the fact behind the door is that under the current consumption pace , no more than 50 years the oil and natural gas will use up and the coal reserve can also only sustain 120 years more .
Faced with the unprecedented energy crisis , finding an alternative energy resource has naturally become the top priority issue .
For the present , nuclear energy is gradually playing increasingly vital role in the energy supply due to its high efficiency and abundant raw materials .
However , some of the public are still concerning some of the issues associated with the nuclear energy , for example the cost , safety and performance .
The concern is understanding , since the nuclear catastrophe happened in Chernobyl on 26 April 1986 is still fresh in our mind .
But those disasters are mainly result from the human 's wrong operation .
Besides , as Declan Butler said : Global warming and rising energy needs are rehabilitating the concept of nuclear power .
Furthermore , with the six generation IV reactor concept coming out , especially the VHTR , I firmly believe all the difficulties will be settled in the near future .
Frankly speaking , some of this problem does really exist , but we can view it from another perspective , which means comparing its cost with other kind of power plant under all the same factors .
But the raw material like uranium enrichment used for nuclear reactor is much cheaper both in transport and price under the same amount of energy output .
In addition , unlike the heat-energy reactor , the gas emitted during the operation has a little influence on the environment and global warming .
Secondly , numerous public are holding the view that the nuclear reactor is still existing huge potential safety risk .
Reviewing the history , the Chernobyl and Three Mile Island catastrophe indeed witnessed the enormous harm the nuclear reactor could cause .
Currently , the materials applied in VHTR are more advanced and steady compared to the past .
For example , the Carbon-Fibre reinforced Carbon can bear the highest temperature which the VHTR could generate .
In addition , due to the tri-structure-isotropic and its multi layer , the waste will become difficult to crack and release harmful radiation and fission products .
Therefore , the wastes become concentrated and then easily to deal with .
Lastly , lots of objector still doubts the performance of nuclear reactor .
As we all know , the reactor fuel is possess of small in size while large in energy output .
For example , the energy generated by one kilogram uranium is equal to the energy generated by 2400t coal .
Besides , a study showed last year by a group of scientist and economist looked at the potential for the power generated by nuclear energy to triple by 2050 .
Therefore , the nuclear energy can take the duty in supplying more energy and decreasing the emission of greenhouse gas generated by the fossil fuel burning .
In conclusion , I firmly believe that the huge potential benefits the nuclear reactor creates will no doubt attract more support not only from the government but also public and once the VHTR construction completed , I think the dawn of nuclear energy has also already come .
These nuclear reactors unlike the conventional power plants , they do not produce greenhouse gases ( Gerstner , 2009 ) .
Thus , there should be funding for research and development for Generation IV nuclear reactor .
Some people think that the radioactive wastes produced by the nuclear reactors are more dangerous than the greenhouse gases .
Furthermore , the nuclear plant produces a large amount of waste ( 12,000 tonnes ) , thus disposal became an issue ( Gerstner , 2009 ) .
Currently , most of the nuclear reactors use nuclear fission to produce energy and large volume of radioactive wastes is produced .
It was found that through thermonuclear fusion , it could reduce the radioactivity and volume of wastes produced by nuclear fission ( Gerstner , 2009 ) .
In a way it does reduced the threat that the wastes would be used for developing nuclear weapons .
It also solved the problem of disposal .
Hence there should be funding to further into the research and developing the hybrid concept in the Generation IV reactors
This would not have happen if there have been funding for research and development to produce a cheaper reactor .
According to studies .
the nuclear reactors now produce electricity at 6.7cents per kWh after considering the set up cost , cost of fuel , operating cost and cost of disposal , when compared with gas and coal which range from 3.8 to 5.6 cents per kWh ( Giles , 2006 ) .
After a 50 % more energy is reduced the reduced by 50 % and it would be cheaper that of power plants using coal and gas .
Hence there should be funding for R&D for the Generation IV reactors
Some people have the impression from the two major incidents which happened in Chernobyl , Ukraine and Three Mile Island , Pennsylvania that nuclear reactors are dangerous and are against the idea of having nuclear reactors .
This would not happen in the new reactors as they have better cooling systems that will allow the plants to cool down faster when they reached too high a temperature ( Butler , 2004 ) .
It helps in coping with global warming by not producing greenhouses gases unlike the conventional power plants .
Although it produces large amount of radioactive wastes , as long as the hybrid reactor could be produced , the wastes would not be a problem .
Furthermore Generation IV reactors are able to produce more energy , thus the cost of the energy would be cheaper .
Lastly it has better system which would prevent similar incidents of meltdown of the nuclear power reactor to happen .
Very high temperature reactor is one of the six Generation IV reactor concepts , which is designed to be a high-efficiency system so that it can supply electricity and process heat to a broad spectrum of high-temperature and energy-intensive processes .
Some of its excellent features had inspired United States to do a lot of research on Very high temperature reactor .
Now , the very high temperature reactor is still in developing .
Even the opposite opinions exist , it is still necessary to develop the very high temperature reactor .
Some accidents of nuclear power plants , such as the Chernobyl disaster occurred on 26 April 1986 at the Chernobyl Nuclear Power Plant , caused huge panic about the new clear power plant .
Researches done by the experts in United State showed that the security of the very high temperature would be improved quite a lot .
First , since the core is composed of helium , whose coolant is dingle phase , and graphite whose thermal inertia is very large , the core becomes very steady and safe .
In addition , fuel of the very high temperature reactor is designed to cycle from ore extraction of final waste disposal and radioactive wastes will be sent to repositories for final geologic disposal which will reduce both the lifetime and toxicity of the radioactive waste .
Given that the cost of the nuclear power plant including very high temperature reactor is very high and it will take several decades to recover from the cost , the opponents think it is not reasonable to use very high temperature reactor .
However , according to the research done by the experts , the very high temperature reactor will be designed in condition that the generation cost will be competitive when compared with other energy sources and the capital investment cost will be low enough for a large number of countries .
Hence , the very high temperature will provide competitive economics .
According to the goal of the design of the very high temperature reactor , besides electricity , the very high temperature reactor can also provides heat which can be used for industry processes .
All these energy generated by the very high temperature reactor will reduce the usage of the fossil fuel .
The safety and cost of the high temperature reactor should not be used to limit the development of the very high temperature reactor , on the contrary , they should be considered as challenges to be overcome .
Anyway , the research about the very high temperature reactor shows that the very high temperature is beneficial to the society .
Therefore , the very high temperature should be developed .
In the twenty-first century , the world is developing in a rapid pace that has never occurred in the past .
Countries like China and India keep their GDP up to 8 % increase almost every year .
Besides the increase of GDP , carbon dioxide emission is also reaching the highest level compare to the past .
Obvious climate change experienced in many countries and regions remind us that the green house effect is really dangerous to the earth .
We should stop destroying our earth by continue mining and generating electricity through the coal plants .
However , the opponents feel that nuclear power is not acceptable mainly due to safety , cost and its pollution issue .
In fact , by using Generation Four nuclear power plant in coming future , these problems can be solved definitely .
And among all types of the Generation IV nuclear power technology , very-high-temperature reactor ( VHTR ) would be the best choice due to its safeness , efficiency and environment friendliness .
The reactor meltdown in 1979 at Three Mile Island , Pennsylvania seems that nuclear power technology is extremely dangerous to use .
I do admit that some of the public has lost their confidence and trust after this accidence happened .
However , we should understand that the TML used pressurized water reactor which is Generation Two model , the safety concern on that model is much lesser comparing to VHTR which is a Generation Four model .
VHTR make use of helium , an inert gas , as coolant .
Secondly , any supports of traditional power plants argue that the cost of building nuclear plants is much higher than for the coal plants .
Actually , the construction cost of nuclear power plants keeps on reducing in the past few years .
For example , the construction cost for the first third generation reactor , ABWR , built in Japan was 2000 per KW , while the Chinese Nuclear Power Industry has built new plants of their own design at capital costsreported to be $ 1500 per KW and $ 1300 per KW at sites in South-East and North-East China recently .
In addition , the maintenance and labor cost of VHTR is much less than the coal plants .
With the low maintenance fees , low labor cost and the high output of electricity , the total cost of the VHTR is actually less than the coal plants after a few years of operation .
Thirdly , the opponents of nuclear power plants worry that the disposal of radioactive waste from the plants will cause serious illness or even death to people live or work near the place .
However , the VHTR has a reactor core made of graphite , which possess high stability even in high temperature .
And by using uranium dioxide fuel particles coated with graphite , the reactors will not release radioactive substances even in extreme high temperature .
Among the generation IV reactors , the very-high-temperature reactor is most likely to be the best choice due to its safeness , efficiency and environment friendliness .
As a good solution towards green house effect , we expect to see a bright future of nuclear power technology and it will be adopt in more countries in next few decades .
The accident was caused by the lack of the use of psychology during the design process , and could have been prevented , had more psychological considerations been into the aircraft designs .
However , some people say that the accident was caused due to human error .
In this situation people can not say that the Pan Am officer did not do his job because he a kept lookout on the surroundings , but in the midst of the fog , the presence of the KLM aircraft signaled an ambiguous message .
If an alarm was sounded upon when safety distance between the Pan Am and KLM aircraft was breached , the Pan Am crew would have steered their aircraft away from hazard .
Had he been warned by the ringing alarm of a proximity sensor , he would have gotten enough time to respond and not panic when the impending collision was apparent .
For these reasons , we conclude that the accident in the Tenerife runway could have been avoided , had the use of psychology been applied in the designing .
At the beginning of 2002 , 438 nuclear power plants were in operation in 31 countries around the world , generating electricity one billion people .
Three Mile Island accident in Pennsylvania ; Chernobyl accident happened in Ukraine .
We bear while using nuclear power .
As a result , a new generation of nuclear power- The six generation IV reactors concepts were raised to solve this problem .
Among all these six generation IV nuclear reactor plants , I think Very-high-temperature reactor is the most promising one .
For the last few years , very few new nuclear power plants were built .
We are not only concerning the shortage of technology but also considering the danger of terrorists .
Nuclear power could be easily used as weapon because we do not need to consider controlling the bomb , but if we use nuclear power as energy , then we should make it safe for us to operate it .
The big danger hidden in nuclear power plant also makes it as a target for those who want to destroy .
From " Baidu " dictionary , we know that the power released in Chernobyl Accident was about 400 times as big as the atom bomb which US threw in Hiroshima .
We must make sure that there is not a little danger in our building and using nuclear power .
Our new technology used in VHTR nuclear power plant includes simplified safety features that do not rely on sophisticated backup systems or experienced operators .
" Meltdown proof " and can cool themselves down even if anyone shuts off the coolant or power supply .
( Nuclear power 's new dawn ) Different form the caution we must take in using traditional nuclear power plants , now we can make the most of nuclear power .
Therefore , the second advantage which stands out the VHTR is because that VHTR does n't produce any nuclear waste .
We may cut the cost spending using in nuclear waste when we use VHTR .
Hydrogen generated values because of its high thermal value and can also be used without any pollution .
VHTR uses Helium as its coolant instead today 's water-cooled reactor and transfers energy into hydrogen surely save the source .
In the society today,there are many ideas or concept that are currently in the stages of research and development .
Some of the ideas and new creations which falls into this category are robotics and hybrid cars .
There are many reasons amounting to the factors which results in the delaying of mass production in the market .
With regards to hybrid cars , prior to the mass production and usage of it , there are some factors with respect to the construction of the vehicle that we have to factor in in order to increase the safety aspects of usage .
Some of the vito factors leading to increased safety levels requires the addition of new features into the vehicle as well as modifications being made to current existing design .
I hope that in the near future , we are able to do our part for our mother Earth by driving such hybrid cars as it reduces greenhouse gases since it is not driven by petrol or diesel , but at the same time not compromising our personal safety .
Furthermore , due to the depletion of unrenewable energy such as coal and fossil fuel , the scientists in many countries start to seek for a new source of energy , which is nuclear energy .
Although the potential for the uses of nuclear power energy is great , there are a number of opponents with anti-nuclear sentiment , preventing the construction of nuclear plants in the past few decades in many countries .
Therefore , The very-high temperature reactor ( VHTR ) was introduced to meet global energy demands .
After the catastrophe that happened at Chernobyl , Russia 1986 , the World start to concern more carefully about the safety and security of nuclear power reactors .
A majority of public have been opposing the development of nuclear plants around their living areas .
As a result , nuclear industry has stepped into the degradation , causing the world energy crisis .
However , nowadays the scientists have proved that with measured cautions , nuclear power could be used to supply alternated energy to the world as the fossil fuels would come to an end soon .
At the same times , there are many evidences show that nuclear power could be considered as the best suggestion to mitigate global warming .
First of all , public are against the proposal of building nuclear power plant to supply electrical energy as they are very concerned with safety of the plant .
One part of an overstrained turbine unit which weighted 1,500 tons snapped off from its restraining bolts and flow 14 meters into the air , causing floods .
Although some contend psychology used in designing can prevent accidents , there are some reasons and evidences to oppose the theory of psychology in design processes can prevent accidents .
If the system was design in a way that it automatically shuts down when there was a default in the system , the plant 's operation would have been stopped and the accident would not have occurred .
But contentants pointed that accidents are unaccepted event that happens .
Therefore , during the psychological process of thinking , mistakes can occur which results in poor design and lead to accidents .
To close up the arguments , accidents are mistakes with bad consequences .
It is not an excuse for them to quibble that they have no idea of the quality of O-ring because they have not collected sufficient data to prove that the O-ring can not stand low temperature .
By applying psychology , we can avoid certain mindset and learn to be more responsible and considerate .
Owing to the public 's concerns about the safe operation nuclear power , research and development , funding for nuclear power was rather minimal .
Finally , nuclear power might give rise to strained relation between nations .
It is because the heat efficiency in current nuclear plants is only 1 % , which means 99 % of the energy generated by nuclear plants is wasted4 , but Scientists have already found out ways to increase the heat efficiency .
In the design of VHTR system , the radioactive uranium and plutonium will run automatically into the recycle so that it can offer an enhanced waste minimization6 .
There are many engineering accidents happened in the past and now they are still not avoided .
The main cause of the most accidents is directed to operators ' error .
It can be insufficient knowledge of operators , inadequate training of operators , poor design and poor communication among team members .
However , further investigations showed that these could be prevented at the initial stage which was at the design stage .
Designer usually thinks that user may know how to use the product by reading through the manual provided .
When there was a surge of power , they tried to put back control rods , hoped that power level could be lowered .
In fact , it did not happen as expected ; the power increased dramatically and explosion occurred .
As a result , easy-understood manual will be provided , more accurate safety systems would be installed and sufficient training and sharing session between design engineers and operators would be conducted to have common opinions instead of assumptions .
Therefore , nowadays there is an encouragement to have human scientists ( psychologists ) in the design team ( Wilpert , 2007 ) .
A correct design at the beginning stage is very important to prevent accident .
The reasons being that VHTR addresses the worries of public against nuclear power , such as safety , pollution and cost and performance issues .
Firstly , the tremendous increase in consumption of energy due to growing population and development of nations .
Nuclear plant operates at extremely high temperatures and it relies heavily on coolants to reduce temperature .
This has setback the testing and case-based application of new nuclear technologies , though they actually can make a difference .
There will be no more of nuclear spill , loss of human lives or even an injury for workers within the nuclear plant in case of in-plant emergency .
Even though it developed very fast in the past decades , it is facing a big problem now that nuclear output is worldwide shrinking .
This is partially because of horror left by the disasters of 1979 at Three Mile Island , Pennsylvania , and of 1986 at Chernobyl , Ukraine ( Butler , 2004 ) .
Now people are more concerned about the safety instead of the benefits of nuclear power .
There are six designs are believed to be the best prospects ( see Table 1 ) .
Since hydrogen is one of the clearest energy in the world and it is not easy to produce , the heat produced by VHTR can help to solve this big problem .
As a result , VHTR can provide a more economic energy to meet the demand of the world .
With regards to this incident , many might argue that the use of psychology would have prevented the accident .
Hence , it is inevitable to prevent accidents from happening .
In the lighter water reactor , the light water will boiling in the core vessel so that it produce a lot steam as bubbles in the light water , so that the light water reactor needs a lot of equipments to control these bubbles such as steam generators , steam separators and dryers ( Idaho National Laboratory , 2007 ) .
There are still a lot of people worrying about the nuclear waste of the supercritical water reactor ( U.S. Envioromental Protection Angency , 2004 ) .
Although the supercritical water reactor is still under the research , it has already shown a lot of advantages .
We are on the brink of time whereby the global warming will affect the earth severely if we do n't act appropriately .
But accidents occurred in the past were mainly because of lack of skilled workers and security ( Major , 2008 ) .
Among the six technologies mentioned , very high-temperature reactors concept has most potential to be a break-through in nuclear technology and therefore its research should be further supported and funded .
This prediction indicates that we need to find alternative source of energy in order to continue our daily life .
However when we talk about nuclear , people will usually associate it with radiation , wastes and missiles .
These wastes are stored into a special concrete storage cylinder to prevent the radiation from leaking to the environment .
It is possible for nuclear to be the mainstream energy production when combined with other renewable energy such as solar power .
Opponent proposed that nuclear powers are highly vulnerable as nuclear reactors have the probability of becoming terrorist target .
For example , by increasing the radiological intensity of materials , it is hard for people to handle it without severely expose to radioactive if highly specialized shielding equipment is not used .
This is because the design of the cycle for SCWR is pretty simplistic as it does not require the use of jet pumps , pressurizes or dryers .
Nonetheless , VHTR faces material constrain as the materials use to design reactor must be able to withstand continued high temperature , intense bombardment in nuclear proliferation and corrosive reagents .
Without weapons grade plutonium in the purest form , it reduces the effectiveness of explosions .
With this features taken into consideration , the thought of building the new generation IV reactors is getting more real .
The money invested can be used to improve healthcare or even the harnessing of other forms of energy like solar energy to produce electricity .
With the increased in outside temperature , the performance of the nuclear reactors will drop as it is dependent on the temperature of the nuclear cores .
All signs of life were obliterated and everything razed to ground zero .
Besides safe and economic , nuclear power is also environmental friendly as it does not produce any greenhouse gases such as Carbon Dioxide in the case of fossil fuel burning plants .
What was worse , electricity demand is increasing dramatically due to speeded economic development worldwide .
Space Shuttle Columbia disaster is one of the most serious engineering accidents throughout the history .
It alerted and re-emphasized us how important the safety design is .
Same as in the Columbia issue , a lot of people just focused on the physical cause of the accident and arbitrarily claimed that it was only the engineering errors that result in the final disaster .
As the mankind has entered the 21 century , the need for fuel has become increasingly pressing , which has exceeded the amount of fuel required in the past century by most 50 percent .
There are altogether six designs for the generation IV reactors while this essay will focus on one of them named very-high-temperature reactor or VHTR in short and expound on the reasons why it is worth all the researches and money put into it .
These two problems , together with a few others , may disrupt further researches into and funding for the VHTR .
In conclusion , for the long term consideration , the VHTR is worth the researches into and money spent on it as it not only generates energy highly efficiently but produces a by-product which is also a source of clean energy .
It can be seen that if psychology was incorporated into the design of the instruments , the engineers of the instruments could have anticipated such a problem and included a device to alert the operators in a case when the valve and its related parts fail .
Since then , nuclear power was often thought to be dangerous and therefore undermining the benefits that it can bring about .
Therefore , technology can reduce the risks of nuclear power and therefore ensuring the safety of it .
However , the accident occurred in the year 1986 and there has been no similar major accidents since then .
The difference in momentary value between conventional coal processing and nuclear power is not that big a difference .
This means that the cost of this technology is about the same , if not , lesser than conventional coal processing .
Unlike the past , nuclear reactors now come with equipments that prevent operational disturbances which will in turn develop into problems .
According to the study , with proper experience in both techniques , there is no advantage in applying Da Vinci Surgical System .
These will benefit patients in having less pain , less risk of infection , less blood loss , fewer transfusions , less scarring , faster recovery and a quicker return to normal daily activities .
However , there is much dispute over the usage of nuclear reactors .
Thesis
Thus , it will not result in steam explosion , which can happen in reactors using water as a coolant .
This can ease the fears of the public that terrorist will make nuclear reactors their potential target .
However , conventional fears and concerns from the public that radiation , risk of nuclear explosion and nuclear meltdown can have catastrophic impact on the environment and public health .
Furthermore , the consequences of it not so well-known and researched on yet as nuclear technology has not been around for a very long time .
In conclusion , the VHTR offers good prospect to be the next generation of reactors .
With the development of science and technologies , the demand for energy is keeping increasing .
Some people think nations should cease doing further research and development funding for nuclear power because it will brings some serious problems on safety , security and costs .
Reinforced concrete has the characters of firmness and anti high temperature .
Besides the safety , some people also concern the security of nuclear power .
Plutonium is also can be used to make nuclear weapons , it is possible to be stolen by some terrorists .
In the future , there will be greater development of the nuclear security system to protect against the waste stealing and nuclear terrorism .
Nowadays the focus is turned to how to ensure the nuclear energy is safer , more economic-benefited and efficient than other energy choices .
Therefore it is hardly that the reactor will leak out .
The world 's energy is going towards depletion , and many countries are seeking other alternative energy sources .
This argument is not true as scientists and experts have done research on the materials needed to withstand the requirements currently .
In addition , Shuwen Wang ( 2005 ) also pointed out that " improved control rods and reserve shutdown systems are capable of terminating fission process to control reactivity " ( Very High Temperature Reactor Safety Characteristics , p. 10 ) .
However , other people show the opposite opinion by saying that no matter how well psychology is involved to concern safety problems in design , the accident will always happen since human knowledge and experience are limited .
Moreover , the rods are designed with graphite tip which , when first inserted , will increases the reactivity .
Twenty years ago , nuclear power engineering had just developed and engineers lacked experiences .
Moreover , the experiences and development may come from testing or even accidents .
Thus , to enhance safety , scientists and engineers are obligated to investigate into the incidents and find out the causes .
Moreover , the objective of passive safety systems is to completely eliminated core degradation in the design ( A.K .
Due to the fact that passive safety concept offers an opportunity to effect a large simplification ( in the form of reduction of human intervention and external source of power ) , costs on the construction of nuclear power plants are cut down significantly .
This is an unavoidable dilemma for the advance of science and everyone has to accept the unforeseeable risks when they are enjoying the benefits .
Overall , nuclear energy holds bright prospect as a front edge technology that would allow us to reduce our dependency on fossil fuels , occupying less land yet generating more power .
According to Butler ( 2004 ) , S.C.W.R is cheap due to its simplistic design compare to generation III reactors .
Day to day operation jobs are the key to solve unemployment issue as it provide long term employment opportunity in the country .
In this case , alternate source of energy like solar energy could be considered as the price of solar panels are on a decline ( Solarbuzz , 2009 ) instead of spending billions of dollars building Generation IV reactors .
As the maintenance of a solar energy plant requires many low knowledge based technician , this will help to create long term jobs for the locals .
As building a nuclear reactor might result to have more foreigners to be employed than the locals as it is a high knowledge based job .
Nowadays , the energy problem gradually becomes a burning issue among the whole world .
And it is also promised to have higher thermal efficienciesapproximately 45 % versus the current 33 % of light water reactors .
Therefore , it is feasible to design such a kind of nuclear reactor .
Thus it is acceptable and worthy to spend some money on the further material research .
However , we can assume that experienced experts in this field can overcome such little obstacle .
As fossil fuels are non-renewable natural resources , it is unwise to be too dependent on it as our main source of energy .
All these major factors have lead many countries to start looking for alternative sources of energy to replace the usage of fossil fuels .
The funds needed for this research would be very costly .
In terms of it producing lesser waste , GFR has proved to be more outstanding than VHTR .
Building generation IV reactors will cost much but only reduce a small amount of world 's greenhouse effect .
The hydrogen gas generated as by product can also be sold to hydrogen industry to power hydrogen fuel vehicles .
Some people may belief that the performance of nuclear reactors are generally low and inefficient .
For the past few decades up till now , nuclear power faces strong opposition from people worldwide .
Almost all of the nuclear waste that could not be reprocessed are being buried in landfill sites that could take million of years to decompose and also contaminate the land rendering it useless for other purposes .
There has been no major incidents involving nuclear power plants since the Chernobyl incident in 1986 .
Throughout the long-standing history of humanity , the energy has played a crucial role in changing the civilization to the new level .
Therefore , we are concentrating on searching new energy source which can probably replace current fossil fuels .Although with many advantages like high efficiency , no carbon emission and so on , nuclear energy still meets with very strong public opposition , mainly due to memories of two horrible catastrophes in the past : Three Miles Island and Chernobyl .
In facts , recently technology achievements have showed positive signals to one of the six concepts of generation IV reactor - Very High Temperature Reactor , which should receive more supports in both research and development funding .
On the other hand , the safety design factor come from endeavor to overcome currents difficulties : heat- resistant fuels and materials , high fuel burn-ups , and temperature control .
Otherwise , engineers has selected are two nickel base alloys , alloy 230 and alloy 617 to make the Intermediate Heat Exchange .
Since this one can operate in very high temperature , with optimized designs and enhanced fuels , hence it can produce a massive amount of energy .
The problems faced in relation to security are , adequate protection is not provided against the known terrorist capabilities the NRC ( Nuclear Regulatory Commission ) does not use force-on-force tests , without the NRC approval changes in the facilities in the nuclear reactor and procedures operated are being made by the nuclear reactor owners .
Having being questioned and opposed for a long period , the nuclear power , with the arising of advanced generation IV concepts , once again finds its place to help cope with global energy shortage and many environmental issues .
Some people may question that whether SWCR is good enough to be applied widely , especially in developing countries .
In the history , there were cases such as the Chernobyl nuclear reactor explosion and the Three Mile Island accident , which were catastrophes caused by the misuse of nuclear power .
Furthermore , plants can not grow there in tens of years , and milk is not allowed to produce there in over a hundred years .
With present science and technology level , the nuclear power can be used by human beings for approximately 20 years .
To further broaden the usage of nuclear power , the next generation of nucleargeneration IV is under discussion .
The concerns from public have been a main obstacle for further advancement in nuclear research .
With the advent of the new generation of nuclear energy , people will make a different in the utilization of energy .
That figure stands at 85 % in Sweden and the United Kingdom , 81 % in Japan .
However in the United States , the figure stands at 45 % which is now grappling with a controversial reform plan to provide universal healthcare coverage .
The benefits of economic growth would help to ensure the continuity of social benefits for the elderly by increasing the national income there will be surplus to spend more money on social needs of the nation .
Businesses will get help with rental and wage bills , Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong said .
Differing views on health insurance to be subsidised from current budgetary surpluses , and for the Government to finance more of its longer-term development expenditure by borrowing from its reserves so as to free up current revenues for social spending .
We should not expand social subsidies simply because we are currently having a budget surplus .
Spending needs are growing in many areas , not forgetting social spending but we expect the government budget to be tight , therefore our challenge will be to manage the increase in social spending as our population ages , and focus subsidies on those most in need .
At the same time , Government subsidies help to keep basic healthcare affordable MOH ( 2009 ) As such , the government plays a significant role in providing health care services for public , but the government can only do this much .
Policies that favor the income distribution towards capital will also raise the return on capital , which will enhance capital formation and , in turn , raise labor productivity and raise the national income .
MK Lim,1FAMS , FRCP ( Edin ) , MPH ( Harvard ) As opposed with an ageing population , Singapore will have a sector of un-employed people without families who are either single or divorced with perfectly unsound financial management diagnosed with chronic illness .
When they reach a tenable age for retirement they are unable to pay for their medical bills since they do not have adequate savings .
As our population ages , the importance of public spending on the aged with regards to healthcare should be managed effectively without having to over spend or inadequately provided .
Social subsidiaries should be evaluated thus reduce unnecessary spending allowing the Government to finance more of its longer-term development expenditure which in turn brings about greater economic growth .
With economic growth , the financial burden will be lessen and allow more money for spending on social areas .
One of the challenges that need to be addressed will be the aging population on the economy .
As reported , " Singapore has one of the fastest aging populations in the world , with over 65-year-olds estimated by 2030 to represent 23 % of the population , the second highest percentage in Asia lagging behind only Japan .
" ( Wijaya , 2009 ) With the aging population occupying ¼ of the population , public spending should not be limited on the aged .
Higher life expectancy of the population is foreseen with the literate population getting healthier together with the advancement in medical technology we have currently .
Long-term care and health costs are examples of the welfare expenditure .
" ( Fernandez , 1994 ) More funding will be essential as demand for health care increases .
This means that the older population should continue to work if they are willing to .
By extending the retirement age , this reduces the expenditure to provide for the aged .
Unsound financial management and little education are also some aspects that may result in elderly dependency on the government .
From research , it is reflected that 9 % of the population in Singapore are not living with children or spouse .
Public assistance is needed especially so for families who rely on voluntary organizations and self -help group .
In Singapore context , large subsidies are given in three core areas .
They are mainly health , education , and housing .
Taking care of the population needs brings about the country 's development .
" ( Fernandez , 1994 ) With a rapidly aging workforce , it is not feasible to reduce spending on the aged and divert them to other areas of the country 's development .
Looking at a financial issue point of view , the government still makes it a point to promote self-reliance and individual savings within the nation .
This is to ensure that the elderly will have enough and are ready for old age .
An example of will be mandatory saving scheme : Central Provident Fund ( CPF ) .
With this practice , public spending on the aged should then be limited .
In conclusion , it is not wise to limit public spending on the age given the fact that reliance on the government support is necessary to certain group of the elderly .
With longer life expectancy and declining birth rates , elderly dependency on the young should be shared across with the government .
As a result this may affect the country 's development when we take into consideration the welfare of the young working population .
Singapore in this aspect has done a good job by providing the minimal yet sufficient welfare benefits to the population .
In any part of a nation 's economy , a well balanced of expenditure and earnings is sought upon .
Hence limitation on public spending on the aged should not be implemented , given the fact that the aged makes up a quarter of the population .
Singapore government had been aware of the potential problems with regard to ageing society since the 1980s ( Mehta ) .
Various committees , like Committee on the Problems of the Aged and the National Council on Family and Aged ( NACFA ) , were formed over the years to address the challenges of an ageing population .
In the recent years two more high-level committees , Committee on Ageing Issues ( CAI ) and Ministerial Committee on Aging ( MCA ) , were formed to spearhead the vision of successful ageing in Singapore ( MCYS , 2008 ) .
Therefore in terms of researching , I will be focusing on public policies aspect of the ageing population .
The committees built on works of previous committees with believe that policies should allow the elderly to benefit in terms of housing , employability and financial security , healthcare and eldercare and active aging ( MCYS , 2006 ) .
In terms of housing , studio apartments ( SA ) are built with elderly friendly features like non-slip tiles , smoke detectors and emergency alarms .
These housings are specially catered for the elder , especially singles or poor elderly , to provide them with a range of housing options depending on their ideal living arrangement .
Furthermore , buyers are allowed to utilize their Central Provident Fund ( CPF ) to purchase home at an affordable subsidised price ( MCYS , 2006 ) Moreover , family members of the elderly benefit from schemes like Married Child Priority , when they choose to accommodate with or near their parents .
This will help to boost up the economy to ease the aging process .
Policies for employability and financial security like the Workfare Income Supplement ( WIS ) scheme for the older low-wage workers were introduced in 2007 .
Under the WIS scheme , elderly are given supplements apart from the CPF contributions made in their by employer .
These policies will increase the older workers chances of continuing their employability , due to the reduction of employer 's CPF contribution rate and build up their retirement savings ( MCYS , 2008 ) .
Eldershield Scheme was improved in 2007 to make step-down care services affordable to the elderly in particular the low wage elders ( MCYS , 2008 ) .
With this scheme , elderly are able to afford the services which are specially created for them .
Furthermore elderly can interact with other people at these centres , thus they will not feel lonely .
A new scheme , Wellness Programme was created recently to promote healthy lifestyle and social networking for citizens especially the elderly ( PMO , 2009 ) .
Thus , with a healthy body and mind , elderly are able to continue to contribute to the society and which in return benefit the nation .
Council for Third Age ( C3A ) was formed under MCA , to further promote active ageing through community-based projects ( MCYS , 2006 ) .
Their major events to create public awareness are the Senior Citizens ' Week and Active Ageing Festive .
In conjunction with the annual event , C3A created a Senior Citizens award , to honour role models and active senior citizens in the community ( MCYS , 2006 ) .
Judging by the policies made for the elder , we will notice that the government has invested a large sum of money in them .
On the other hand , instead of trying to change what we can not change like personal health and family upbringings , there should be alternative ways to solve this problem .
Education system can be an area worth investing .
Children should be taught the importance of filial piety and healthy lifestyle .
If these moral values are cultivated in system from young , there will not be a need to create schemes like Maintenance of Parents Act .
However , there bound to be minorities who will think otherwise .
The government has been trying to ease the process thru implementing policies .
We as citizens should do our part too .
Singapore 's only resource is human , thus a collective effort from each and every one of us will make a vast difference .
To prepare for the growing demand of the ageing population , more government funding is required in providing better infrastructure and amenities for the elderly .
Thus , the public spending on the aged should be limited so that money can be diverted to other areas of the country 's development , which in turn can help to solve the problems of aging population .
Economic growth is seen as the key to resolving issues relating to aging population .
With economic growth , the average income will increase , and thus , many people will be able to or even lessen their burden on taking care of their elderly parents .
Furthermore , with the increased income , the government can impose more tax and use it to continue existing or introduce more welfare programs for the elderly .
The Lewin Group and The Nelson A. Rockefeller Institute of Government ( July , 2004 ) found that states of less fiscal capacity on average spent less on social welfare programs than states with higher per capita incomes .
Thus , public spending should be channelled to promoting economic growth , in which can help to continue or enhance welfare programs .
Next , public spending should be channelled to the education sector , either to allow more people to get the chance to go to school or to improve the standard of education , and encourage research and development at tertiary levels and beyond .
In addition , as the standard of education increases , and more research and development is conducted , the likelihood of technological advancement would be higher .
Advancement in technology can improve the healthcare of the elderly , as more or better treatments for illnesses due to old aged are discovered .
Thus , public spending should be diverted to education sector and promoting research and development , which can improve the welfare of the elderly in both long and short run .
However , new or improved treatments arising from advancement in technology will incur a higher healthcare cost .
This is simply due to fact that setting a limit that is too low may result in some elderly not receiving adequate medical care and home care , and setting a limit that is too high may result in increased burden on government policies and on the working population in society .
Thus , the government needs to prevent the healthcare cost from escalatng too much and also how much funds should be set aside for the elderly .
Elderly who are financially strapped and/or have no spouse or intermediate family members to take care of them should be taken care of by the government .
The government should then carefully decide the necessary healthcare spending that has to be supported by the public sector , as excessive spending or spending that exceed the means of the government will lead to future generation having to pay higher tax , as the successor government is left with huge bill ( Tan " .Ho , 2008 ) .
In Singapore , the government finances the healthcare through a combination of taxation and private or national insurance schemes to provide affordable healthcare to its people ( Lim , 2001 ) 7 However , with limited resources , the government needs to allocate resources in such a way , so that development in one area will not be at the cost of another .
Thus , public spending on the aged should be limited , so that funds can be used other development which can help solve issues of aging population .
It also contributes in the aspect of providing applicable solutions to ease the greying population which is gradually growing in society .
I wholeheartedly agree that research and development is the pathway to relieve the ageing process .
A need for expanding social care services for the elderly suffices as well .
In dealing with an ageing population , research and development has pushes countries to move forward in a new paradigm of ageing .
It is a process for utilizing opportunities in health , contribution and security of society to enhance the quality of life of ageing citizens .
One of the strategies is by encouraging longer employment for citizens and lower barriers for the elderly employment .
Based on research , when people work longer , it can offset increasing costs for public pensions due to the rising of the eligibility age of it .
Those who remain engaged in activities involving multiple tasks , requiring communication , interaction , and organization , who continue learning , and constantly challenge their brains earn the greatest protection ( Wall Street Journal , 2008 ) .
Hence , he or she is not susceptible to developing old age illnesses and disabilities .
As mentioned , an ageing population has high demands for medications and social care services .
Private practices in healthcare professionals , social care services and organizations for citizens also correspond to the aged .
In Singapore , Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong implemented that healthcare system will be restructured for the ageing population .
For instance , he said one key step is to link up acute hospitals with community ones where patients can receive treatment at the acute hospital and then recuperate at the community hospital ( Channel NewsAsia , 2009 ) .
However some policies may not only bring positivity .
The ageing population is often associated with poor health thus exerts low productivity .
It will also be harder for them to acquire new skills that can benefit some industries .
Besides that , some older workers cost more than younger workers due to the seniority payment system .
As a consequence , older workers are considered both vulnerable for dismissal , or to be targeted by companies wishing to make workforce reductions , and less able to find new jobs should they loose their current work ( Bernard Casey , 1998 ) .
Research and development plays is relatively important to determine the direction of an ageing population .
Active ageing as the new paradigm of ageing is the key to overcome healthcare challenges and other problems arise with the ageing population as well .
Lastly , it is essential for continuity in research and development for policies to suit needs of the elderly .
Ageing is a process that all humans have to go through , but inexplicably unavoidable and contentious are the problems that come along with it .
We look specifically in the case of Singapore 's approach : current research and development ( R " D ) and policies such as the employment policies , the public pensions programs and the health care and community development prepared for the aged have greatly helped in easing the problems posed by the ageing process .
Thus , employment policies have made the problems associated with the ageing process much negligible .
Another method that the Singapore government has adopted to deal with the ageing process is the use of the public pensions programs , more familiar to Singaporeans by the name of Central Provident Fund ( CPF ) .
The CPF policy has seen tremendous success in providing one with sufficient income for rainy days and future uses , and it certainly has lessen the impacts that the ageing process has brought about .
And finally , the state has also implemented policies on health care and community development such as health care insurance schemes and improving facilities and infrastructure for the elderly .
Health care insurance schemes such as the Medisave , Medishield and Eldershield allows Singaporeans to place aside part of his/her own income for health care needs in the future .
This greatly encourages independence among the elderly in the future , and also on the emphasis of personal responsibility .
R " D has also allowed the state to improve public infrastructure , such as the creation of wheelchair-accessible buses , upgrading the houses such as the provision of lifts for access to every storey , and the development of retirement housings .
An awareness of more elderly-friendly programs and facilities can also be made through advertisements .
However successful these policies may turn out to be , there are still contestations as to whether these policies are truly effective , and how it may actually bring in other sets of problems .
In providing employment for the elderly , its effects may be reduced if the health conditions or attitudes of these elderly workers are not seen to .
The CPF policy may provide cover for the elderly , but they will not be able to use it wisely if the state does not provide useful information or advices in its usage .
Therefore , the abovementioned policies will not be as effective as when it is implemented on its own ; it needs to supplement each other for it to work .
Certainly , without the policies undertaken by the state , the graying population will bring about problems found both in the economy and at home .
Thus , policies such as the employment policies , the social security savings plan and health care and community development have helped to ease the ageing process by allowing the elderly to enjoy a more vibrant and active life in both social and economical aspects .
These policies are also most effective when working in tandem , whereas on its own its impacts are limited .
The Singapore government has done well in its foresight of the problems regarding the ageing process , but more can be done to achieve better value of integration between the private and public spheres .
As for now , its policies have certainly kept the ageing process a much manageable one .
The problem of the increasing of the aging population becomes a main topic now .
( " Singapore is aging fast " , 2004 ) This situation brings us some consequences , such as the decreasing of the productivity and the health problems of the elderly .
The actions such as build more hospitals and upgrade home care should not be the most important tasks to progress .
With the coming of economic crisis , government should be much more concerned about the developments of the country .
Thus , limit the spending on the elderly and use the money in others areas like the economy area and the technology area to develop the country .
( Shandre M. Thangavelu , 2008 ) As a result , the government should put their effort in reforming the country 's economy .
After reforming the economy , the condition of the country can remain the same like before the economy and become more stable .
Then , people can get their own occupation ; have a stable income for living .
On the other hand , if the economy crisis becomes more serious , there will be more people losing their jobs .
Once they are in trouble to earn money , they might rob , steal , kidnap , or kill somebody to get money and there will be more crimes happened .
Moreover , together with the development of the economy , the productivity will also rise .
Government can also increase the taxes so that there are much money could be use to maintain the welfare programs continuously .
This is why developing the economy will be more important and more beneficial .
Besides , the development in the technological field is more essential when compared with the expenditure to be spent for the elderly .
With more funds from the government , the scientist of the country can do more researches .
From these researches , scientists can discover new methods and also invent more products that could bring benefits to us .
For example , the advancement in the medical field can save more people 's lives .
Inventing new machines or having new medical methods to cure diseases not just save more people and decrease the deaths , it can also help to prolong one 's lifespan .
Thus , the elderly can stay longer with healthy body , with the backing up by the high-technology .
In fact , the aging populations who do not have families or disabilities really need the helps from others .
When they are sick , because of they do not have families or their disabilities , they can not take care of themselves .
Thus , the welfare programs will be the vital for them .
But this does not mean that the public should spend much to help them .
One of the reasons is those who without families and disabilities are just minority , the majority of the elderly have their own families and they will take care of their elderly .
Furthermore , because of Singapore is a country which influenced by the Confucius thinking and emphasized on the filial piety , the young generation know their obligation to take care of the elderly .
Thus , limit the public spending on the aging population and divert the money into other areas of the development of country will be a suitable and accessible proposal .
In conclusion , the public spending on the aging population should be limited and diverted to the economy area and the technology area of the development of the country .
Development in economy area can stabilize the condition of the country , increase the productivity and increase more government income which could be used for the elderly , while the development of technology area also can bring people healthier bodies .
Thus , diverting money to other areas of country 's development will not just solve the problems of the aging population , but will also bring every person in the country a lot of benefits .
To a large extent , I agree that the current development and policies have helped to ease the aging process .
In terms of research I would be focusing on the poor and dependent segment of the aging population who require housing and accessible infrastructure .
One of the basic elements of the well-being of elderly person is housing , it must be assured during the entire period of old age , household composition and living arrangements , physical strength and mobility , and the relations of the elderly with other generations ( J D Harrison ) .
The singles and lonely elderly who do not have any children of their own would usually stay with their next-of-kin .
The Studio apartments are build small to cater to the independent living of elderly .
Voluntary welfare organizations ( VWOs ) are providing exclusive supporting services for the occupants like a VWO-run seniors housing ( Committee on Aging Issue [ CAI ] , 2006 ) .
This is also an alternative to the minority of the elderly who prefer to live independently and not add on to the burden of their child .
Old age would usually be associated with the physical changes and limitations of an elderly .
As they starts to age , their physical capability would start to reduce and change .
Mobility , which is one of the activities of daily living ( U.S. Department of Health and Human Services , 1984 ) , would be hindered by this change of physical capability .
Housing Development Board has helped to design a more elderly friendly environment through the Project LIFE ( Project to Improve the Living Conditions of the Elderly ) ( HDB , 2005 ) .
Where the housing flats with high concentration of poor elderly persons are upgraded with new fixtures and fittings , features such as lifts modification on every level , support hand grips in toilet , tap lever , non-slip floor tiles , and an alert alarm system .
Such installation of elderly-friendly features would enhance the mobility of older residents .
These improvement works are fully funded by the government .
Children can be more assured of the safe quality living of elderly .
Elderly are encouraged to integrate into the community and be self- dependent ( CAI , 2006 ) .
Being part of the community would create a sense of belonging for the elderly which promote better mental health .
According to Committee of Aging Issue , making Singapore an " Accessible City " ( CAI , 2006 ) would be the first step to reaching outward to the community .
Creating a barrier free environment would give the elderly person of freedom of moving around the community .
This allows elderly person to integrate into a wider community and lead life actively .
Barrier-free environment could be done by upgrading the roads and infrastructures between housing and buildings according to the Code of Barrier-Free Accessibility ( BCA , 2002 ) .
Code of Barrier-Free Accessibility ( BCA , 2002 ) are adhere to the conditions of being elderly friendly and barrier-free .
The public transport operators have made adjustment to all the new public buses with low floor step-free and wheelchair-accessible to allow everyone to use the public transportation system .
The government also helps to defray the addition cost involved .
Singapore being a small country with only 682.7 sq km ( CIA World Factbook , 2009 ) faces the problems of land scarcity .
There are insufficient lands for construction of basic residential housing , let alone these types of additional housing and infrastructure that caters to the elderly .
Building of additional housing and infrastructures would cost a huge amount of money .
These funds come from the tax payer , if huge amount of the funds are channeled into this particular area .
Are there sufficient funds left for the other area of national development ?
This would leads to more constraints and limitation than solving the issues of aging population .
The mentioned several development and policies made have helped to ease the aging process .
The developments of housing and infrastructures have helped to meet their physical , social and recreational needs and facilitate their integration into the community .
However , all these practices should be done with the understanding of the limitations and constrains .
Policy and development should be made at an economical level , not too extravagant to enhance their life but to improve the necessary condition of the elderly life .
The senior citizens have contributed a lot in making what we enjoy today .
From Fighting for independent to paving the way for our generation today to live in comfort , their services are immeasurable .
It is therefore our duty to pay back what we have inherited from them .
Thus , public spending always included the spending on elderly .
Unfortunately , there are so many hue and cries in generation today that the public spending on the elderly should be limited for the sake of country 's development .
However , I opine that the public spending on the aged should not be limited because not only the elderly will get the benefits from the spending but indirectly the society will get the benefits in any sphere .
Top on my list of reasons is that the spending of elderly will stimulate the economy .
This is because limitation in public spending on elderly is only transfer the responsibility to their family .
Their family has to bear larger responsibility in finance to take care elderly .
Try to imagine how heavy the burden is for a family to take care two elderly or even more .
So , it will be an extra burden to family and they had to make less expense in other area such as entertainment .
On the other hand , if there is no limitation in public spending on elderly , it is definitely reduce the burden for their family and help in economics growth .
This led us on another point of concern that the spending of elderly will reduce the societal cost .
As an illustration , rising cost of health spending will make the burden for young become heavier and heavier .
Most of the family will not able to afford this and virtually feel stress and depress .
As a result , conflict and argument among family members may occur in this matter .
Besides , many other issues such as education and bank loan will become family problem .
On top of that , families and local communities will have to deal with that by conduct various activity such as family day , talks and other and government have to bear the cost .
Obviously , instead of spending on communities ' activity , why not spending on elderly and can built up a good image ?
Another bane of contention is that the public spending on education can be reduced .
This is because when there is no limitation in public spending on elderly will lighten the burden of generation today .
When they spend less on elderly , they are able to invest more for their children 's education in the future such as saving for the education fee or education scheme .
So , the children today wo n't face the financial problem in education in the future .
Indirectly , government can spend less to help people in higher education but still can built up an intellectual society .
It is clear that the benefits are not only distributed to elderly but also the young generation .
Thus , we are killing two birds with a stone by not limited the public spending on elderly .
Basing the argument on the fact that public spending on aged should not be limited , I am obliged to add that other areas of the country 's development should not be neglect as well .
Although the tendency for public spending to be increasingly especially to elderly , it does n't mean that other areas of the country 's development have been taken for granted .
Government should plan carefully in public spending so that they wo n't face the problem that ca n't afford equity any other way such as education , security and economics .
I think this will be a fairer system instead of limited the public spending on elderly .
They have contributed their whole journey in life for country , nation and family so that we now able to enjoy the fruit .
At the time we enjoys the fruits of their labor , we must think back the effort and appreciate it .
To surmise , it is actually payback time for us .
The senior citizens deservedly need their rest and bask in the glory of bring up their successful children .
So should we still limited the public spending on aged ?
A Reasonable Expenditure on the Elderly Aging population , defined as " a shift in the distribution of a country 's population towards greater ages " ( Wikipedia , 2009 ) began to take place in every country and region across the world during the last century .
Due to the large population of the elderly , the aging issue is raising more and more concerns in the current society .
One of the concerns is that the governments need to spend a greater expense on the elderly to ensure their physical living standard as well as their psychological conditions .
However , someone proposes that such actions can not fully solve the problems .
The governments should invest on other areas so that the development of the country will ultimately resolve the aging problems .
I strongly agree that with this argument that the improved country competency will benefit the elderly-concerned issues since the technology advancement can enhance the country productivity , the economic growth will ensure the continuation of the welfare program .
First and foremost , the progress of technology increases the country income so that the country can take better care of the elderly .
When we review the history , we can not ignore the extraordinary benefits brought by the technology .
In the Industrial Revolution , the arrival of the famous sophisticated machinery " mark [ ed ] the transition from a stable agricultural [ society ] to a modern industrial society " .
In recent years , computers are involved in every aspect of the production activity , ranging from mass production to service serving .
The increase of the efficiency will bring more revenue to the country and therefore the government can spare more money on the elderly .
Moreover , the positive economic growth can ensure the continuation of welfare programs .
Government , together with some private organizations , is one major sponsor for the welfare program .
Generally speaking , the government will spare a certain percentage of its annual income on the welfare .
However , such a large proportional expense can only be achieved under the condition of stable economy environment .
The Act mainly targets at cutting federal tax , providing benefits for the unemployed and increasing the spending in education , health care , and infrastructure .
The total investment on the Act is about $ 787 billion dollars ( Wikipedia , 2009 ) , which comprises a large proportion of the total income .
Hence , to ensure the health economic growth also make contributions to the welfare programs to the old .
Although the government should invest its expenditure for country development , it does not mean that the government should cut the pension payment .
Unlike the traditional Asian families which play a key role in taking care of the old , most western families have a looser connection among the family members .
The elderly , in most cases , live separately with their descendants .
Besides , some old single women have very low income to support their life .
Hence , not only the family but also the government should take the responsibility to take care of the old .
The government needs to spare a reasonable amount of money on pension payment and elderly facilities .
To sum up , the government should control the expenditure on pension cost and put effort in the overall development at the same time .
I strongly agree with the idea that public spending on the aged should be limited so that money can be diverted to other areas of the country 's development .
It is undeniable that our society is aging , and there will be exponentially increased needs for more healthcare , pensions , homes , and other social welfare considerations for the elderly .
Addressing other issues that contributes to a country 's development such as the economic growth , education and military is just as important .
An important issue that affects a country 's development would be economic growth .
According to a sample of OECD ( Organization for Economic Co- operation and Development ) countries , which consists of 30 large economies , 1 percent a year increase in output growth over the next 50 years might only ease the increase level of pension expenditures to GDP by 0.75 % .
Thus , substantial increases in economic growth would be needed to offset the increase costs of aging ( Visco , 2008 ) .
Education in Singapore aims to shape citizens to be " responsible to family and country " , and to " have courage and conviction in facing adversity " ; it also aims to shape the potential leaders to be " committed to improving society " and " be able to forge breakthroughs in a knowledge-based economy " ( Ministry of Education , 2009 ) .
Within the 12 pillars of competitiveness , education took up 2 pillars : health and primary education ; higher education and training , in determining the country 's economic competitiveness ( Schwab , 2009 ) .
An educated and skilled workforce contributes largely to the knowledge-based economy .
Studies links education to economic growth as it contributes to improving productivity which leads to higher income and improved economic growth ( The World Bank , 2009 ) .
Education also reduces crime , and promotes equity , justice and intercultural understanding ( The World Bank , 2009 ) .
It is very important that Singapore should maintain its education system to ensure political , social stability and economic prosperity of the country in the future , which is of great importance to the country 's development and an aging society .
Singapore should have also realised that youths are treasured assets in aging societies .
Hence defence posture and military strategy should be deeply thought of to prevent lost of our men .
Singapore should look at more substitutions of military technology for manpower and nonnative for native manpower .
Military could also look at offering immigrants citizenship in return for service as well as hiring freelance mercenaries from foreign countries ( Jackson , Howe , Strauss , Nakashima , 2008 ) .
With drops of birthrates , Singapore should take greater care of her young men and at the same time , being a small country , she must be able to protect herself .
Hence military is one important issue that the country should also look at and invest in .
I do understand that not all elderly would have families or are able to take care of themselves .
Hence countries should have a margin drawn according to the number of people who really needed help from government and before setting the limit to public spending on the elderly ensuring that they are taken care of .
Singapore could set an age limit and look into the cases of each elderly who might need the help from the government .
Funds should only be given to the elderly if their medishield and medisave are used up , and judging on each case , providing the appropriate amount to the elderly .
There are many composites that make up a socially and politically stable country .
Instead of merely focusing on public spending for the aged , we should also look at a broader base of challenges an aging society will bring to us .
Singapore should give equal or more attention to economic growth to solve the aging society , in contrary to allowing an aging society triumph over creating an economic downturn .
Only with a balanced , wise and well-planned policies and governing , will there be a prosperous and strong nation .
Fast aging population has increasingly become a serious problem especially for many developed countries .
One of the many causes of a fast aging population is that many people choose to have very few or even no children due to many discouraging factors such as the high cost of child maintenance .
Childcare costs in Singapore actually average $ 670 a month .
Hence , it has been reflected in the official statistic where the replacement rate in Singapore is only 1.29 last year , way below the 2.1 replacement rate for a population to maintain its current size in the long term ( Li X .
This may include those with serious health problems , who are often unemployed or unfit to work .
Therefore , these people usually do not have any incomes .
In fact , some of them might even be receiving financial aids from the government .
In addition , older people also tend to have longer unemployment , especially during a recession experienced nowadays .
For example in New York , workers ages 45 and over actually form a disproportionate share of the hard-luck recession category , the long-term unemployed ( Michael , L. , 2009 ) .
The financial problem faced by these unemployed is also worsened by the high cost of living in such developed countries .
For example , in Singapore , the high cost of living is actually caused by the spending of the people on necessities like financial products and transportation ( Tan K. L. 2008 ) .
Hence , with such high costs of living , the incomes of these elderly are just enough to feed themselves .
Therefore , public pensions and government incentives will be a vital source of money to support these elderly that are among those without savings .
It is important for the society to show its appreciation for the contribution made by the elderly .
" The elderly , in their younger days , have made many important contributions to the society .
As pioneers who had arrived in a relatively unknown Singapore , the elderly had toiled and contributed largely to its success today .
As the majority of the older people believed that the government should provide for them as they are at their most vulnerable ( Shanas , 1980 ) , the reduction in public spending on them will set up a framework for criticism against the government who showed no appreciation for the sweat and toils that they had willingly given .
Every individual should try to play their part in dealing the problems of an aging population .
Therefore , other strategies should also be introduced to cope with the problem of aging population .
For example , the better-off should try to support their own elderly parents through ways such as giving them monthly allowance etc. Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong of Singapore has also made a National Day Rally Speech this year to stress on filial obligation for parent maintenance .
In addition , the money spent on country 's development in the area of education and economy can also help to solve the problems of an aging population .
In conclusion , it will definitely be best that public spending on the aged is not limited so as to accommodate as much to the needs of the aged .
However , when making decisions on government spending , the government should also take into consideration the existence of other problems and the need to improve other areas of country .
The majority of the population is still the young who are now sweating and toiling for the country just like what the aged had done in the past .
Hence the government should also divert some of the resources to improve the lives of these people such as subsidies for birth-giving , which not only reduces the cost burden of having a child but also encourages people to have more children , thus increasing the replacement rate .
On the other hand , strategies such as means-testing , currently adopted by the Australian Government , should also be implemented in other affected countries to ensure that all public spending are necessary ( Peter G. Peterson ) .
Ageing population is a fact .
It is foremost a consequence of the " baby boom " - the rapid increase in birth rates and then its decline after the Second World War.1 This period of increased fertility lasted for thirty years and the number of people born in this era was unusually large .
Such demographic changes might bring about severe consequences , most importantly national budgets might be under pressure as growing number of elderly persons are supported fewer younger persons .
The debate now is whether the nation state should limit its public spending so that the saved resources can be utilised to other areas f the country 's development .
In this brief essay I would strongly argue that yes , the state should indeed limit its spending and focus more on economic growth so as to not to discriminate against the elderly but rather to aid them in a more fruitful way which is beneficial for both generations .
I believe that economic growth has its " trickle down " effect and accompanies numerous positive externalities which would help the old even more efficient way than continuous increase in healthcare spending which restrains GDP growth .
The first and foremost positive consequence of economic growth is that it will not only ensure the continuation of the current social welfare programme but also total spending on such programmes will also increase in real terms .
For instance if real GDP of a country increases by 3 % , and that the spending on welfare programmes is pegged at 2 % of real GDP , then the real spending in such projects will also increase by 2 % .
However , it must also be noted that any particular country does not enjoy economic growth eternally .
In terms of economic downturn such policy can actually reduce spending on ageing population and healthcare to a great extent .
To counter the government could actually set down some minimum spending regardless of economic condition .
The government could establish a bottom line stating the how much to spend , on what aspects of healthcare to spend , how much of a particular facility an individual could use and to what extent .
For instance free personal care , such as the washing and dressing of elderly people costs Britain an additional forty million pounds which caused its government to adopt such policy.2
Another great advantage of economic growth is that it raises the real income of people .
As a result Government use of either increase or decrease of taxes could benefit the ageing population .
Since there is economic growth , government would have more resources and hence require less taxes , as a consequence a family would be able to increase its spending on its older members .
On the other hand the state could also receive more taxes now that people have increased income and use the money for further betterment of the healthcare system .
To top things off , economic growth would allow increase in spending in R " D so the medical facilities would be more technologically advanced and be cheaper to produce due to superior technology , hence services from such facilities would become cheaper and hence spending overall would fall .
The immediate effect of limiting spending will cause a rise is societal costs , and will make individuals and families responsible for a larger share .
The societal costs might end up getting shifted back to the public sector in more expensive means.3 Such policies might hurt members of societies who do not have immediate family ties , members with unsound financial management .
Moreover there are also problems of process of setting limits .
Is the limit set the right one ?
However these are short run problems , in the long run the society would benefit as a whole .
Transitions would be easier if we are better prepared .
Since it is evident that in the long run economic growth allows flexibility meaning that it does not burden the younger generation and pressurizes the national budget while taking good care of the older generation , it is mandatory that we start focusing more on the economic growth so that everybody wins in the long run .
These developments have also raised concerns whether a carrier of a known genetic risk have the duty to inform their relatives about their genetic test results .
Carriers will not be diagnosed with the disease but can pass on alteration to their children .
On the other hand , it is more logical to believe that carriers have the duty to inform their relatives regarding their tests results so that their relatives can make informed choices .
Hence , a carrier of a known genetic risk should be compelled to reveal their genetic test results to their relatives .
Firstly , critics perceive that there is a risk of stigma and discrimination for the carrier 's relatives , especially in access to employment and health insurance .
Sociologists note that relatives of carriers of known genetic risks may be denied application of health insurance policies or have to pay higher premiums since they are at higher risk of developing the disease ( Health Plan One , n.d. ) .
This is because insurance companies being mostly profit-orientated would predict any possible added costs and take pre-emptive actions to avoid these costs .
Employers may have the misguided belief that they have to pay more money in order to ensure the working environment is safe for these employees .
The consideration of medical leaves that these employees may take in future may deter the employers from engaging their services for fear of loss in efficiency at work and trouble in finding replacements .
As such , companies will not tend to employ individuals who have medical history of genetic diseases .
Paddock ( 2008 ) asserted that the enactment of laws such as the Genetic Information Non-discrimination Act 2008 in the United States would prohibit insurance companies to reject policies due to genetic information and forbid companies to use genetic information for hiring decisions for individuals .
Moreover , a mathematical model to work out the extra mortality for individuals associated with higher risks of illnesses such as Hungtinton 's disease will guide insurance companies to formulate reasonable amount of premiums ( Watts , 1999 ) .
Hence , genetic information will not be used against family members when applying for an insurance policy or a job .
Secondly , detractors argue that genetic information of carriers will cause unnecessary worry for their family members , especially for multi- factorial diseases .
Medical professionals contend that these family members may experience psychological effects such as fear , anxiety and depression , affecting their lifestyle ( Yap , 2005 ) .
Multi-factorial diseases such as coronary heart diseases may occur in isolation , with affected children born to unaffected parents .
Psychologists assert that some family members can consult genetic counsellors about their risk of contracting the disease , hence overcoming their fears ( Adams , 2003 ) .
This measure is usually recommended for multi-factorial diseases as there is higher possibility of uncertainty in one 's health .
Lastly , carriers of a known genetic risk have the duty to inform their relatives as it would aid their relatives in decision makings .
They may perform the disease testing in which genetic results may allow them to make informed decisions especially during family planning .
With the acquisition of genetic test results , couples may consider adopting a child instead of pregnancy .
Also , couples will be mentally prepared for their child 's future as early detection of diseases such as phenylketonuria in newborns can prevent death .
In all , carriers have the obligation to inform their family members their genetic test results since the advantages clearly outweigh the disadvantages .
Genetic testing is the study of one 's genes , chromosomes and protein to determine whether a person is prone to a certain kind of disease and whether the person is a carrier or not ( Cancer.net , 2009 ) .
When a person is found to be a carrier though genetic testing , problem is arise as to whether the carrier should tell his or her relatives about the result as a carrier will not get the disease but the carrier can pass the disease to his or her children ( Frequently Asked Questions About Genetic Testing , 2009 ) .
Secondly , the carrier can get moral support from the family member despite the fact that the carrier might face discrimination upon disclosure of results .
A carrier should tell his or her relatives as they might be in risk of getting the disease or being a carrier too ( Lea , Williams and Donahue , 2005 ) .
This is because the carrier got the disease through his or her parent , and thus the carrier 's siblings and the carrier 's children might have also gotten the altered gene .
Hence it is important to inform the carrier 's relatives so that they could go for the testing to check whether they are carriers or have inherited disposition to the disease .
If they were found to be carrier , they have the chance to choose to not to reproduce or even having mental preparation about their children 's health in the future if they decided to do so .
After all , taking care of a child with disease is not an easy task .
They should consider whether they are prepared to look after the child if the child gets the disease as it is not only financially exhausting , but mentally as well .
Thus by informing the relatives about the result , the family member can better plan their future and be mentally prepared for the worst .
Another reason why carrier should tell his or her relatives is because his or her relatives might be able to provide support to him .
After all , family member are the closest people to the carrier and only their support can make him or her feel better .
Hence a carrier should tell his or her relatives of the genetic test result .
Others might argue that by telling relatives about the result , he or she may face discrimination from the relatives .
This is supported by a survey conducted in 1997 which has identified more than 200 case of genetic discrimination out of 917 people who responded ( Genetic Information and the Workplace , 1998 ) .
Some carriers might faced problems such as being isolated as if they have contagious disease ; being talked behind their backs or even blamed for passing the disease when relatives are diagnosed positive ( Finucane , n.d. ) .
These situations will only make the carrier unhappier and hence choosing not to tell his or her relatives about the result .
However , the situations mentioned above happen rarely within the family .
Most of the discriminations are by the employers or the insurance companies .
This is proven by another survey which has stated that 550 people had been denied employment or insurance , not by family member , due to their genetic defect ( Genetic Information and the Workplace , 1998 ) .
Hence by telling relatives about the result will not face discrimination .
It is only when the public get to know about it then will you face discrimination .
Furthermore , family member are the closest people to the carrier and if they do not support each other no one will .
Hence a carrier should tell his or her relatives of the genetic test result as discrimination by relatives is rare .
In conclusion , a carrier should tell his or her relatives about the result as there is a possibility that they might get the disease or they might be a carrier too and the carrier can get support from them .
Although some might argue that by disclosure of the result , the carrier might face discrimination , this is generally not the case hence it should not prevent ones from telling the result .
With the advancement in medical technology , people can find out and understand the various causes of diseases .
It is until recently that scientists and researchers have found out that by human 's genes being the cause of certain diseases such as heart diseases , cancers and diabetics type 1 .
By making use of genetic testing to test individual 's genes , one will be able to know whether he or she will develop genetic disease or carry any disease-causing genes .
Individuals who undergo such tests will find that the outcome of the tests not only affect them but also their family members .
Hence , the individual faces a dilemma whether or not to reveal the test results to them as his family members may not accept the fact and will be adversely affected by the harsh reality .
Nevertheless , individuals should be obligated to inform his family members of the outcome of the genetic testing as by doing so will have benefits to both parties ; such as providing support to each other and taking careful precautions to reduce risks of infection .
In face of a possibility of getting an incurable disease that will affect a person for life , it is important that family members can accompany and support him along the journey to fight against the illness .
Furthermore , family members will be more understanding to patients and help them financially , such as providing for their daily expenses and medical costs .
If patient 's family members are not aware of his condition , he will suffer silently and it is more likely for him to be succumbed upon by the illness .
For example , a local celebrity , Chew Chor Meng who is suffering from Kennedy 's disease , has revealed his to his family and the public of his genetic disease .
Instead of feeling pessimistic towards life and being discriminated by the public , he has received encouragement from the public and support from his family that has made him more resilient and optimistic in fighting against the disease .
Hence , individuals should be obligated to inform their relatives as it is beneficial for themselves to fight against genetic illnesses effectively .
As there is a saying that , " prevention is always better than cure ; " Relatives who are informed earlier of the genetic results can take earlier health precautions to reduce the risks of infection or the severity of the effects of the disease ( Varga & Sturm , 2008 ) .
For instance , they can change their decisions about their lifestyle such as changing bad eating habits , saving money for their future and exercise more frequently .
Even if they do not develop the genetic diseases , the precautions taken at an earlier stage of their lives will benefit them against other forms of illnesses that may not be caused by their genes .
Some may argue that individuals who have undergone genetic testing should not be obligated to inform their relatives for fear that they will lost their privacy and cause their relatives to suffer from emotional burden of feeling guilty and anxious whether they would suffer from the disease .
However , there have been laws set up to prevent discrimination against individuals who are suffering from genetic diseases .
For example , the United States Government has implemented the Genetic Information Nondiscrimination Act to prevent individuals from discrimination at work and getting an insurance plan ( Genetics and public policy center , 2009 ) .
Hence , with a healthy mindset set in their minds , they are more likely to win the battle against their illnesses .
In conclusion , individuals should be obligated to inform their relatives of the genetic testing results as they can provide support for each other to overcome the illness more effectively .
If they do not do so , relatives who are kept in the dark may suffer more as they do not have the tendency to take earlier precautions to mitigate the effects of the illness .
Many diseases such as Tay-Sachs disease , cystic fibrosis , Huntington 's disease , dementia , Alzheimer 's disease and breast cancer may be identified by genetic testing ( Access excellence 2009 ) .
Even though genetic disease only shows a higher risk of developing the disease , it is very important and crucial as knowing the predisposition to these disease may help to reduce the risk of developing it by controlling one 's lifestyle as environmental factors play important role as well .
Thus , if tested positive with these genes , the individual should be obligated to tell his family members .
This is especially true for fatal diseases and diseases which is strongly connected to genes .
This is important to ensure early steps are taken to reduce the risk for him and his family to develop the disease .
In addition , he should also bring his family members along for genetic counseling so as to prevent unnecessary emotional disturbance due to misinterpretation of results .
Firstly , it is beneficial for the individual to inform his family members about the result as his family may help to reduce emotional disturbance .
While genetic counselors may give advices so as to reduce the likelihood of developing the disease , family members may provide the individual with emotional support .
This is very crucial as emotional disturbance might lead to a higher chance of developing the disease .
Hence , it is better for the individual to share this information with the family members .
Some may argue that the information is the individual 's privacy , thus it is up to him who to reveal it to .
However , it is the individual 's responsibility to tell his family members regarding this .
This is because might be harmful for him to keep this as a secret as he might be emotionally disturbed by it .
According to a survey done on women regarding factor V Leiden ( FVL ) , 77 % women were emotionally disturbed by genetic testing .
When people are emotionally disturbed , they might not be able to think rationally thus this may be harmful to the individual 's health as it may result in depression and unbalanced diet .
Some individuals do not want to reveal it to his family as he do not want his family to be worried .
However , not knowing the true reason that caused him to be emotionally affected will even cause his family to be more worried .
In addition , the family may consult genetic counselors to seek for advices so as to reduce emotional problems .
Diseases like Alzheimer and dementia do not show early physical symptoms .
Hence , by informing his family about the know genetic risk he has , he may encourage his family to go for genetic testing too .
This is beneficial as it helps to increase family 's awareness and preparedness for such disease .
If he is a carrier of a genetic disease , he might passed it to his offspring .
However , this may be prevented though In- Vitro Fertilization ( IVF ) method .
Thus , the offspring will not have the defective genes hence lowering its possibility to develop the disease .
Others may argue that in the case of cancer , the presence of altered copy of the inherited gene account for only 5 to 10 percent of all cancers and the majority of people who develop breast cancer or colon cancer did not inherit such genes ( Access excellence 2009 ) .
Thus , there is no need for the individual to tell his family member about it as genes does not play an very important role .
Though it is true that environmental factors plays a more significant role , the presence of such genes in the case of breast cancer greatly increases the possibility of developing the disease .
Hence , by knowing this information at an early stage , early preventive measure can be taken to reduce the possibility of developing the breast cancer by controlling one 's lifestyle .
In conclusion , a carrier of a known genetic disease should be obligated to inform his family member about it both himself and his family will benefit from it .
There are some samples of genetic tests which are newborn screening , diagnostic testing , carrier testing , prenatal testing and others .
People who undergo the test will be notified for the results .
Some of them may show a positive result as a carrier of a known genetic .
If they knew about it , should they tell others especially their relatives ?
I believe that they should tell their relatives due to responsible , prevention and public issues .
Firstly , the person should reveal the results to his or her relative as it is a responsible task for the family .
Everyone should responsible and play important role in the family .
As we know , Huntington 's disease is incurable and heritable to the next generation ( Myers , 2004 ) .
If a person shows a positive result to this result and not to reveal to the family , this disease will pass to the next generation easily .
It will also cause many people in the family tree suffer from this disease .
Although some might think the decision of undergoing the test is considered as a personal choice ( Norrgard , 2008 ) .
Some might think is the individual choice that whether to tell the result out .
However , the responsible of protecting and saving the family from getting the genetic risk disease overweighs the personal choice .
Thus , in order to protect the family , a person should tell the individual 's relative the result of the genetic testing .
Moreover , the individual should tell relative about the result of the genetic testing as it will bring the prevention on the family tree .
" Prevention better than cure " is the slogan always proposed by the doctors .
If we are able to know the genetic risk disease , we can seek the help from doctor in order to prevent the heritable diseases ( Takala & Gylling , 2001 ) .
This cancer can develop with the risk of 85 % when the person with the mutation of the genes ( Wahrman , 2009 ) .
We can reduce the risk of getting this disease with the prevention we done in the earlier time .
We can reduce the chance by practicing healthy lifestyle and others .
However , we can know them earlier by the revealing of the result from the individual .
We can also get ready for these diseases and will not depress about them easily .
Thus , in order to apply earlier prevention for the family , the individual should reveal the result .
Finally , individuals should tell the result to their relatives as it is a public issue .
A positive result is not considered as personal problem or a bad luck .
It may involve a family or even society .
This problem is common to Jewish women of Eastern European .
If someone kept the secret until death , we will not know that it will conduct a serious problem to society .
Although people kept the secret as they scared being discriminated against by society , therefore they chose to keep the result unrevealed ( Wahrman , 2009 ) .
However , there is an act which is Genetic Information Nondiscrimination Act ( GINA ) can protect people with genetic problem carrier .
They no need to worry the discrimination about any more .
Thus , people should reveal the result to their relative as it may cause a serious problem .
In conclusion , the individual with the positive result in genetic testing which shows he or she is a carrier of a known genetic risk should reveal due to responsible , prevention and public issues .
This reveal of the result can help many people include ourselves .
Therefore , we should not keep it as our secret .
Failure to identify and treat Phenylketonuria in time however may result in mental illness at later stages of an infant 's life .
( Schuett , 2008 ) There are some who think that the disclosure of a genetic testing result is unnecessary and they argue that it may bring immense grief and worry to their relatives .
However , without being warned of the possible risk of inheriting these diseases , they would probably not go for their own genetic testing and hence would run the risk of having a late treatment to a disease related to genetic disorder which may have catastrophic consequences .
Secondly , the choice to undergo genetic testing is a personal one , irregardless of the genetic testing result of another family member .
While carriers of such diseases should reveal their result of their genetic testing so as to warn their relatives , it is still up to the choice of their relatives to find out whether they had truly inherited any genetic disorder basing on the nature of the disorder .
( Norrgard , 2008 ) Since it is never certain that one will inherit a disorder from his or her parents , a disclosure of the result of such a test therefore does not bring any direct harm to one 's relatives .
However , laws such as the Genetic Information Nondiscrimination Act ( GINA ) in the United States are passed so as to ensure this would not happen .
For instance , the less healthy child of a rich tycoon may be discriminated in a choice of a successor .
On the other hand , some are worried that revealing such information to the young may affect their psychological well-being ( Living with , 2009 ) .
Moreover , efforts are made by the government to pass laws such as GINA to prevent genetic discrimination .
Hence , with proper guidance such as genetic counseling , a carrier of a known genetic risk should be obligated to tell his or her relatives .
Yet , not everyone might have freedom to do so , fearing that family members might not be able to accept the news .
However , such decisions only have short-term benefits and fail to consider the bigger picture such as situations which one 's family eventually discovers one 's secret .
This is the time where family support is most essential for one as members can help to share the problem and advise how one should handle the problem .
However , there are cases which one may not have the liberty to share the information with the family due to the unstable condition of another member .
One may also resort to this in order not to further burden their loved one .
Hence , it is essential that one should notify one 's family .
Besides being able to receive family support , letting others know is also a form of relieving unnecessary stress .
Conversely , keeping such important secrets to oneself , in the long run it might actually develop into stress which may exacerbate their current condition and trigger certain stress-induced illnesses such as cancer to develop ( Morin & Huot , 2004 ) .
Critics however may feel that individuals may get discriminated even within family which may be a source of stress for one ( Wolff , 1996 ) .
Hence more often than not , one should be frank with one 's family and not withhold any results from the genetic test .
An example would be one 's family shifting from their usual unhealthy diet to a healthier one .
However , even though the disclosure empowers one 's relatives take precaution measures , it might end up causing an increased anxiety among family members ( Cancer.net Editorial Board , 2009 ) .
Thus , it is crucial that one should tell their family .
In this respect , one should tell their relatives to be able to receive emotional concern , prevent any stress build up and allow one 's family to take precaution against the particular disease .
There are certain disorders that exist such that they would have adverse effects on the health of individuals .
Privacy and discrimination supports the fact that the carrier should not be obliged to disclose the information to his relatives .
Firstly , a carrier should not be obligated to disclose information to his relatives as he has the individual rights as a patient to privacy .
Everyone has his own rights to decide whether their personal information should be revealed to third parties .
Without privacy , the person would feel violated as he does not have the right to withhold his information of his disorder .
Secondly , discrimination from the relatives affects the carrier 's decision in revealing his condition .
One might never know how the relatives would react upon knowing the condition of the carrier .
For example , some relatives would have the thinking that the genetic risk of the carrier would bring about bad reputation to them and they would start to distant themselves and try to lose all contact from him .
Discrimination has been found to have harmful effects on people such as a high risk depression .
It is already bad for a carrier to have a genetic risk , it would be much worse if depression strikes him .
Thus a carrier should not be obligated in telling his relatives about his genetic risk .
" The genetic relative could adopt preventive health measures if he or she knew the test result " ( Bioethics Advisory Committee Singapore , November 2005 ) .
However , time is the important aspect as one has to think of the consequences before revealing .
It would not be the right time to disclose to her pregnant sister as it may affect her foetus .
Time is also an important factor just like the phrase " the right time " goes .
The controversy of whether carriers of a known genetic risk should be obligated to tell his or her relatives has been highly debated within the bioethics community ( Mehlman , 2009 ) .
In addition , families can also help in reducing the risk of the next generation .
Firstly , revealing the results to their family can have a positive psychological effect to the individuals .
After upon receiving the bad news from the test , individuals may feel discouraged and have a negative view of life , especially those who have family history of relatives who did not survive the disorder , for example , ovarian cancer ( Haidle , 2005 ) .
According to Scientific Blogging , statistics show that only nine percent of the mothers received negative responses while most of them received very encouraging responses ( News Staff , 2009 ) .
In addition , if only one parent has a genetic disorder , the offspring will have a fifty percent chance of getting ( Mehlman , 1999 ) .
" ( United Nations , 1948 ) .
Methods like assisted reproductive technology ( ART ) can be used to ensure only unaffected embryos were allowed to develop to term ( Norrgard , 2008 ) .
However , if carriers of genetic disorder , such as HIV , do not tell their family , their family , especially their spouse may have a potential risk of infection unknowingly .
Though the decision is made ultimately by the individuals , I think that it is necessary for them to inform their family .
In recent years of the 21st century , a vast majority of people has arrived at a similar cognitional conjunction of the general idea of genetic testing , which is extensively portrayed as an effective technique to identify crime suspects or catastrophe victims in various popular " crime scene investigation " television programmes .
If confirmed as the carrier of a particular genetic mutation or having increased risk of developing an inherited disease , those unfortunate subjects are not only instantaneously overwhelmed by negative emotions but also subjected to distress and burdensome in considering the consequences of their health conditions on their family members .
Various ethical and social complications arise from the differential opts of those inflicted subjects , to tell or not tell their families or relatives about the positive results of the genetic diagnosis .
Considering the genetically affected individual 's need of additional care and companion as well as the early detection of similar inherited disorder amongst their blood relatives , an individual of known genetic risk ought to disclose the results of genetic testing to their close relatives .
As accepting the occurrence or increased risk of developing genetic disorders is rather emotionally burdensome , affected patients should reveal the truth to their family members who are able to provide additional care and companion .
Moreover , scientific researches provide substantial evidences showing that the frequency of catastrophic outcomes such as suicide , attempted suicide and psychiatric hospitalization are significantly higher amongst those receiving Huntington 's disease predictive-testing results ( Almqvist , Bloch , Brinkman , Craufurd & Hayden , 1999 ) .
Thus , revealing one 's genetic condition to family members are proven to be an anecdote to sufferings from psychological pressures more beneficiary as compared to concealing the truth .
In addition , to inform family and relatives of one self 's unfavourable genetic conditions is an act of responsibility and care by which similar genetic testing can be executed for early detection and treatments .
Even though it does not guarantee a 100 percent accuracy ( Breast Cancer Organization ) , it is still used in fields like forensic investigations whereby a person 's identity could be determined through the test .
It is also utilized in medical diagnosis to reveal any genetic disorders ( Human Genome Project ) by basing one 's genes against a healthy standard of gene pool to spot for any forms of mutations .
Its cost range from hundreds to thousands of dollars in accordance to the number and size of genes tested ( Human Genome Project ) .
Genetic testing is a form of medical examination that determines whether an individual is at risk or diagnosed to have any inherited genetic disorders or has the potential to pass it on to the next generation ( MedlinePlus , 2009 ) .
If the individual does not have the final say in revealing the test results of a positive genetic disorder , there will be a breach of patient confidentiality when the individual has earlier on requested not to reveal the results and may cause even further distraught and strain within the family , even if the individual will reveal to the loved ones at a later timing .
Therefore , the individual requesting genetic testing should have the final say in whether to reveal the result of such testing , since the individual will be the one answerable and holding sole responsibility in the repercussion of informing or withholding the results outcome .
Firstly , an individual will face genetic discrimination if the individual does not have the final say in revealing a positive result of genetic disorder test .
For instance , an insurance company will refuse to provide any insurance coverage for an individual who may have had been tested positive of a genetic disorder or has a high probability of acquiring a genetic disorder , since the insurance company finds it a loss to make a payout to an 'already or potentially-sick ' individual .
In America , a new federal law referred to as the Genetic Information Nondiscrimination Act ( GINA ) was passed in 2008 , to prevent discrimination from insurance companies and employers ( National Human Genome Research Institute , 2009 ) .
When the individual is discovered for having a genetic disorder and not declaring the status beforehand , the individual will bear all the consequences , which includes genetic discrimination since the individual had the choice to weigh on the pros and cons of the matter before the individual made a decision on keeping the condition to himself .
Secondly , if the individual requesting genetic testing does not have the final say in whether to reveal the result of such testing , the individual will have problems with his loved ones , such as stress within the family and strained family relationships ( FamilyDoctor.org , 2005 ) .
For example , if the family of the individual finds out through the family physician instead of the individual 's self , the family will be upset since the individual chose to hide the information .
Even if the individual chooses to tell the family at a later timing for the benefit of not wanting to worry his loved ones , the family will on the other hand feel that it was irresponsible of the individual not to share his/her burden with the family , since the family had to find out the truth from another party .
Arguments put forth in individuals should not be the one having the final say in revealing the genetic test result are weak .
However , even if the genetic test result was positive , it does not infer that the individual has defective genes but it is just that the individual is at a higher risk of acquiring the disease ( Genetic Home Reference , 2009 ) .
" ( Bio Tec 2009 ) However once a test result has been conducted , the individual faces a dilemma of whether he should inform his relatives about his results of his genetic test .
According to Cambridge , obligated has been defined as " something that one must do because of a rule or law .
" ( Cambridge , 2003 ) It is to be noted that it is not against the law if the carrier keeps the results of the genetic test private , as everybody has his own rights in deciding on what should be revealed to the ones around him .
" ( Singapore Constitution 1999 ) .
" ( American Constitution ) Most notably , the word 'liberty ' appeared in both Constitutions .
One of the definitions for liberty is the " freedom from obligation , " which clearly meant that it is perfectly legal for the individual to withhold his genetic tests ' results from third parties , and thus is under no obligation to disclose his results .
All people under the state laws are entitled to freedom the freedom of speech , and most importantly the freedom to decide and choose for himself .
This can allow or prompt the rest of the family to go for similar test to determine if they have developed the same genetic disorders .
Early detection allows the carrier to undergo treatment earlier when the genetic problem is still at its infant stage , and thus the problem will be easier to control as compared to its latter stage .
Furthermore , direct relatives of the individual can also plan for their own future , with the knowledge that whatever future plans that they might have , they have to put into account of the genetic disorder .
Thus it is absolutely vital morally for the affected individual to inform his relatives of his genetic disorder , so as to prepare his relatives psychologically , medically and financially .
However , critics might want to argue that his relatives will alienate him , and thus making the individual feel isolated and uncared for .
In conclusion , I believe that the individual is not obligated to inform his or her relatives about his genetic problems , either legally or be it personal rights .
However , he still must have the moral responsibility to inform his relatives about his genetic disorders so as to prepare the latter psychologically , medically and financially .
According to US national institute of health , genetic testing is the examination of a person 's DNA taken from cells in his or her blood , tissues or other body fluids that exhibit a disease or disorder ( Dr. Richard K. ) .
Is is often used to detect certain suspected inherit disease in an individual or family .
However , when a person is confirmed with certain genetic risk , a question arises is it an obligation for the person to tell his or her relatives about the risk ?
Firstly , a known genetic risk carrier is obligated to tell his or her relatives is because of their right to know .
This allow them to have mental preparation about what will possibly happen and to react to the risk .
The right of relatives or families to know the genetic test results can be seen in a WHO report on medical genetic issues ( http : //www.who.int ) , which address family members have a moral obligation to share genetic information with each another , and thus they can choose whether to be tested themselves .
Secondly , a known genetic risk carrier is obligated to tell his or her relatives is due to there is possibility to save their lives .
If the relatives are known of their possible risk in genetic disease , they can perform genetic test for themselves .
In some circumstances , it is able to cure a genetic disease in early stage .
This allows the relatives of a genetic disease patient , or even the patient itself , to recover fully from the disease .
For instance , according to US national institute of health ( http : //www.accessexcellence.org ) , when tumors of colon cancer are caught early , the chances for survival are the greatest and this prevent thousands of cancer death a year .
Some people may argue that if a carrier of known genetic risk tells his or her relatives about the risk , he or she will be abandoned by families .
Nevertheless , this is not true as relative or family members do help each another when one is in difficulty .
In contrast to abandon , they will give supports and pay more attentions to the patient .
These encouragements always make a patient to be more confident and brave , thus increasing their chances for survival in some cases .
However , this is unfounded there are countries who implement laws to address such discrimination and to protect these genetic disease patients .
For example , according to the American Society of Human Genetics ( http : //www.ashg.org ) , Americans with Disabilities Act ( ADA ) is implemented to deal with employers involve in genetic discrimination .
With effective implementation of laws to protect genetic disease patients , they should always be encouraged and prompted to reveal the genetic test results to his or her relatives so that they could benefit from the testing equally .
For instance , if the individual has a dominant gene for Huntington 's disease , his family members including the next generation might be carriers of this disease and may suffer physically and emotionally in the later age of their lives .
Furthermore , the result from genetic testing might also cause family members to be discriminated by the society .
Thus , it would be not fair if the individual just keep the information and not share it so that the family members could be prepared of the implications .
Being aware that they are at high-risk , they might research and find out the possible problems and solutions .
Thus , they would be able to make sound decision with this new knowledge .
For instance , if the family member is informed that she is in high risk of a genetic disease like cystic fibrosis that may cause suffering to her child , she might soon discover that this disease is treatable as soon as the child is born .
When she give birth to a child , she would immediately send her child for diagnose and treatment .
Similarly , if the disease is untreatable , the family member could make decision to terminate the child so that the disease will not affect the next generation .
There are counselors and specialists who will aid the individual and family members in recovering .
These professionals will also share information to the family members and allow them to be more prepared for the future .
In conclusion , the individuals carrying genetic risk should be obligated to inform their family members as they should be responsible and fair to their family members and not depriving the members from taking early measures against the disease .
However , genetic testing has brought issues on the problem of ethical and social , not only to the individuals as well as their family members ( Norrgard 2008 ) .
Firstly , the advantage of genetic testing is to predict the individuals ' chance of developing or passing an inherited disorder onto their offspring has raised a concern whether the carriers to tell their relatives ( Procter 2002 ) .
Jacobs and Deatrick ( 1999 ) reported , " The view of an entire-family can be affected by the identification of a family specific mutation .
" Norrgard ( 2008 ) cited that an individual who is discovered Huntington 's disease has an ethical obligation to reveal the truth of genetic result to their relatives .
Procter ( 2002 ) supported his view that the adults will have the better decision-making to undergo genetic testing that helps to reduce the chance of developing an inherited disorder or passing disorder onto their offspring .
However , individuals ' decisions can be influenced by the fear of developing an inherited genetic disorder and the negative genetic results as a result of avoiding close relationships with their family members ( Procter 2002 ) .
Therefore , individuals should have ethical obligation to reveal the truth of result to their relatives so that they can be treated effectively or prevented if detected with disease such as cancer .
Secondly , the limitation of genetic tests such as the social issue has been taken into account of whether to reveal the genetic results to their relatives .
Norrgard ( 2008 ) argues that the concern of the family members is the social problem of the identification of an inherited disease gene in a family .
Furthermore , Norrgard ( 2008 ) also points out that the revealing of genetic information will cause the family members to be discriminated by the insurance company and employers and families who have the risk of developing an inherited disease or disorder .
However , the Federal law has implemented the Genetic Information Nondiscrimination Act to prevent individuals from being discriminated by the insurance company and employment ( Norrgard 2008 ) .
In conclusion , it is the responsibility and decision-making of individuals to inform their family members upon deciding the benefits and limitations of the genetic result .
Genetic testing , a testing that looks at a person 's genetic makes up , is able to confirm diagnosis of individuals who are at risk of certain genetic disorders like the Huntington 's disease , { cystic fibrosis , Tay-Sachs disease , breast cancer and so } [ HYPERLINK : http : //www.nature.com/scitable/topicpage/Diagnosing-Down-Syndrome-Cystic-Fibrosis-Tay-Sachs-646 ] forth .
Despite the fact that genetic testing helps to improve one 's life , it is always surrounded by moral and ethical issues that includes family-related ethical dilemma when a potential carrier of a genetic disorder is tested to be a positive result .
However , since family history always serves as a guide for genetic testing as passing the mutated genes within the family is of high possibility , results of genetic testing would have implications in the individual who tested it , and as well as the family members .
Hence , carrier of a known genetic risk should be obligated to tell his or her relatives once the genetic test has been conducted and the results are known .
Since there is no symptom of such disease in the early and most treatable stage , revealing of testing result by the carrier would alert the relevant third party to undergo similar testing and receive necessary treatments if it is a positive result .
Some may argue that third party should have done regular check up to monitor personal health condition instead of starting to do so when there is a carrier in the family .
However , self-examine has low accuracy in detection of breast cancer while other method like mammography is only meant for women who age 40 years old and above ( georgiahealthinfo.gov , n.d. ) .
This might be relatively inefficient in term of early detection of the disease as female at young age would also be exposed to the risk of getting breast cancer .
" Families saw the disease destroy their loved ones ' ability to feel , think , and move " ( MedicineNet.com , n.d. , p.3 ) indicates the consequence of this incurable genetic disorder that is passed on within the family , if the carrier is not obligated to reveal the testing results .
It is also worth noting that revealing a genetic testing result to the relevant third party would eventually help the carrier to seek more advices to choose the best medical decisions .
In conclusion , carrier of a known genetic risk should be obligated to reveal the results to the relevant third party as it benefits both the carrier and his or her family members .
Obligation to reveal the results would help the family members in early detection of the genetic disorder which is followed by treatment , make important life decisions and facilitate the carriers to choose the best medical decisions .
Genetic testing provides us with information that if someone has a symptom ; shows whether a person is a carrier for a genetic disease ; help expectant parents know whether an unborn child will have a genetic disease etc ( Access Excellence @ National Health Museum ) .
There are many types of genetic diseases such as the Down Syndrome , Huntington 's disease , cystic fibrosis , hemophilia A , and hereditary breast and ovarian cancer .
However , genetic testing has raises numerous ethical issues ; one of them concerning consent and confidentiality of the tested individual identified to be a carrier of a known genetic risk .
Whether an individual with the genetic disease choose to disclose the genetic information to the family members depends on how they gauge the risks and benefits of revealing the truth , their sense of responsibility towards them and most importantly how it affects them ( Agatha & Angst 2009 ) .
It is understood that individuals who carry the disease do not wish to reveal his or her genetic results due to privacy issues or fear that their family members are not ready to accept it .
For example , strenuous exercise can cause sudden death in people with genetic diseases such as hypertrophic cardiomyopathy ( Agatha &Angst 2009 ) .
It is inherited as an autosomal dominant trait therefore it is high possibility that if an individual tested positive , his or her siblings would has one in two chance of carrying the same genetic mutation .
Thus , it is obligate to notify relatives so that early recognition and treatment of the disease , if present , can be done .
To share one 's genetic results to relatives also in a way protect their own safety at work or any other situations .
Also , for those people who are carriers of thalassemia when exposed to lead or benzene , it is hazardous to their health and causes adverse effects .
By revealing their genetic testing results to their relatives , their family members will be able to help them take note of what he or she should avoid and assess the occupational risks at their workplace .
Thus , an individual with known genetic risk should be obligated to tell his or her relatives to protect themselves from potential dangerous environments and ensure their personal safety .
There is also a legal requirement , the privacy rule of the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 that the health care providers have to respect and protect patients ' privacy of health information ( Agatha & Angst 2009 ) .
However , this legal requirement is decided on a case-to- case basis as there are situations that a clinician may consider necessary intervention ; that is , notifying their family members for some life- threatening cases .
For example , individuals with mutations that predispose them to malignant hyperthermia may die if they were under the use of certain surgical anaesthesia ( Agatha & Angst 2009 ) .
In conclusion , the carrier of a known genetic risk should be obligated to tell his or her relatives to protect his or her family 's health as well as protecting his or hers ' own safety .
Nowadays , as scientific advances are no longer a norm , our understanding of genes and how they affect our health and cause diseases has deepened .
A diagnostic test capable of identifying diseases causing genes known as genetic testing was developed along with our knowledge on gene .
The disclosure of genetic test result , particularly a result that shows a person has a risk of getting a certain diseases or disorder will lead to social discrimination during employment and during purchase of insurance .
In addition , there are three vulnerable groups of people in our society that requires protection if they were to undergo genetic testing .
Firstly , the discovery of a policy holder 's test result , which showed that he might have a risk for certain disease , may prompt the insurance company to increase the price of the premium the policy holder has to pay in order to be fair to other policies holder .
Although in this way , it seemed fair to the rest of the society , the individual having the risk is being discriminated against .
Furthermore , by allowing access to the test result , it can cause problems in the workplace .
Employers have the tendency to employ the people with little or possibly no health problems .
" If the carrier of a genetic risk should decide not to tell his relatives or a third party about the outcome , he should not be compelled further to as this violets his rights a living .
Thirdly , there are three special categories of people in our society that need considerations .
As they are young and handicap , they might be immature to know the consequences after they reveal their results of genetic testing .
Then , in this case , should they be obliged to tell their relatives or the public ?
The possible unduly stress and social stigmatism that they could face might prove difficult for them to handle at such tender age .
In the United States , even though there is Americans with Disabilities Act protecting them from social discrimination , no one can guarantee that all employers followed the law .
Critics might argue that since genetic test result only show the risk of getting a particular disease or disorder , it does not necessary imply the individual has them and therefore , they should share the test result with their relatives to allow them to seek early prevention .
However , they failed to consider his relatives ' reactions towards him just like how people react to Human Immunodeficiency Virus ( HIV ) patients .
In conclusion , individual should not feel obligated to disclose their genetic test result .
In fact , they should have all the rights to decide what to do with it because the repercussions that arose from the act of revealing are very serious .
Thus , individual should decide what is best for him .
For an inheritable genetic disease , the carrier refers to the person who has the gene related to the disease , but the disease may not necessarily be expressed in his or her but it may be manifested in their offsprings .
This means that the child have to bear with the possibility of the onset of the disease and subsequent repercussion if the genetic disease is confirmed .
Hence , by letting the relatives know about the genetic risk , they can offer moral support such as giving words of encouragement , paying more attention to the carriers and assuring them that it is not their fault that they have the undesirable gene .
Hence , the support garnered from family members may boost the carriers ' self-esteem and motivational level , knowing that they do n't have to walk this journey alone .
One argument to obligate is that family members have their rights to information about themselves and their loved ones .
Many genetic disorders worsen over time and have long-term health consequences thus the disclosure of the results for an inherited disease is beneficial for early treatment and prevention of the disorder to save lives .
The results of genetic testing may open doors for potential discrimination in terms of job opportunities and insurances .
A federal measure , the Genetic Information Nondiscrimination Act ( GINA ) , was signed into law in the United States , to provide protections against genetic discrimination ( Norrgard 2008 ) .
Hopefully , with the recent passage of GINA in the U.S. , discrimination of inheritable carriers can be removed and people will feel comfortable working with genetic counselors who can provide information about the pros and cons of the genetic test and discuss the social and emotional aspects of testing to undergo genetic tests and disclose the results that contribute to better management of health care and life choices .
With medical technology advances today , genetic testing have been commonly used to detect any disorders or diseases that is present in our genes .
It is a method where the person 's DNA is taken and isolated to test for the presence of any defects or a specific genes that could cause any future onset of disorders or diseases ( Genetic testing , n.d. ) .
Since the test involves genes and in general , every human has it , the carrier of a known genetic risk should be obligated to tell his or her relatives .
If the carrier is known to have a genetic risk , there may be a chance where other family members or relatives get that disorder or disease which may be found in their genes .
This will allows them to take precautious and preventive measures about their health condition .
When the other family members or relatives have an early detection of such diseases like Marfan syndrome , they are able to take preventive measures early like consulting a doctor , take medications that could slow down the heart rate in order to prevent stress on the aorta and avoid having sports in prevention of injuring the heart ( Haldeman-Englert , C. , May 15 , 2008 ) .
Lastly , genetic testing promotes in developing a support group system .
This is where a positive carrier of a specific genetic risk knows that they are not alone and they could give provide referrals for respite care , medical and hospice services , tips for care-giving and et cetera ( Drellishak R. , May 25 , 2003 ) .
So , when other family members or relatives is tested positive for the disorder or disease , at least they know that they are not alone and they could rely on the support group for any advices or any moral or emotional support from them .
In conclusion , the carrier of a known genetic risk is obligated to tell his or her relatives so that to prevent further spread of the genetic disorder , to take early preventive measures and to give moral support to those who have the same genetic risk .
While some argue that under certain circumstances , the non-disclosure of relevant genetic information brings harms to the individual and a third party , it in fact helps to protect an individual 's right to confidentiality , safeguard against discrimination and reduce psychological stress .
An individual has the right of keeping his or her genetic test result confidential , and without granting consent of the individual , the test result should not be disclosed .
Admittedly , genetic testing raises legal issue , however , an individual who tested positive for a genetic disease has to decide whether to make known the results of genetic testing to relevant third parties such as family members or relatives who have the possibility of passing on the similar disease .
Regardless of the individual 's right to confidentiality , the test results are disclosed under certain circumstances such as the non- disclosure of relevant genetic test results brings harms to the individual and also the third parties ( Lee , 2005 ) .
In the United States , federal law Genetic Information Non-discrimination Act ( GINA ) has passed on to protect the individuals at risk for genetic diseases from facing discrimination by insurance companies and employers based on the results obtained from genetic testing ( Public Law , 2008 ) .
Under this act , it prohibits employers from making unfavourable employment decisions and prohibits insurance companies from reducing insurance coverage .
Although some argue that genetic testing raises social issue , these individuals may face discrimination from employers , insurance providers and society .
It is more difficult for these individuals in applying for job employments and life and health insurance coverage .
Although some argue that genetic testing raises ethical issue , the individual faced a lot of psychological stress such as anxiety , fear and guilt when undergoing the process of genetic testing .
The individual is in ethical dilemma of whether sharing the genetic test results within the families .
Daily exposure to strong UV radiations by sunlight and chemical substances or carcinogens will definitely have great impacts on human health .
According to National Cancer Institute ( n.d. ) in the United States , genetic testing is a DNA analysis done to disclose the increased risk of development of a certain disease or disorder caused by genetic mutation .
Although genetic testing has remarkably improved our life , it still gives rise to many controversial issues , especially in ethical concerns .
If ones have unfortunately been verified positive results in their genetic test , this would more or less place them in ethical dilemma , whether they should reveal the results to their family members .
Anyhow , as a member in the family , it is obligated to tell the genetic test results to own relatives .
First of all , sharing information and test result with family can reduce potential disease and even cancer risk among the relatives .
For instance , women from family with hereditary breast cancer should undergo genetic test or counselling to estimate the expectancy of getting it .
This would rather reduce the chance of getting the cancer if preventative measures have been taken earlier .
Some carriers of genetic diseases object to tell their genetic test results as they think that such disclosure would not help in curing those disorders .
At the same time , different curable and controlled treatments can also be carried out for certain diseases , for examples , Adenosine deaminase deficiency and asthma .
Therefore , sharing test results with family might relief those emotional effects and keep them away from gloomy thoughts .
Some patients and carriers oppose to disclose the test results as they worry that they will be discriminated at home and experience self-abasement .
Furthermore , grief will only aggravate patient 's condition .
Consequently , consolation , support and solicitude of relatives are very important once the individuals are tested positive for genetic diseases .
Besides that , family members can have proper planning before giving birth if medical history of hereditary disease in the family is known .
Children may have 50 percent chances of inheriting the mutated genes from disease-affected parents .
Children suffer from this disease will have slower development in both physical and mental .
To ensure healthy state of individuals with ICC , proper cares , specifically avoidance of triggering events in daily routine , should be delivered by kinfolks ( Burton , H. , Alberg , C. , Stewart , A. , 2009 ) .
All in all , individuals have the rights to conceal their genetic test results in order to protect own privacy .
In addition to the importance of sharing genetic test results to reduce disease risk and practise family planning , support but not discrimination by family is the foremost form of assistance to those are tested positive for genetic diseases during their illness .
Genetic testing is whereby an individual 's gene is tested for abnormalities , susceptibility for diseases or any genetic disorder that can lead to either physical or mental problems , including both .
Since the affected individual shares similar gene within the family , he or she is obligated to let his or relatives know about the genetic condition .
Firstly , it may help prevent the individual from encountering a situation where he is denied of insurance coverage when the health insurer finds out the affected individual could prone to a one or more genetic disease due to family history .
Such cases happen due to the health insurer is bent on making money , with no care on whether the person is in ill health ( Townsend , 1997 ) .
Even if it is to be declared , there will not be a change in premium charges as compared to those who declared who has a family history but has not gone for genetic tests .
Thereby , it can help ensure that the affected person is able to be under insurance coverage , providing some security especially financial security including for the family members .
Secondly , having one genetic condition assessed , it gives the affected individual the freedom of making an informed choice concerning the type of job or employment that he or she can undertake , with the inclusion of one 's safety and health .
This helps the individual to avoid certain occupations that might increase the risk of having to be ill health or end up in a life threatening situation during one 's course of work ( Nuffiel Council , 1997 ) .
An example would the Huntington 's disease , a neurological disorder where loss of motor control is one of the symptoms , if a particular employee in a construction yard has such a disease , not only it poses high risk to himself but also to the other employees ( Mclean , 2008 ) .
In the United Kingdom , there is the Employment Protection ( Consolidation ) Act 1978 which helps to ensure fairness on the employee 's part after a genetic screening .
Thirdly,by letting the family members and relatives made known of an individual genetic risk a particular disorder such as Huntington 's Disease , it made them aware that such a genetic disease runs within the family .
In short , when the relatives of the individual who is tested positive for a certain genetic disease , may have raised fears such as unable to obtain insurance or loss of job , it does not necessarily mean that it will happen as there are policies and regulations implemented to help those who are genetically discriminated .
Genetic testing basically uses laboratorial techniques to examine the genes of an individual and identify any inheritable disease like Huntington 's disease present .
Thus , individuals with such genetic disease but do not suffer from it are called carriers as they can pass it on to their future generations .
However , there are some ethical and social issues regarding to whether family of the carrier should inform his or her relatives .
Although these issues are inevitable , the carrier should ultimately obligated to reveal the genetic test results to the family members as the benefits of it would outweigh any other problems .
Firstly , disclosure of genetic test results to family members can reduce the risk of danger of the genetic disorder by treating it early and before any effects of the illness starts kick in .
Treatable genetic disease like hemophilia which causes excessive bleeding in damaged tissues and occurs usually in the beginning of adulthood .
( Gene Reviews ) Hence , this is crucial to save a hemophiliac from over bleeding especially if he or she is unaware of such condition .
Next , it is important to inform siblings and children of the genetic disease they might contract and also the possibility of passing those harmful genes to their children if they plan to have .
Possible heredity genes can attribute to a child 's mental retardation and this eventually leads to social discrimination and also the sufferings the parents and the affected child have to bear .
Not only , can the notified family members know of the consequence they might face , some can be treated during the fetal stage of the pregnancy .
Such genetic disorder like Gaucher disease can be identified early and treated in time via biweekly of enzyme infusion .
( EmaxHealth ) Therefore , with the genetic test result at hand , family members can decide whether to bear children with possible genetic disorder which would affect their lives drastically and also set preventive medical treatments that can be resolved early to their unborn .
( Human Genome Project Information ) Therefore , disclosing genetic test result to family members would only cause unnecessary anxiety to them , which can greatly affect their quality of life .
On the other hand , proponents can argue that life should not be gambled with and especially when it involves with the loved ones .
Hence , it is not ethically wrong to inform relatives of the carrier about the possible risk and the decision to whether they should undergo similar genetic testing would then be up to them .
In conclusion , the disclosure of genetic disorder of the carrier to the relatives can be very beneficial to their welfare as they can take preventive medical intervention and also decide whether to bear a child who might suffer the similar effects .
Although genetic testing is not always definite in predicting illnesses , no one would ever know if the genetic disease might occur and early prevention can ultimately saves the individual 's life .
If an individual discover after a genetic test that he has a high risk of developing certain disease , it would mean that his family member who share similar genes may be at risk as well ( Forrest K , 2003 ) .
Not only it is his responsibility to share his genetic testing results with his family ( Forrest K , 2003 ) , informing his family members will give them a chance for early detection of the disease as well as to make necessary family planning ( Agatha M , Denise B and Kathleen A , 2009 ) .
Hence , carrier of a known genetic risk is obligated to tell his family members his genetic testing result .
Being in the same family , it is one 's responsibility to taking care of each other 's well-being ( Forrest K , 2003 ) .
Hence , to fulfill the responsibility as a member of the family , carrier of genetic risk should tell his relatives his genetic test result .
The relatives can make an informed decision as to whether they want to have a genetic testing done themselves .
Thus , genetic risk carrier should not hesitate to tell his relatives so that they can benefit from the information medically .
Genetic Testing grants us the ability to determine an individual 's paternity and his chances of getting a genetic disorder such as Down syndrome .
Since genetic testing requested by an individual involves the use of own genetic makeup , it is therefore against human rights to reveal the genetic testing results without their contest .
There are many controversies on the fairness in the use of genetic information by other third parties such as insurers , employers , adoption agencies , schools , military and courts .
Furthermore , revealing the results to the relatives can encourage them to be more health conscious and also to remind that to take go for frequent checkups since they might run the risk of having the same disorder too ( Weiss 1999 ) .
In conclusion , the revealing of genetic testing results may bring more problems than solutions to the individual and therefore they should be given the final say in whether to reveal the results .
The advantages of genetic testing include diagnosis of current or future diseases , prevention or early treatment and reduced disease risk in future generations ( American Association for Clinical Chemistry [ AACC ] , 2009 ; Riper , 2005 ) .
Some possible disadvantages include anxiety , stress and strained family relationships ( AACC , 2009 ; Riper , 2005 ) .
While sharing can improve workplace safety and family health , it may also lead to genetic discrimination or unnecessary stress for both the patient and his family ( Nuffield Council on Bioethics [ NCB ] , 1993 ; Sobel and Bursztajn , 2000 ) .
However , there are antidiscrimination laws and stressed individuals can seek genetic counseling ( AACC , 2009 ; Human Genome Management Information System [ HGMIS ] , 2008 ) .
Hence , an individual should be obligated to tell 3rd parties his genetic test results .
Firstly , sharing of genetic test results benefits the individual with regards to working environment .
Opponents of this position argue that revelation of genetic test results to 3rd parties will cause individuals to face genetic discrimination .
When an individual is identified to have a gene mutation associated with a disease , his family and relatives may also have that gene mutation .
His direct family has 50 percent chance of having the same mutation while his extended family has 25 percent chance of having the same mutation ( Norrgard , 2008 ) .
As science develops rapidly , genetic testing , one of the most advanced technology , has become a common component of medical care .
Therefore , these results should be told , no matter they are good or bad .
As we all know , genetic disorder is not contagious and there is no risk for those people who want to offer help .
However , sometimes when there is high pressure , like knowing they are having genetic disorder , the individuals can not make decisions properly , while their family and professional can take good care of them and make the best decision for them ( Forrest et al. , 2007 ) .
Someone may claim that other people 's decision may lead potential dangers for the person concerned ( Forrest et al. , 2007 ) , since we are not them and can not know exactly what they need .
Nowadays , as the technology of genetic testing has been well-developed , people who are at risk of genetic disorder may request for such testing to determine their health condition .
Revealing the results of individual genetic testing without individual 's permission may lead to invasion of privacy and social discrimination .
An important reason why individual should have the final say in whether to reveal the results of genetic testing is because people have the right to protect their privacy .
Because the results of genetic testing not only affect the person who takes the test but also relate to his family members , sometimes people may encounter dilemmas .
Individuals may make different decision depending on their situations .
For example , after undergoing genetic testing , people may find out that their siblings also have the same genetic disorder with themselves .
Some may suggest that it is an ethical responsibility for people who are found to have genetic disorder to inform the results to their family members .
However , since currently there is no legislation forcing people to do so , the results should be treated as privacy and should be protected ( Norrgard 2008 ) .
If the results of individual genetic testing are revealed to employers and insurance companies , employers may not hire people who are diagnosed by with certain disease .
Likewise , insurance companies may also refuse to serve people who have high risk of some disease ( Maxwell & Mehlman 1999 ) .
Opponents may argue that law can be used as a mean to protect against genetic discrimination .
To conclude , since genetic testing results are people 's privacy and revealing them may cause social discrimination , the individual requesting genetic testing should have the final say in whether to reveal the results of such testing .
Oxford Dictionary defines genetic testing as the sequencing of human DNA in order to discover genetic differences , anomalies , or mutations that may prove pathological .
While the individual has no legal or professional obligation to inform his relatives , he nevertheless has a very strong moral obligation to do so as his relatives who may have inherited the condition can take action to improve the prognosis as well as prepare themselves mentally and socially , not revealing this information can be interpreted as negligence on the part of the carrier , and telling his relatives will allow them to anticipate lifestyle changes to accommodate his condition as well as readies them for possible financial strain that may be brought about .
First of all , it is a known fact that genetic conditions may be hereditary and thus indirectly involves the relatives of the carrier as well , putting the carrier 's relatives at a possible risk having the condition as well .
While some might say that there is no point of knowing if a disease has no cure , knowing has its benefits as it not only prepares the individual in the physical aspects of the disease but also the psychological aspects .
He will be able to work towards acceptance of the fact that he might have the condition and be able to adapt easily to it in the event that the condition manifests ; as opposed to the condition striking suddenly without prior warning .
Finally , the financial effect of the disease on the carrier and his relatives must also be considered in the ethical reasoning of this argument as the financial aspects of a disease may be far reaching especially for families in the low income group .
Some have suggested that the issue is related to privacy concern and the disclosure of genetic information may cause anxiety , guilt , depression and other disadvantages in both individuals and their relatives ( Norrgard , 2008 ) .
According to a documented research done by Clarke , Richards , and Kerzin-Storrar , among the 40,000 clients attending genetics clinics over a 1-year period world-wide , only 65 were reported as non- disclosure cases a frequency of non-disclosure that was shown to be less than 1 % of all genetics consults .
Genetic information is relevant to both the carrier of a known genetic risk and his or her relatives due to " genetic heritage " ( Wertz , 2003 , p.50 ) , thus for relatives who are unaware of their risk may experience consequences for personal health and family planning ( Forrest et al , 2007 ) .
In fact many published guidelines for genetic information disclosure have listed down explicit statements such as 'family ' , 'family members ' or 'relatives ' to broadly include some who are at risk of a genetic condition .
This can be achieved through personal understanding or advices given by genetic health professionals ( Gaff , 2007 ) .
In summary , the carrier of a known genetic risk should be obligated to tell his or her relatives because the sense of responsibility to inform the relatives with crucial genetic information outweighs concern about affecting the individual by imparting " bad " or potentially unwelcome news .
Gene is the basic heredity unit in all living organism its properties concerns families and kinship of all humans .
It is the study of how characteristics are passed down through generations .
The ability to identify more genes which are related to specific disorders increases dramatically as the genetic technology develops vigorously in this modern time .
Some of those who receive positive testing result , despite the shock and the devastating situation that they face , will consider the interests of other family members and inform their relatives of the existence of this genetic risk in the family .
Thus , there is a need for carrier of a known genetic risk to be legally obligated to tell his or her relatives .
If they are being alerted of such condition , they will be able to seek possible treatments and receive warnings to avoid detrimental environment stimuli .
For example , malignant hyperthermia syndrome is an autosomal dominant disorder where life-threatening condition will be triggered by regular anesthesia .
Prior warning of a carrier can actually prevent unexpected death of blood relatives during their surgeries ( Andrews , 1994 ) .
Moreover , information of genetic risk from a carrier will serve as guidance in his or her relatives ' reproductive decision makings .
After knowing of possible genetic condition , one may think twice before deciding to conceive a child .
They will tend to avoid passing on the undesirable condition to their children , hence they may seek proper guidance through counseling before consider to conceive a child .
Knowing of this dormant genetic disease earlier certainly allows the patients to make decision whether to build a family or not to , or for those who already have their own families - whether to conceive children or not to because there is a 50 % chance of passing the mutated gene to the offspring for each pregnancy .
In addition , informed relatives who then find out their genetic condition - whether they are a carrier or sufferer of that particular genetic disease or not , are given a chance to secure financial schemes for future use .
Furthermore , their family members are granted the time to equip themselves with the knowledge and ability to take care of said patients for an extended period of time in future .
Undoubtedly , privacy advocates criticizes that such enforced obligation violates an individual 's autonomy .
They argue that for family interest to outweigh one 's autonomy is unethical because there may be cases where relatives use one 's genetic disorder information to their own advantages , rendering said individual to material loss and mishap social status .
For example , a woman can easily claim custody of her children from her formal husband who has Huntington 's disease , by asserting he will not have the ability to take care of their children in near future .
While it is true that the extreme circumstances mentioned do exist in the society , one must agree that relatives have their reserved rights too , to know about the presence of genetic risk within the family because no one has exclusive rights over his or her genes as they are shared among the family .
Spouses too have the rights to know when it comes to making a family just as he or she has equal rights over the children .
Therefore , carrier of known genetic risk should be legally obligated to inform relatives , not just morally responsible to do that .
In conclusion , legal obligation of carriers with known genetic risk to tell their relatives should be implemented as it bring about advantages such as preventing loss of lives and reducing uncertainties in potential patients ' futures .
As DNA technology advances , our ability to test individuals for genetic disorder is increasing significantly .
The controversial issue on whether one should be obliged to disclose the result of such testing remains a subject of great concern among the society ( Mehlman , M,1999 ) Individual genetic information should not be revealed to third party without authorisation of the tested individual because the fundamental right to privacy should be respected .
Also , the predictive nature of genetic testing suggests that there is no need to allow the results made public .
Firstly , based on the context of confidentiality and privacy , individuals ' right to privacy ought to maintain confidentiality of the genetic makeup .
One may perceive privacy as an overrated right.. .
Thus , a positive or a negative outcome does not rule out the possibility for one to contract certain genetic disorder since it only gives a probabilistic indicator of the chances to develop certain diseases based on inherited conditions .
The disclosure of such result might make the other family members to worry unnecessarily .
However , for most adult-onset conditions , knowing a child 's genetic status will not affect the course of the disease or its treatment .
Moreover , the society is already well educated on the way to prevent cancer .
It is through the maintenance of healthy lifestyle coupling with routine medical checkups .
They might also be turned down job promotions .
Due to profit-wise considerations , one 's privilege to different schemes of insurance converge might be limited .
One might even be excluded from health insurance coverage when one 's gene status shows flaw .
As such , the Genetic Information Nondiscrimination Act ( GINA ) is implemented to prevent health insurers and employers to discriminate against a person 's genetic predispositions ( Allison , 2008 ) .
One may argue that following the safeguards established , it should be able to hinder away the needless worries .
However , Norrgard,K ( 2008 ) pointed out that current regulations lack adequate enforcement mechanism .
Assurances of protection is more difficult to come by , after all , the decisions made are still largely dependent on the subjective perception of the society .
In conclusion , the decision of examinee to have their results of genetic testing disclosed or to refuse them should be voluntary and should not be interfered with .
There has been an ongoing debate on whether doctors should reveal the results of genetic tests to others besides the individuals who have underwent the tests without their acknowledgement ( Lynch , 2008 ) , ( Ostrom , 1997 ) and ( Tanner , 2004 ) .
Hence individuals should have the final say in whether to reveal the results of their genetic tests to their relatives .
It is without a doubt beneficial to inform relatives that they might be at risk of developing a hereditary disease when individual 's genetic tests turn out to be positive ( University of Colorado Health Sciences Center , 2004 ) .
Insurance companies might have gotten hold of individual 's positive genetic tests without their consent to show their relatives why their insurance premiums were jerked up ( University of Colorado Health Sciences Center , 2004 ) or to explain why their bid to get insured was rejected ( Ostrom , 1997 ) .
Although there are regulations to prevent insurers from discriminating people with a higher chance of getting certain genetic diseases The Changes in Health Care Financing and Organization ( HCFO ) , 2005 ) , it might lead to higher insurance premium for everyone .
Hence , the results of individual 's genetic test should not be revealed to others unless individuals choose to as the information could be abused and their relatives would most likely be affected .
The individual requesting genetic testing should have the final say in whether to reveal the results of such testing .
Ethical issue such as whether an individual requesting genetic testing should have the final say in revealing the results remains shady .
Many argue that they should not have the final say as it benefits the general public as a whole .
In fact , by knowing the results , it might create unnecessary fear among people .
Not only that , the society might in turn discriminate the individual with an undesired result .
Furthermore , it is morally wrong to reveal the results without the individual 's consent as it intrudes one 's privacy .
Secondly , by revealing the results without the individual 's final say might cause unnecessary stress to others especially to their relatives .
An individual might chose not to reveal the outcome of the test as it might create anxiety on their loved ones .
With this , some might argue that this will impose more strain on the individual who is already facing the stress from reality , and therefore , revealing the results might unburden him or her .
Thirdly , by knowing the results of the genetic test on the individuals might cause discriminations against them .
As our genes are not controlled by us , it will be unfair to discriminate individuals based on their genetic makeup ( Norrgard , 2008 ) .
This not only hinder one 's potential , it will also affect the way the individual walk his or her remaining path of life .
Similarly , a health insurance company might deny an individual from having an insurance plan or might charge them at a higher rate if such results are disclosed to them .
Some might argue that this is necessary to prevent people from benefitting off from those insurance companies .
However , we must not forget the fact that we have no control on our genetic make-up .
As such it is not because that they want to benefit off from these companies , it is more of what they have to do in order to survive financially .
By doing so , we can respect each other 's privacy , minimize unnecessary stress on others as well as to eliminate discrimination against the already unfortunate individuals .
Genetic testing is a technique used to test for genetic disorder .
In genetic testing , patient 's DNA is being tested for mutation and patient 's DNA is obtained from his/her blood sample .
Reasons why people should go for genetic testing are to find out genetic diseases in babies and to find out whether a person carry a mutated gene might pass it on to their children .
Although some may argue that a carrier of a known genetic risk should tell his or her relatives about it , due to privacy concern issue , different emotional reactions of relatives or parents .
Firstly , revealing of genetic testing results raises an issue of privacy concern .
Individuals who found out that their genes were mutated have an increase risk in developing cancer or diseases .
Similarly , individuals who have the likelihood of developing cancer or diseases will have difficulties in obtaining insurances as individuals are likely to increase medical bills once they develop cancer or diseases .
Costs of their bills will be very high for insurance company .
Furthermore , it is unfair to discriminate individuals who have the likelihood of developing cancer or diseases as they themselves can not control their own genes .
Secondly , revealing of genetic testing results will result in different emotional reactions of relatives or parents .
This is because different people will react differently after knowing individuals genetic testing results .
For example , if individuals reveal their genetic testing results to their parent , their parents will feel very guilty and blame themselves as individuals had inherited their mutated gene ( s ) .
Individuals ' parents will not want to go for genetic testing as they feel that if one of them has a positive test result , they are the one who passed their mutated genes to individuals .
On the other hand , individuals ' parents may have a positive response to genetic testing results .
They will feel relieved that individuals have found an explanation on why individuals are suffering from cancer or diseases .
Therefore , emotional reactions of relatives or parents are unpredicted and it depends on the believed and mindset of relatives or parents of individuals .
Thus , to prevent relatives or parents to think negatively , a carrier of a known genetic risk should not be obligated to tell his or her relatives .
There is an argument stating that revealing of individuals ' genetic test result will benefit individuals ' relative or parents .
Although revealing of individuals ' genetic test result will benefit individuals ' relative or parents , not much preventive measures can be done to delay or lower the risk of individuals ' relative or parents from developing cancer or diseases .
Therefore , there is not a need to reveal individuals ' genetic test result as individuals can ask their parents or relative to undergo genetic testing without revealing their result .
In conclusion , revealing of genetic testing results will affect individuals .
Therefore , a carrier of a known genetic risk should not be obligated to tell his or her relatives due to privacy concern issue , negative emotional reactions of relatives or parents .
The human genome project began in 1990 , was an ambitious project with the aim of sequencing the 3 billion human DNA and identifying the genes present in these DNA.1 It is no doubt that this project is one of the most successful achievements in the field of biotechnology .
The information gathered enables one to know how the genetic makeup of human correlate to a particular cause of disease.1 However the availability of such test has brought about other ethical issues like , should the results be announced to the carrier of known genetic risk to his relatives .
Medical history of an individual is confidential , and prior into revealing the results to anyone ; one should seek the permission the individual and respect his privacy .
Although one might argue for the fact that the results might affect his immediate family and the carrier has the responsibility of informing them in order for them to take preemptive measures .
Those who took this stand overlook the very fact that genetic testing results only shows the present of the risk , it does not means that the linked disease will surely took place .
The immediate family might undergoes unnecessary stress only to discover that for that disorder might not had occurred at all .
The individual might risk being discriminated by his own family and thus the weight of revealing the results or not should lie solely on the individual .
Taking the test and knowing the results might be quite disturbing to the subject involved and might adversely affect his social life One may took the stand that if the subject knows that he is a carrier , he should tell his spouse about it and together make careful decision with regards to family planning .
One may also argue that he has moral obligation now to weight if he should even have children fearing of passing the risk to the next generation .
Those who took this stands are actually discriminating against an individual on a groundless basis , and removing his basic human right to even start and live in a normal family .
Many of such tests only revealed the fact that the subject is at a higher risk of developing the disorder with respect to one without that particular genetic makeup .
The results however will not predict when nor will it even really occurred.2 It is ironic that if one were to take a look at the other side of the coins at most of these statistically data , chances of the particular disorder not occurring for within the carriers is actually pretty much higher .
In conclusion , the decision of informing the subject immediate family should lie solely on the subject himself .
He has to access the pros and cons his of own unique situation and make a choice .
He should not be forced or under any external influences into reveal the test results , his privacy has to be respected .
One should recognize the fact that these results from genetic testing only point to the fact that one is only at a higher risk of developing the disorder , it does not mean the disorder will surely occurred .
Genetic testing is a testing that can check some genetic disorder or disease such as { Hemophilia } [ HYPERLINK : http : //en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hemophilia ] , Huntington 's disease and Marfan Syndrome , which means that this kind of disease has certain possibility to be inherited to the next generation .
Firstly , it is a general knowledge that until present , all kinds of genetic disease have no definite cure .
It seems to be doing no benefit by revealing the existence of the genetic disease to the carrier 's relatives .
This can actually prevent an unfortunate baby that would affect their entire life to be born .
Somehow , privacy is what people concern of the most when discussing this topic .
I could not agree more with the fact that the carrier 's privacy is sacrificed when he or she reveal off the testing result .
Nevertheless , family members should have the right to know the genetic information as they are genetically related to each other , which means that they are in the same risk also .
The outcome of bearing a heavy burden alone can be very serious that the person may end up devastated by the psychological disease rather than the genetic disease .
Sharing the result with relatives can indeed relieve the burden and fight against the disease or disorder together .
Some may say that the reveal of the result would cause tension within the family , it is yet true .
However , if one thinks it positively , it can in fact share the tension of that carrier with his or her family so that he or she does not have to carry it alone .
In conclusion , the carrier should be obligated to tell his or her relatives the result of genetic testing their benefit and of course the carrier 's own benefit .
When the result of the test is positive , once who have a genetic risk will receive appropriate treatments .
However , whether a carrier of such disease is obligated to tell his or her relatives has become a great concern since a last few years .
Although it is the right of the individual requesting genetic to decide to reveal the result or not ( Scientific American , 2008 ) , relatives of a carrier also have the right to be warned against any genetic risk and to received necessary treatment .
This will lead to some diseases , depends on which gene is mutated .
Being aware of it , they may choose to go through some genetic tests to check whether the disorder presents ( Scientific American , 2008 ) .
If the result is positive , then they will receive necessary treatments .
Although we have n't found how to cure many of such diseases yet , if it is detected soon , the life of the patient can be lengthened .
In fact , the reactions of people with disorders are different ( Cancer.net , 2009 ) thus we may not be diagnosed to have a cancer since we were young but it may present when we are at the middle age .
Knowing more about a risk of having a disease may help people to be more aware of its phenomenon , as well as more concern on their health ( Cancer.net , 2009 ) .
They may have medical check-up more frequently and if there is any disorder that can threaten their life , it will be identified soon and it is always better when we can control a disease when it has n't become worse .
It is because genetic disorder not only affect the health of carriers but also their life .
For example , a person who is diagnosed to have a serious disorder in a gene , which may lead to a rare disease , will have to think very carefully before getting married since his or her children can also have this disease also .
Moreover , genetic disorders usually have a great influence in carrier 's health .
It may decrease the working capability of the carrier , or some hidden disease can become worse if the carrier works too much , or lives in an extremely polluted place .
While children whose parents are diagnosed to have a genetic disease can very possibly to have it ( Genetic Home Reference , 2009 ) , they should be inform so that I can make suitable decision in choosing job , participating in hard activities and so on .
Although there is a concern that a positive test with a particular genetic disease can decrease the chance of the candidate in getting a job ( Fisher , 2009 ) since companies always want employees that can work as hard as they want , laws are passed in order to protect the victims of disorder ( Fisher , 2009 ) .
Moreover , carriers of disorders can receive supports from their relatives , especially from their family if they let them know about the diagnosis .
When a teenager is diagnosed to have a serious genetic disorder , she must tell her parents , since the doctor need the permission of her family before giving her any treatment .
It is said that parents may feel guilty because their may pass dangerous disorder over their children ( Cancer , 2009 ) .
However , when a carrier 's family know well about her health condition , she will receive more care , which is better for her in keeping her health in a good condition .
They will receive more encouragement , as well as other helps in money , medicine and so on ( Croft , 2009 ) .
Hence also help to increase the success rate of the treatment because when the patients really think of overcoming the disease , the process will go easily .
In conclusion,because it is a right of humans to know about the risk they are having , the carriers of disorders must tell his or her relatives about it .
It not only protects their relatives but also help them in fighting the diseases .
Over the years , genetic testing has been increasing used in clarifying a diagnosis for more targeted treatments and allowing families to avoid having children with devastating diseases .
However , may also be a precarious tool capable of invading an individual 's privacy and breaching confidentiality , thus , having a significantly negative impact on future public health .
Therefore , individual should have the final say whether to reveal the results of their own genetic testing .
According to these documents , anyone including all healthcare providers has no right to disclose individuals ' genetic information to a third party without the individual 's consent .
On the other hand , if the individual chooses to freely release such information to family members who may not be susceptible , could cause undue anxiety .
Admittedly , the imbalance control can result in negative consequences , but one can also adopt the view that a responsible person would wish to communicate relevant information to their family members who are interested in that information , and a responsible person is interested in that information , particularly where it may have a significance in future decisions that they might hold .
Supporting this notion , evidences from a government case study suggests that individual withholding genetic information from people , who may need to know , is not a common occurrence .
In addition , desirability of sharing information with family members is also emphasized through counseling and doctor 's persuading , but not made a condition as it does not supersede the individual 's right to privacy .
This however , is judged on a case by case basis , and is only approved if an individual 's decision causes potential damage rather than mere inconvenience and if the reason for refusal to give permission has evidences of malice .
Therefore , individual should still have the final say because the interest of the family members does not supersede individuals ' privacy and there is an assumed responsibility of individual to share relevant information , but even without doing so , family members would still be protected by the laws .
Employers would prefer to hire a " healthy worker " because they have a lower frequency of being absent through illness which translates to lower cost in work impairments , hiring temporary replacements and fewer precautions to be taken to deal with health and safety risks .
Moreover , genetic information can also deny a person with late onset of the disease of a particular job , for example a person with Huntington 's disease , being healthy most of his or her life time .
Though some employers claimed that knowing individuals ' genetic information can help them to take specific measures to protect individuals at risk of occupational diseases , it might not be feasible to the financial status of a company if such measures were to incur huge sums of money .
Therefore , individual should still hold the right and freedom to the final say because of possible employment discrimination as they have no legal protections .
In conclusion , individual should have the final say in revealing their own genetic testing results .
It is an assumed that individuals should be responsible in sharing relevant information with their family member after counseling .
Also , individual is susceptible to possible employment discrimination as currently they have no legal protections .
People undergo medical tests to determine if they have a certain type of inherited genes associated with the inherited disease and whether they are at risk of getting it ( A.M , 2009 ) .
However , there is an issue of whether these results should also be made known to the relatives of the individuals .
On one hand , the relatives of the individual should be given the right to know about it since it concerns them as well .
On the other hand , individuals have a desire to protect their relatives from troubling information , telling their relatives may strain family relationships and also , it is an issue of confidentially .
Hence , if they are not mentally and emotionally prepared to disclose such information , they should be given the right of not telling their relatives about it .
This helps them to make informed choices about their health and maybe seek treatment before the disease bloom .
Nonetheless , disclosure to family members may not respect their right of not to know .
Hence , one might not feel secured to disclose their genetic testing results to their family members .
Hence , I disagree that a carrier of a known genetic risk should be obligated to tell their relatives .
In order to confirm or rule out a suspected genetic condition or determine a person 's chance of developing or passing on a genetic disorder depends on the results of the genetic test .
Reproduction is encouraged between those presumed to have inheritable desirable traits while those have genetic defects are discouraged to reproduce .
The individual has privacy right to decide if he wants others to know of his genetic condition .
For example , if the individual feels that he will be strongly stigmatized and marginalized or once his relatives know of his genetic condition , they will treat him differently or abandon him as he is " tarnished " by a deadly gene , he may not want his relatives to know of his genetic condition , for fear of information being circulated .
On the other hand , critics argue that by revealing results of the carrier of known genetic risk to his relatives , this will benefit the relatives ' health and well-being greatly .
In this way , they can plan for their future and for those couples who want to have children of their own may think twice ( Lee , 2005 ) .
By revealing results to relatives , those with children may feel a sense of guilt as they are worried that they could have pass the genetic disorder to their children .
The individual requesting genetic testing should not have the final say in whether to reveal the results of such testing
Over recent years , genetic tests have grown in number , accuracy and availability .
Some people state that the individual requesting genetic testing should have the final say in whether to reveal the results of such testing .
But actually , they have spoken too high of the human rationality .
Here , I disagree with these people and want to assert that individual should not have the right to reveal the result .
Once you got some negative information about your genes as regards to these kinds of incurable diseases , the only thing you can do is just wait to die .
So individual requesting genetic testing should not have the final say in whether to reveal the results of such testing since it would cause serious psychological effect on people who do not want to know the results .
would be the discrimination in the society .
This kind of discrimination mainly regards to the unfairness on insurance coverage and employment .
For the insurance companies , in order to avoid bankrupt , they would reduce or just cancel their coverage on the genetic problems .
For the employment institutions , in order to keep high efficiencies on the output , they would reject employees with genetic problems .
For instance , they might argue that people should have the right or the freedom to control their privacy such as the genetic testing results .
If there is a great probability that freedom does harm to the society , it should definitely be banned .
But these people put too much belief on the genetic technology .
Thirdly , people may also argue that , for a society , in order to obtain the optimal benefits , it has to reject people who get genetic problems .
But this will definitely arouse serious moral problems in the society , which would buffer the development of the society .
Genetic testing is a technology which screens and examines the genes of a person to check whether he has a specific genetic disorders or diseases which are not able to be detected using common medical procedures .
This technology is one of modern technologies and has many effects in human life .
Genetic testing gives information for people to know their health conditions but this testing raises concerns about the ethical and psychological issues whether an individual taking the genetic testing must reveal the result to third parties such as family , employers and friends because the result can be stressful .
However , I agree that one must not disclose the result because the result not only concerns the individual life but also his family .
First , the result affects the future of one family as the genetic disorder can be inherited to the next generation and in event that some members of the family have this genetic disorder too .
After knowing the result , a couple should find ways to treat the disease before they are giving birth to a child because the child has big possibility to have the gene which is dangerous for the future of the child ( Otto 2007 ) .
The parents can initially prepare the right treatment and provide proper diets for their infants .
Moreover , some of these genetic diseases are contagious and this endangers the whole family and the people around the one who has the disease .
In a worse case , if some members of a family have these genetic diseases , they should find solutions or treatments to cure them or at least prevent the disease to spread .
These cases assure one should reveal the result to one 's family .
Second , the reason someone should not disclose his testing result is concerning the psychological impact on the person and his family ( Anonymous 1993 ) .
Even though some say that by revealing the result , one 's family will also get depressed and this will affect the whole family .
Nevertheless , if one discloses it by himself for a long time , he will get more and more depressed which will then ruin his life .
In addition , their family will finally find out about the disease when the disease causes his health become worse and this will make the family feels regret because if they know it earlier , they can find treatment for him .
Third , the test result has great effect in one 's career life and one is obliged to tell the employer about the result .
By knowing that a worker has genetic disorder , the employer will provide the worker another job which has less contact with other workers or which has the most suitable environment condition for the worker .
For example , for a worker who has genetic disorder on his skins should not work in an area that has radiation .
Some argue that a genetic elimination in choosing worker is discrimination because this is an action of limiting one 's right to work ( Andre and Velasquez 2009 ) .
However , the genetic testing is to ensure the safety of all workers .
The worker who has genes disease can be not ne hired but this for the life of people around him .
In conclusion , one who has genetic disorder or disease is obliged to reveal the genetic testing result he has because by revealing it , there are several benefits for him , his family and people around him .
His family and he can find ways to cure the disease , a couple can prepare treatment for their child , one can have a right job to do , and he can prevent the disease to cause danger for people around him .
By being able to make decisions to undergo genetic testing , individuals here refers to mature and thinking people .
Family medical history , onset of symptoms and an increasing number of people in the community being confirmed of it are the reasons that lead to an individual being deemed at risk .
Being aware of the likelihood of having of having such disorder , more people will seek for confirmation through testing as well .
Thus , when a carrier of a known genetic risk discloses the results with his or her relatives , more people will be able to take precautionary measures if tested positive .
Although many believe that admitting to a disorder will give rise to discrimination and strained relationship , they failed to consider that relatives appreciate the trust .
Again , disorders of such type puts lives at stake and therefore carriers should be obligated to convey the results of the genetic test to his relatives .
The classic example of this kind of disorder is the sickle-cell anaemia .
Their genes mutated to adapt to the environment better .
It was thought that such disorder is a response by the body to adapt to the environment because carrier will be immune to malaria .
We should be responsible and with these values and beliefs , there is no dilemma because subjecting to discrimination and other social problems are insignificant when compared to matters of live and death and health of the general public .
Genetic testing is carried out mainly for diagnosis confirmation , prediction for heritable-disorder diseases and to identify carrier of disorder without physical symptom ( National Human Genome Institute , 2008 ) .
Sharing of test positive result with relatives is necessary as it is the relatives ' rights to know about it .
It also alerts them for early detection and treatment .
Indirectly , it could help in medical research development and make treatment for currently untreatable disease possible .
He or she has the rights to know about it .
Moreover , best clinical practice required family history to assess the usefulness of genetic testing ( Parker and Lucassen , n.d. ) .
Hence , there is no reason why one could benefit from the family history but omitted the relatives ' rights to have such benefits as well .
Genetic discrimination by health insurers and employers could be one of the main hinders that stop people from sharing their genetic information with blood relatives ( National Human Genome Institute , 2008 ) .
This could be protected once President Bush had signed the Genetic Information Nondiscrimination Act of 2008 ( The white House , 2008 ) .
Besides that , some cancers such as breast and ovarian cancer seems to be running in a family mainly due to the inherited altered gene ( National Cancer Institute , n.d. ) Examples of such genes could be BRCA1 and BRCA2 ( BReast CAncer Gene 1 and BReast CAncer Gene 2 ) which could pass down from father or mother .
Revealing of positive test results to relatives allow them to go for early detection and treatment which possibly save lives .
Limitations of genetic testing could be the lack of treatment strategies for certain disorders once diagnosed .
This may have arguement that since there is no treatment , there is no point of revealing to relatives even though it shows positive result .
But , genetic test that identify carrier of certain disease could help the couples to decide whether they would like to have the next generation and weigh the risk of passing down such altered gene .
( Barett )
Lastly , revealing the positive test result might increase the number of people going for genetic testing .
This indirectly increase the possibility of people signing consent to take part in the research for the genetic related disease .
With such , improved or new treatment is possible for genetic related diseases and could possibly benefit the carrier or even the family members .
In conclusion , revealing of genetic information to the relatives did not seem to be of great disadvantages to an individual but could be of great advantages to the blood relatives .
Besides the rights to know , most importantly is the possibility of early detection and treatment for the blood relatives .
Therefore a carrier of a known genetic risk is obligated to tell his or her relatives .
( { http : //ghr.nlm.nih.gov/handbook/testing/genetictesting } [ HYPERLINK : http : //ghr.nlm.nih.gov/handbook/testing/genetictesting ] ) This is undoubtedly contribute to the prevention of treatable diseases .
Firstly , the patients are obligated to tell their relatives about the result as the result will invariably affect them to some extent .
For example , if the result showed that the patient is a carrier of a genetic disease , there is a great possibility that the family members are also have the same disease .
Permanent and irreversible damages can be prevented if treatment or therapy is initiated in the early stage of the disease .
( http : //www.ndsu.nodak.edu/instruct/m cclean/plsc431/students98/saha.htm ) Patients would sometimes choose not to reveal the result to avoid discrimination among family members .
However , saving the family members lives is more important if compare to self-esteem .
Secondly , patients are responsible to tell their relatives especially the family members about the outcome of genetic test so that they can have early financial and psychological preparations .
Family members have to plan their budget earlier so that they can afford to take on the treatments fee .
Besides that , it is also important for the relatives to have psychological preparation earlier so that they are managed handle their stresses during the period of treatments .
( http : //www3.inter { science.wiley.com/journal/112684945/abstract ? CRETRY = 1&SRETRY = 0 } [ HYPERLINK : http : //www3.interscience.wiley.com/journal/112684945/abstract ? CRETRY = 1&SRETRY = 0 ] ) Patients refuse to disclose the result as they thought they can prevent their relatives from sadness .
It is true that relatives are often in deep grief when knowing one of their relative is suffering from illness .
However , early notification can let them have enough time to have psychological preparation so that they would not feel so unprepared or unready when the patients ' condition get worsen .
In conclusion , the patients should obligated to inform their relatives about genetic testing results to enable them to receive early treatment and have early financial and psychological preparation .
Genetic testing , by definition , may be done for various reasons , including the diagnosis of a genetic disease in an individual , the identification of future disease risks to individual , unborn children or the prediction of drug responses ( MedicineNet , 2002 ) .
In general , if at risk relatives can anticipate the disease , measures may be taken to prevent the diseases .
Moreover , having learnt about a personal genetic risk , it is thought by some theorists , for example , Wilson ( 2000 ) , Baker , Schuette and Uhlmann ( 1998 ) that the approach to deal with results of genetic testing involves not only medical , surgical and educational intervention , but also provision of social and emotional support , hence a carrier of known genetic risk should tell his or her close relatives about it .
In addition , the opinion of World Health Organization ( 2009 ) is that choosing not to inform is a well-intentioned decision which do not to add extra problems and unduly distress to others .
However , these arguments put forth in support of not informing the relative are faulty .
As Torgny and Wilcke states , information can allow a relative who has considerably increased risk of a disease from smoking to make her own decisions about smoking and take precautions when deciding on a career which are needful to have a positive impact on her future .
Potential individuals who are at risk of developing a genetic disorder or disease normally undergo for genetic testing .
The revelation of genetically tested patients ' results may lead to discrimination by society ( Mehlman , 1999 ) .
However , there are laws that protect genetically patients from genetic discrimination by society that have been imposed ( Bombard , 2007 ) .
Besides that , relatives of genetically tested patients should know about their genetic testing results so that a proper family planning ( Anonymous , 1999 ) .
This is because no one has the rights to give his or her consent regarding the decision on whether to undergo for the prenatal examinations or not ( Anonymous , 1999 ) .
This concern brought about the inauguration of genetic testing a medical test to determine if a particular disease is stimulated by the abnormality .
An issue raised here is that one 's decision to reveal the test results to one 's relatives has chained to even more concerns .
Nevertheless , revealing the test results benefits more people than hiding it .
For relatives who are planning to have children , they must either be financially prepared for ART as well as the future medical bills , or choose not to have children .
This was further lowered by opponents who are against the revelation of genetic results due to intrusion of privacy .
However , it did not occur to them that the revelation of results could increase the chances of medical researchers finding a remedy to the disorders .
Therefore , only when one tells a known genetic risk to one 's relatives , would there be a chance for medical researchers to find a cure for it , and eventually saving many lives from genetic disorders .
This rule helps to keep individual 's medical information confidential .
Hence , a carrier can have a peace mind revealing genetic test results to one 's relatives .
Genetic testing has developed enough and it is getting popular nowadays all around the world .
Genetic testing is actually the genetic diagnosis of inheritable diseases which caused by an abnormality in an individual 's genome .
For instance Huntington 's disease is caused by X- linked disorder , Cystic fibrosis is caused by autosomal recessive disorder and some common disease such as coronary heart disease , diabetes are caused polygenic mutation ( Holland,S , 2003 ) .
In addition , this testing also can be used to determine a child 's biological father or a person 's ancestry .
Examples of genetic tests are newborn screening , diagnostic testing , carrier testing , prenatal testing and few more .
Firstly , it is important to reveal the result if a couple is planning to get married and one of them has any inheritable diseases .
Even though some are healthy carriers and not affected by the diseases fully because of the single copy of the dominant genotype , they have 50 % chance of passing the recessive gene to their generation .
If a person did not disclose the result , a child with genetic disabilities may born and then lead to problems in the family .
Here the family relation will be affected and who is going to share responsibility of taking care of the poor child ?
Hence , it is advisable to disclose the genetic testing result in order to prevent risks of diseases to future generation .
The second case is where the couple finding about their genetic condition after their marriage .
It will lead mental trauma and extreme depression if they hide the genetic testing result from their spouse .
Every day he has to face his spouse with guilty face and suffer in silence .
When the spouse gets to know about his health condition , it will be too late and will end the relationship since sincerity will be a big question .
In even extreme cases , if the child is born , it will be burden for them to take care of him .
Proponents of this claim argue that , disclosure of such results will destroy the dream of having own family .
However , it is not ethical to pass on their defective genes to their offspring in order to fulfill the dream of having own family .
If they are someone to take care , will they do it sincerely ?
They should tell about their health condition to prevent their future offspring to have defective genes .
Since this genetic testing begins with an affected family member , it provides the best opportunity to identify relative who may be at risk for a life- threatening condition .
Thus they will be undergo testing and treatment for that specific disease as soon as possible .
Critics of this position may argue that disclosure brings with it the potential for loss of privacy .
Is privacy is more important the health condition and welfare of your spouse and children ?
It is so obvious that , they did not realize that the health condition of the beloved family members is far more important rather than concerning about the intrusion of privacy .
Hence , carrier of genetic disease must be obligated to tell the genetic testing result since the welfare of family members can be improved .
If an individual is failed to do so , family relation may comes to an end and undergoes mental trauma and depression .
The procedure called genetic testing .
The issue is that after an individual undergo genetic testing and unfortunately found out that there are problems within him or herself , is the individual obligated to tell his or her family members ?
With the information that the individual acquired through genetic testing , he or she can share with the family members so that they can tackle the problems head on .
This is a good move as the family now can prepare themselves to undergo the same genetic testing to know the possibility of them carrying the mutated or defective genes same as the carrier .
The genetic testing is just a mean to know whether someone has the disease but it does not mean they will acquire the disease hundred percent ( Goh , L. , M. , D. , 2005 ) .
This only serves as a predictive mean .
On the other hand , the other family members can also know what are the other underlying problems that they may encounter in the future as the genetic testing will not only detect the carrier 's risk genes but also other problems that he or she may have in the future .
With these ease in information acquired it will help the family members to prepare and face the potential problems in the future .
If the carrier has a possibility of having heart disease , the rest of the family members may take steps to counter that predictive disease ( Genetic Research and Genetic Testing , 2005 ) .
However the risk genes carrier may argue that to tell the information to his or her family member is a violation towards his or her autonomy .
This information may cause hysteric reaction in the community explain more .
Other than that the risk genes carriers may be discriminated ( Ostrom , M. , C. , 1997 ) .
With these concerns in mind , the individual may not agree to tell the family members the information they acquired through genetic testing .
Without telling the family members , the individual might be suffering in silence and no support are given by the family members .
Therefore the to be obliged to tell the family members is act of beneficence as the risk gene carrier is doing good in informing the family of the possible medical problems that they may face .
In conclusion , it is very important for the risk genes carrier to inform the family members as he or she may help the family members to avoid huge medical problems which may be avoided if only he or she inform them .
Therefore the risk gene carrier should be obliged to tell the family members if he or she has genetic risk within them .
As science and technology progressed , we could now detect the presence of any genetic disorder in individual through genetic testing .
However , one biggest problem that arises is whether the individual , who had undergone the genetic test , be obligated to inform his family members/relatives the results .
The psychological and emotional issues like feeling guilty and anxiety that arises from this issue can be minimized by going for counseling .
In this example , a pregnant relative seeking genetic counseling and his geneticist requires information about the individual in order to give her the most accurate information whether her new-born has any risk of genetic disorder .
If the individual declined her request as he wished that the information about his genetic status to be confidential , her new-born could be in high risk of getting the genetic disorder ( Elizabeth A .
Secondly , acquisition of genetic information of carrier by his/her relatives can help reduce the possibility of getting the disease .
For example , the genetic disorder is colon cancer ; they can seek out for medical advices and treatment while it is at early stage .
In addition , his relatives will understand better by going for counseling that everyone carries gene mutations that can lead to disease , and no one has control over what they pass on to their children ( Elizabeth A .
If the genetic test result shows that the genetic disorder is not present in them , it can provide them a sense of relief .
It is ethnically right for the individual to inform his relatives and the relatives after knowing that they may have the genetic disorder can seek out medical assistances to reduce the occurrence/severity of the disease .
A defected genes carrier can only determine whether he or she have a genetic disease by running a genetic test .
Since genetic disease runs in the family , a genetic disease carrier 's family members and relatives will have high chance of developing the same inherited disease .
Such tragic incident will re-occur if a carrier of a known genetic risk were to hide his or her condition from his or her family members and relatives .
( Henderson , 2009 ) If a carrier of a genetic risk were to hide his or her condition , the genetic disease will continue to run in the family line , passing down to future generations .
Proper financial plans could be made if a person were to know early if he or she has a genetic disease and avoid impending financial crisis if he or she is able borrow money or apply for financial help earlier .
This is a case of ignorance in which is not at all bliss .
A person who understands his role and responsibility as part of a family would not want to see his future generation be it his own , or his immediate families ' to suffer from genetic diseases that could otherwise have been prevented if he had discussed his condition .
The reasons to inform out weigh the reasons not to , hence , a carrier of a known genetic risk is obligated to tell his or her relatives .
As genetic testing becomes more and more popular , the moral issues around it have also been revealed in face of the mass public .
Genetic testing is the newest technology aimed to " test for genetic disorders " , " direct examination of the DNA molecule " also included ( Human Genome Program , 2008 ) .
The wide spread of this technology aroused an even wider range of heated discussion that who has the final say in how to deal with the testing result .
Since the individual who undergoes the testing is the direct victim from this examination and most related to the result , the one should have the right to decide whether to say the result or not .
First of all , one 's private life is a main perspective of protecting human rights .
As mentioned before , the experiment unit oneself is the most influenced one by this genetic testing , so he or she should decide whether to tell anyone else or merely conceal from others .
Secondly , the result might be misused against the individual if the choice is left to other sides .
Once the information that a normal employee is likely to be diagnosed with some rare gene-related diseases , the employer might be reluctant to keep the hiring relationship because he has to consider the duration of the employee 's commitment may be disturbed by sudden illnesses .
Hence it is decided by the individual who takes the genetic testing how to deal with the result .
Opponents may address the equal human rights of the individual 's family .
This topic is discussing whether the individual has the final say , instead of whether the individual can hide the truth from others .
The cases of concealing caused by selfishness can be decreased by improving the education of moral values .
If the decision is leaved to others , the chance of perfect equality is also questionable .
What is more , people may be reluctant to undergo testing for that they can not decide by their own .
To conclude , the individual requesting human rights should have the final say in whether to say the result or not , considering protected human rights .
Having the same parents can mean that certain disease can run within the family and they are morally obligated to warn their relatives of the possible hazards that may trigger disease , For example , to prevent relatives from eating fava beans when one is detected to have G6PD deficiency .
Secondly , informing relatives of their genetic results will enable better care of self .
Usually , when a disease manifested itself , it requires many preliminary testing , and the turnaround time ( TAT ) , from doctor 's request , to laboratory test , to reporting of results may take more than a day - and that is only to rule out certain illnesses .
After which , the doctor would order for more specific tests to narrow down to the specific cause , and this may take a few days in specialist clinics .
However , with the knowledge of the possibility of genetic disease , it enables the medical physician to narrow down to specific testing and get the correct diagnosis earlier .
However , some argued that genetic testing can potentially unravel family secrets ; namely adoptions and illegitimate child ( Doukas & Berg , 2001 ) .
But such issues can be solved since we can select results to be in terms of potential disease , instead of paternity testing .
However , genetic testing result may not only concern the tested individual themselves but also their family members as they share the same genetic make-up and are equally at risk of contracting a certain disease ( Genetic testing helps cancer survivors fight for their loved ones , 2007 ) .
Firstly , individual who have undergone genetic testing , should be obligated inform his or her relatives of the genetic testing result as they may also be equally at risk .
Such early treatment will greatly increase the prospects of recovery as it will prevent the disease from developing further and causing more complication .
However , bottling up their feeling will only aggravate their problem as it will have an adverse psychological effect on them .
On top of that , they may lighten the burden off their shoulder .
It is undeniable that an individual have the final say as to whether to reveal his or her genetic test result .
Thus , carrier of a known genetic risk should be obligated to tell his or her relatives .
The new millennium brought about promising medical advancements that have positive impacts on human 's lives .
This is coherent to a study done by Gerogetown university medical center on mothers who shared their cancer genetic test results with children .
Thus individual of known genetic risk should be obligated to reveal test results to relatives because it brings awareness concerning the risk of inheriting the disease to the foreground , not only to the person tested , but for his or her relatives as well .
This is a bias claim because it failed to consider at-risk relatives ' rights to know about the test results .
When individuals chose not to reveal the results , it is mainly because of the following reasons : the fear of discrimination , fear of being a burden to the family or not wanting to worry their families .
This is a selfish thinking and is an illogical way of avoiding the problem .
In conclusion , individuals should be obligated to reveal such information to their relatives because it is a personal responsibility , and can lead to improvement of their well-being .
It can be argued that the carrier might be causing unnecessary worrying to his or her relatives as the accuracy of genetic test results varies and also dependent on various factors ( Goh , 2003 ) .
When an individual is tested positive as a carrier of a particular known genetic risk , such as 1 antitrypsin deficiency- where an insignificant adjustment in the style of living can prevent one from an " early death " ( Wilcke 1998 ) , or Huntington 's disease-where there is no approach to change the consequences of the result ( Wilcke 1998 ) , he or she will be in a state of dilemma- should he or she be obliged to inform his or her family members ?
In conclusion , a carrier of a known genetic risk should be obligated to tell his or her relatives as it not only allows them to escape from early deaths through changes in their lifestyles but also contributes to the safety of third parties .
The support given will be a great pushed for the patient to look forward and face the reality bravely .
Conversely , if the patient has not tell the family members the result of the genetic test , the patient will be definitely in lost and irrational in making decision .
Hence , the relatives can make rational decision for the patient and this probably what the patient needs the most .
However , critics may say that it is not necessary to inform his spouse about his condition as sometimes the baby will not inherit the disease and even if the baby do inherit the disorder , abortion can still be done while the foetus is still inside the mother 's womb .
However , this is not an ethical thing to do and inhuman to terminate a life .
It will be much more better if they have discuss and plan earlier and thus a desperate measure such as abortion need not be made .
A person will usually feel depress and even suffers emotional breakdown when he knows that he suffers from a certain disease what more if it is a disease inherited from his parents , thus when his family knows about his condition , they can persuade , paying more attention to him and even encourage him to go for treatment and not to give up .
However , there has also been some suggestions that the carrier of a certain genetic disease who knows it through genetic testing should not be obligated to tell his family members as he will be discriminated and sometimes even be treated as an outcast in his family .
However , if individual are allowed to have the final say in revealing the results of such testing , although it has many benefits , its disadvantages still outweigh these advantages overwhelmingly .
Hence , people should not have the final say in whether to reveal the result of genetic tests .
Besides , if a baby is diagnosed some genetic problems , some parents may abandon their child due to the endless treatments and high-priced medical cost instead of hoping to cure their child and trying their best .
Moreover , even if people know their results of genetic testing , usually they are able to do very little nothings .
What is can do is only detecting whether there are any genetic problems .
While the genetic testing can assist people in predicting and ruling out some genetic disorders and problems which are hard to be find in daily life , it will still bring about some difficult problems to human beings to some extent .
The child can take precaution on his/her diet and exercise regularly to reduce the risk of having high blood pressure .
On the other hand , some may question on the accuracy of genetic testing , and the unnecessary worries it might bring to an individual .
When this cycle carries on , it will create a social problem as the disease has now been spread into the society .
Surveillance technology such as RFID technology is used for the purpose of monitoring changes , behaviour , activities and keeping track of mainly humans and sometimes , animals .
Thus , it is not something uncommon among our society as it is incorporated in many applications of our daily lives such as tracking people and animals .
This has resulted in the raise of privacy and ethical issues within our society .
However , it has been known that RFID technology brings benefits to various elements of our lives and it helps in solving problems that we may encounter while handling different tasks and even correct human errors .
One of the vital advantages of the use of RFID technology is that it can boost the security level effectively in a few areas within certain proximity ( Ramdasi , 2009 ) .
Once an RFID tagged item is brought out via an RFID reader , it will trigger the alarm and security guards will be alerted upon hearing the alarm .
Thus , this decreases the chances of thefts .
This increases the security level and efficacy of the surveillance systems in a particular area that incorporates the RFID technology .
If any of the patients experience any difficulties such as breathlessness , nurses will be able to track the patient and immediately attend to him or her .
Since RFID automates procedures such as protecting the patients from danger , it reduces the amount of personal contacts between patients and nurses ( Rapid Adoption of RFID in Healthcare , 2006 ) .
Reports can be accessed by the healthcare professionals such as the doctors and nurses without a hassle .
One of the arguments that have been brought up is the difficulty in reading the information provided by the RFID tags incorporated in liquids and metal products ( Pandey , 2009 ) .
These substances may reflect the radio waves which make the information hard to read .
The RFID tags also have to be placed in proper positions , taking into account its angles and alignment in order to obtain a proper reading .
Active RFID tags which are tags that use batteries to increase the range of frequency of a system can be used to solve this problem .
RFID technology provides a better security than other surveillance gadgets such as CCTV and reduces thefts in our society .
It is capable of transmitting many stored digital information to receivers via radio waves and has many applications in consumers ' products ( Cormode 2006 ) .
However , privacy issues arise when the same technology is used for tracking of human ( Cormode 2006 ) .
When RFID and other surveillance technology are used to track children movement , we are not only invading the children privacy but also undermining their dignity ( Anonymous 2005 ) .
With such detrimental effects on health and on human rights of privacy , usage of surveillance technology such as RFID to track people should be banned .
" With RFID , private information of the individual other than his location can be picked up by anyone with a radio receiver and the individual with the RFID will not know who is taking the information and what private information is being stolen ( Cormode 2006 ) .
The information may be misused for consumer profiling by the company collecting all these personal information ( Cormode 2006 ) .
Advocates of RFID argue that the technology will prevent terrorist from entering the nation by reducing forgery of passport ( US Department of Homeland Security ) .
However , the United Sates Department of Homeland Security ( DHS ) reported that the ability of RFID to counter forgery comes from its use of encrypted digital data storage and not from its radio transmission capability .
The DHS also added that other forms of digital data storage technology such as contact chips can provide the same function against passport forgery while preventing invasion of human privacy .
Thus , RFID should not be used to track people since it infringe into human privacy .
Secondly , an article on Electronic Privacy Information Center ( Anonymous 2005 ) highlighted that using RFID to track children movement and location not only invades their privacy but can also be very detrimental to their dignity .
From this comparison , it shows that the dignity of children is being affected by the usage of RFID to track them .
Opponents to this position argue that RFID can be used to locate the child position in the event of a kidnap ( Lane 2003 ) .
On top of that , Lane ( 2003 ) also pointed out that these surveillance technologies may give the children and parents a false sense of security .
Hence , RFID should not be used for tracking of children .
Lastly , usage of RFID implant to track patients and to store medical information of cognitive decline individual have been linked to an increased risk of developing skin cancer in areas near the implant ( Gutierrez 2008 ) .
Although the RFID implant aids in getting medical information from these individual with lower intellect , the increase risk of cancer greatly outweighs this benefit .
In conclusion , usage of RFID or other surveillance technology to track people not only infringe human rights of privacy and undermine the dignity of our children , it also poses a serious health issue in the case of a RFID implant .
As such , RFID or other surveillance technology to track people should be banned .
With the maturity of surveillance technology , a myriad of surveillance technologies is now widely utilized for administration , security purpose and public welfare , etc .
However , individuals of course would feel very uncomfortable when noticing a surveillance camera on an ATM machine or even in workplace .
Surveillance technology mainly involves the invention and application of informative , accurate and reliable modern equipment monitoring the behaviours , activities , or other changing information , usually in a clandestine manner .
However , surveillance equipment has become usual and developed into various types .
The vast and most frequent surveillance is on the internet , the presumed free space .
( Daffier , Whitfield , 2008 ) ) For instance , the information awareness office , NSA , FBI in U.S. all have unauthorised access to all the data and traffic on the internet .
The tapping of telephone line by government organisations for monitor citizens and collecting miscellaneous information is also widespread in almost every country .
Another common surveillance system is that of the surveillance cameras hidden in public areas such as streets , hotels , hospital , shopping mall , bank etc , for administrative purposes or financial security .
RFID tapping is the use of small devices implanted in human body or product to identify and locate , which is already applied in some company to monitor their workers while on the job .
Some criticize ferociously that such mass surveillance is the step towards the totalitarian world described in Jorge Orwell 's 1984.They fear the fictional Orwellian may even become true , which will be a disaster for human beings .
Some are just annoyed by this blatant way the governments work which they equal to that of treating prisoners .
Numerous civil right groups and privacy groups oppose and regard it as a severe violation of the tight of privacy and freedom .
The supporters believe that surveillance system is indispensible in indentifying and capturing terrorists and criminals , which is for public welfare .It 's also effective for administrative purpose .
They argue that in the today 's context that terrorist can make use of computer software to access to others ' information nowadays , why can not governments on the behalf of the whole country .
They also point out governments did n't abuse the information at their hand since they are also monitored by people .Additionally , surveillance create everyone a feeling of being watched , so they become self-policing , which can decrease criminal rate and save administrative expenditure ( Michel Foucault,1979 ) .
Realistically , in my view , the usage of surveillance is necessary in some area and has its value in the benefit of whole society and therefore can not be all banned .
There are always some ready to behave undesirably on any conditions everywhere .
We are compelled to sacrifice some to counter them ; otherwise we lose more .
The true meaning of freedom is that with sacrifice of some freedom , one can enjoy much more freedom .Obviously ; the whole society can not function properly if everyone insists on nothing but his own interest .
Nowadays criminals and terrorists are equipped with high-tech , therefore we have to take some appropriate actions of which surveillance is one even we have some sacrifice .
However , it should also be legislated and regulated and limited .
The details in implementation should all be made clear .
which area , which type , to what extent the surveillance equipment can be used which organizations have the right to use , who can monitor them , etc, .
For instance in some places such as restaurants and shopping malls , surveillance should be prohibited since it can be replaced by other technology and not as that effective as worthy of violating individuals ' freedom .
Technology always evolves whatever human 's interference is in the sense that every previous attempt of halting the development of technology in history proved futile .
We should exploit the technology to the most for the welfare of the whole community .
Surveillance technology usage should not be all simply banned because of its flaws , but to be regulated and optimized to serve us better in today 's context .
This has brought about many debates on the ethical and moral issues surrounding the use of the device ( Anonymous , 2005 ) .
While opponents of RFID suggest that the use of RFID bring benefits such as convenience and protection to patients and children , others view it as a form of security threat and intrusion of privacy ( Data Privacy & Integrity Advisory Committee , 2006 ) .
Their whereabouts and activities can be constantly monitored and information shared .
It can be argued that the use of RFID tags to check on patients with Alzheimer 's conditions and children may be a form of protection .
For instance , in 2006 , Verichip , the manufacturer of RFID chips for human attempted to chip 200 Alzheimer 's patients from Chattanooga , Tennessee to test the effectiveness of the product ( Antichip.com , n.d ) .
However , this has raised a series of heated debate as it is not ethical to chip cognitively impaired individuals who are unable to give informed consent ( Antichip.com , n.d ) .
RFID tags can be incorporated in one 's belongings such as passports and identification cards to track and identify people .
Opponents of RFID may debated that encryption can be used to limit the access of information to unauthorized people ( Data Privacy & Integrity Advisory Committee , 2006 ) .
Furthermore , it can be argued that RFID technology would reduce delay at checkpoints and entrances which in turn improve efficiency and speed ( Data Privacy & Integrity Advisory Committee , 2006 ) .
Nevertheless , experiments by security research firm Riscure have shown that the encrypted passport can be intercepted and excessive information is revealed to an unauthorized person , which may promote identity theft ( Hasbrouck , 2006 ) .
Therefore , RFID should be banned as the device is flawed .
Lastly , implanting RFID chips in human can be a potential health risk .
A series of studies has shown that chip implants had induced malignant tumors in some lab mice and rats ( Lewan , 2007 ) .
This shows that implanting chips in human may cause cancer .
However , leading cancer specialists reviewed that animal test results do not necessarily apply to humans ( Lewan , 2007 ) .
Moreover , Verichip Corp insists that the chips are safe and has been implanted in millions of domestic pets without major problem ( Lewan , 2007 ) .
Nevertheless , implanting RFID in human body should be banned before any cause of detrimental health effect to the individuals .
In conclusion , the use of RFID to track people should be banned as it can be a security threat and it intrudes the privacy of people .
Implanting RFID chips may also result in cancer .
Surveillance technology systems are mechanisms , which can identify , monitor and track movements and data .
Research laboratories envision tools that could identify and track just about every person , anywhere -- and sound alarms when the systems encounter hazardous objects or chemical compounds .
Together these developments herald a high-tech surveillance society that is beyond previous generation imagination-- one in which virtually every advance brings benefits as well as intrusions .
However since the benefits reaped from surveillance technology overpowers the inconvenience it results in , surveillance technology should indeed be used to track people .
The most common type of surveillance technology is the security cameras .
Take for instance , the pinhole cameras in most banks machines .
These devices play a part in deterring potential criminals from carrying out their nefarious activities knowing that their images are caught on tape and maybe used for capture and prosecution .
In addition , this technology also complements the work of security personnel and thus provides added protection against sneaky terrorist attacks .
Furthermore surveillance technology helps to combat threats .
This is proven during the introduction of the newly-developed Infrared Fever Screening System ( IFSS ) which is a useful contribution in national effort against SARS .
Some may argue that surveillance technology should not be used to track people as it may have substantial implications in privacy .
Privacy usually refers to the interest that individuals have in sustaining a personal space free from interference by other people and organizations .
However , the concept of this right is a problematic way to define as it is very easy to get confused between legal rights on one hand and natural or moral rights on the other .
One will have to give up the right to absolute privacy to reap the benefits of the rights to feel safe and secure .
Besides having absolute privacy is just an ideal .
The practice of surveillance technology is necessary for the benefit of majority as it adopted to improve our quality of life .
It will be denying more people rights if surveillance is not practiced .
Furthermore scientists around the world have intensified efforts to perfect the art of surveillance , hoping to catch villains before they strike .
This will assure public that it is worth it to allow the technology to invade in their privacy .
In conclusion , although each uptick in protection will typically come at the cost of more intrusion into the privacy of ordinary people , surveillance technology has come up with the best possible inventions to assure that this trade-off will be worth it .
Rather than not doing anything to deal with the problems we have , the implementation of such technologies should be allowed for the benefits of majority .
There are numbers of technologies by which identity of all kinds of material can be tracked .
However , disputation rises as the issue comes to tracking of human being .
First and foremost , privacy comes into our mind when we mention of being tracked all the time .
No one would like to have a pair of eyes watching him anytime or anywhere , leaving him an uncomfortable feeling .
The Universal Declaration of Human Rights ( UDHR ) has clearly stated out that all human beings are born free and equal in dignity and rights .
Everyone should have their own rights to move freely without being monitored .
Secondly , the importance or urge to use surveillance technology to track people is subtle .
Some may argue that these technologies can keep people from danger by tracking their health status especially in some working places with high radioactive level , track someone 's location in case he 's kidnapped .
Workers can still have medical check regularly to ensure they are healthy as health problems would n't come in a sudden , it must accumulate over time .
Furthermore for parents fearing of the chance of their children being kidnapped , it 's unfortunate that through electromagnetic isolation , they wo n't be able to track their children also .
Moreover , the children may get hurt if the kidnappers decide to remove the tag or chip implanted under the children 's skin .
Someone who has the device and the way to encrypt the code can actually have access to these data .
It 's a horrible scene if someone is tracked by a person who does n't have the authority .
Even though high security level can be developed , there will always be loopholes .
The best way to prevent the leakage of personal data is not to use it .
Last but not least , a report released by The { American Medical Association } [ HYPERLINK : http : //www.ama-assn.org/ ] ( AMA ) indicated that RFID devices may present physical risks to the patient .
In conclusion , due to the privacy , unimportance of using these technologies , confidentiality of data and health threat , surveillance technology such as RFID ( radio-frequency identification ) should not be used to track people
The use of RFID at immigration borders and checkpoints enables a country to identify suspected terrorists and keep away unwelcomed immigrants who may post a threat to the welfare of the country and her people .
( HYPERLINK " http : //www.dhs.gov " http : //www.dhs.gov ) This will in turn help to improve and safeguard safety in the country and indirectly help in the economical aspect .
The use of RFID-based wristbands helps to keep track of the locations of Alzheimer 's and pediatric patients to make sure that they do not wander off from the hospital or enter any unauthorized areas .
{ ( Awang , 2008 ) } [ HYPERLINK : http : //www.intanbk.intan.my/psimr/vol2.2/Article % 205 % 20- % 20Nor % 20Hazilawati.pdf ] It is essential for hospital to have such devices to track down patients to prevent the occurrence of unwanted incidents .
{ ( Gould , 2009 ) } [ HYPERLINK : http : //www.psfk.com/2009/08/using-rfid-to-track-hospital-patients.html ] Such usage of surveillance technology to track people is necessary , and hence should not be denied of usage .
Even though it may not be an ideal and effective way to curb criminal offenses , it can on the other hand allow authorities to work more efficiently when an incident occur .
{ ( Shah Alam , 2007 ) } [ HYPERLINK : http : //malaysiacrimewatch.lokety.com/closed-circuit-television-cameras-to-fight-crime-in-selangor/ ] The use of surveillance technology to track people , under such circumstances , has once again proved to be useful and thus should not be stopped from using it .
The workers claimed that it is a way of bereaving them from human rights when their motions are being watched around the clock .
Christian critics even claimed that such acts will lead to apocalypse as stated in the bible .
( Lewan , 2007 ) However , such arguments regarding religious issues and human rights are unpractical because there is no substantial evident to prove that implantation of microchips is going to lead to the end of the world , and the argument of violation of human rights is made weak with the definition of human rights being ambiguous .
The concern is that should interests of the company override the right of human beings .
The open-street camera surveillance that has been used widely by many countries in current society is likely to result in an unhealthy psychological impact on the citizens of the country .
Knowing that every movement of him is being watched over , one may feel stress and uneasy , and this will in turn affects his behavior .
{ ( Butarelli , 2009 ) } [ HYPERLINK : http : //www.edps.europa.eu/EDPSWEB/webdav/shared/Documents/EDPS/Publications/Speeches/2009/09-06-19_Vienna_surveillance_EN.pdf ] Societal surveillance may too give rise to " mistrust between citizens and citizens and the state .
RFID technology should be barred as this form of surveillance technology is still not considered totally safe for consumers .
As RFID tags are rewritable and if they are not security locked , there exists a potential for pranksters to change the data on the tags with false information ( Syed & Mohammad , 2008 ) .
Each RFID reader is worth at least a thousand dollar ( Syed & Mohammad , 2008 ) .
In addition , each RFID tag is rather expensive hence it is not practical to be used in large quantity to identify both people and products ( Syed & Mohammad , 2008 ) .
Due to the impracticality of RFID technology , RFID technology should not be used to track people .
Surveillance technology such as RFID which is radio frequency identification has been a popular debated issue from Chang ( 2006 ) , Michael and Rose ( 2007 ) and Gautam ( 2006 ) .
RFID tags can be inserted into the wristbands which can be worn by the parolees or the prisoners and can not to be removed .
During the releasing period on probation of the prisoners , there will be cases that the parolees will escape and flee to the bent so that the law enforcers could not find them .
Undeniable , surveillance technology to track people will lead to loss of privacy .
However , protecting the privacy in this situation is not more important than letting the offenders to violate the laws and threaten our lives .
For instance , RFID tags in the bracelets are worn by the patients who need exceptional care to make available to the patients ' information as well as to know their positions ( Report on Equipment Tracking in Hospitals , 2009 ) .
CCTV can be installed in hospitals to avoid the patients being harmed or attacked by unauthorized persons who are hanging around the area in hospitals by monitoring them ( Report on Equipment Tracking in Hospitals , 2009 ) .
Opponents may argue that health data of patients is confidential .
In addition , there is another advantage of surveillance technology on protecting and tracking the children 's movements .
RFID tags are introduced to be sewn into children 's attires or set in their wristband to track their positions and activities ( Gautam , 2006 ) .
Although most of the children today have mobile phones , it is also possible that their mobile phones are lost or they are having difficulties to pick up their phones such as kidnapping .
If the children are being kidnapped , with the surveillance technology of RFID , the parents can track their locations .
If the children try to play truant or involving in unhealthy activities , the parents can supervise them as well .
In conclusion , surveillance technology 's advantages outweigh its disadvantages .
Some claimed that the application of surveillance technology is advantageous in the safeguard of credentials , protection of national security and in the help of speed border crossings ( Lewan , 2009 ) .
Among these issues , two will be discussed here , both support the fact that surveillance technology creates risk to privacy that far outweighs the technology 's heralded benefits and thus the usage of such technology in tracking people should be banned .
Firstly , surveillance technology may threaten personal security by enabling identity thieves , stalkers and other criminals to commit " contactless " crimes against victims who wo n't immediately know they 've been violated ( Consumer Watchdog , 2009 ) .
Recently , Americans are told to use Radio- Frequency Identification or RFID-embedded identity documents when they are travelling between countries such as the United States , Canada , Mexico , Bermuda and the Carribean ( Lewan , 2009 ) .
" Tracking devices such as online behavioural tracking systems can be used to target vulnerable consumers for high-price loans , bogus health cures and other potentially harmful products and services , " said Susan Grant , director of Consumer Protection at Consumer Federation of America ( Consumer Watchdog , 2009 , para.9 ) .
Nowadays electronic information from consumers is " collected , compiled and sold " ( Consumer Watchdog , 2009 , para.2 ) without reasonable safeguards and therefore poses a threat to the exposure of private matters of consumers that may lead to abuse of such information for unethical benefits or intentions .
This measure is to be seen as an effort to protect the children in case of child murder or kidnapping are to occur ( Gargano et al. , 1997 ) .
As a result , this is how teens ' privacy and growth are affected negatively when parents applied tracking devices on them .
Julie Petersen , author of Understanding of Surveillance Technologies ( 2001 , p5-48 ) , stated this comment in her book , " Researching this book has given me concerns that we may be moving into a not-too-distant future in which newborn infants are implanted with radio tracking devices , without their knowledge or consent , to 'ensure their safety ' from wandering or kidnapping .
In conclusion , the use of surveillance technology for the purpose of tracking people should be banned as it not only received negative response from the public community because of its potential threat to personal security , it may also intrude one 's privacy and may jeopardize one 's personal healthcare and social well-being .
On one hand , some tracking are conducted without people 's awareness and permission .
Thus , besides the real tracking conductors , criminals can also take advantages of RFID to achieve their criminal intent .
In short , since the abuse of RFID to track people leads to the invasion of human privacy , its use should be banned .
Research has shown that implantable RFID chips caused cancer in animal and they may also cause cancer in humans .
In addition , research also showed that the { inflammation } [ HYPERLINK : http : //www.naturalnews.com/inflammation.html ] caused by surgical implantation of a foreign object can increase the instance of tumor development ( Jean 2007 ) .
Concerning these health issues , it is immoral to ask people implant RFID chips and meanwhile let them take the risk of having disease .
However , the fact is that because the information in RFID equipped cards can be skimmed by hackers , it can not guarantee securities of society .
Furthermore , using the cloned card , the hacker was able to pass into the restricted area through the secure and locked entrance ( Jones 2008 ) .
Instead of benefitting from it , people bear many fear and risk of it .
Surveillance technology can be defined as remote sensing technology that capable to capture and transfer visual , sound , and spatial information from one place to another place far away .
The use of those equipments complementarily can be used to track people everywhere they are precisely , not only in outdoor but also indoor or even beneath ground in mining project .
The application of surveillance technology such as RFID in commercial company like oil Rig Company will increases the company income because by using this technology , the worker can explore wider range of exploitation zone which is considered " danger " more safely since workers position can be monitored precisely .
Yahya Mehdizadeh in Digital Energy Journal September 2007 stated that " By implanting RFID chips within the person or within the gear of rig professionals operators can validate that those persons are at the right place during important phases of production .
Secondly is regarding the implementation in security and military aspect .
Though , RFID chips can be implanted in the criminals and terrorist so that the authority can easily track their activity .
Eventually , this technology gives a great advantageous for society .
RFID chips can also be implanted in the soldier 's body so that the commander will know his position if he is in case of being kidnapped .
Lastly is the prominent impact in civil society .
If RFID chip is implanted to all members of society , it will give out a lot of advantages such as we can track missing people , missing family members .
Even more , we can track and identify the lost casualties in airplane accidents and natural disasters faster , effectively and efficiently so that more casualties can still be found in living condition .
Some party may argue about the privacy matter of the use of this technology .
In this case , privacy matter can be assured by applying password , encrypter or decoder in the next generation of RFID devices .
It is just the same case with the use of bank account and ATM card pin which has been broadly trusted by all of bank customer .
Furthermore , this report also stated that RFID tags could promote the frequent access for the patient to their medical information and increase the continuity and coordination of care which resulting reduction many kind of medical error like adverse drugs event .
In conclusion , the use of surveillance technology such as RFID and GPS to track people should not be banned since the advantageous is much greater than the disadvantageous in many sites of human life such as economy aspect by increasing the level of working efficiency and broaden exploration area , civil security aspect by lowering the level of criminal cases , military aspect by facilitating in tracing the kidnapped soldier , civil society aspect by helping the family to search the missing family members , improving the efficiency in searching and identifying the casualties of mass accidents or natural disasters , and facilitating the more frequent access of medical information for the patients .
First of all , there is insufficient control over the people who have access to the surveillance technology .
No one can interfere with one 's privacy against their will ( UDHR , n.d. ) .
Surveillance technology will infringe our privacy ; therefore , it should not use to track people .
Not only will surveillance technology invade our privacy , it might also cause individual to develop health problems .
One of the surveillance technologies is RFID tags ; research done on rodents , shows that there is an association between implanted RFID tags and tumors in rodents ( Foster & Jaeger , 2008 ) .
This shows that there is a possibility that humans might also develop tumor if implants were placed in the individual 's body .
Another example is surveillance cameras might cause psychological impacts , where individuals will have the thought that they are constantly being watched .
In conclusion , the use of surveillance technology will cause more harm than good , so it should not be used to track people .
Individual 's privacy might be infringed , information is easily accessible by anyone who has the access to the surveillance technology , and also there might be detrimental health impacts on the individual who is being tracked .
The use of RFID to track people should not be banned
In my point of view , the use of RFID should not be banned with the following reasons .
Firstly , it is undeniable that RFID is very useful in daily life .
In addition , with this technology , parents can easily find their lost children and doctors can easily find elderly people who suffer from degenerative brain conditions CITATION Dav06 \ l 2052 ( Wood , 2006 ) .
This opinion stems from the general misunderstanding of the technology or the inaccurate hearsay .
As mentioned before , the database is highly secured thus it is very difficult for hackers to attack .
What is more , just like we have antivirus software to deal with computer virus , we will be able to prevent personal information from being hacked by coming up with corresponding approaches CITATION Ban07 \ l 2052 ( Banks , Hanny , Pachano , & Thompson , 2007 ) .
One of the most debated usages of this technology is to monitor and track people via the surveillance camera and the RFID ( radio-frequency identification ) .
Critics have argued that this has inevitably denied the individuals their rights to privacy ( Stanley and Steinhardt 2003 ) , and thus should not be used to track people .
Memories of the terrorist attacks happened around the world will always serve as a stark reminder to everyone that a lapse in security will result in heavy casualties .
Surveillance cameras installed at strategic areas will ensure that suspicious characters could be filtered out by the security personnel for checks while RFID tags on prisoners would ensure that they do not escape ( Swedberg 2005 ) and pose a danger to the public .
If a RFID tag had been used , the terrorist would not be able to escape easily .
Although one may argued that terrorist attacks still occur even with the use of surveillance camera , one should also note that the recordings would enable the police to identify the terrorists after the attack and conduct a swift operation to arrest them ( Quek 2008 ) before they could plan and carry out their next mission .
Besides that , having security cameras around would always serve as deterrence to potential criminals ( Quek 2008 ) .
In order to improve the overall efficiency of the medical team , Tan Tock Seng Hospital has rolled out RFID in 2007 to monitor more than 1,200 patients ( Friedlos 2009 ) .
The benefits of RFID includes locating the patients easily for tests and administering of medicine , and a lower response time of the housekeeping department in clearing the bed once a patient is discharged , which will then reduce an individual 's waiting time for a bed ( Friedlos 2009 ) .
However , as the population continues to age , elderly who are not seriously ill might have to be discharged and nursed their injuries or illnesses at home or in a nursing home ( Tan 2007 ) .
In order not to compromise their health , RFID should be utilized to monitor them ( Broache 2007 ) .
Hence , the usage of surveillance technology to track people should not be prohibited .
Their disapprovals for such technology grow stronger over the years since the terrorist attack on the World Trade Centre on 11th September 2001 .
They believed that many countries have increased unnecessary surveillance on the pretext of monitoring the terrorists ( Stanley and Steinhardt 2003 ) .
A good example would be the apprehension of terrorists behind the London bombing with the help of surveillance technology ( Quek 2008 ) .
People who think that surveillance technology should not be used to track people claim that it invade the privacy right of people .
However , surveillance technology , if is used appropriately , can benefit our life so much that it should not be banned .
It might help to maintain the security of those places as well as find out if there is any robber or thief , thus may reduce the crime rate ( The Economist print edition , 2008 ) .
Moreover , police can also use surveillance technology to track potential criminals , for instance , to supervise a person who was imprisoned in the past for a short time to ensure that he wo n't commit a crime again .
Surveillance technology helps us much in follow dangerous criminals such as gangsters , mafia chief .
Although people who oppose the use of this technology may claim that it would be years before they can pick a terrorist out of a crowd ( Yang , 2005 ) , some intelligent system now can learn the context in which behavior is probably threatening ( The Economist print edition , 2008 ) .
Hence , we may easily filter the suspects and more concentrate on their acts to know if they are really criminals .
A small tag or camera will give parents information about their children every period of time , thus they know that they are safe .
It also prevents children from being kidnapped or be injured in accidents because their parents would know immediately whenever they are in danger .
Since doctors and nurses are not able to be with patients all the time , cameras and other surveillance devices will record their condition and alert when it become worse .
Obviously , the feeling of being tracked will make people feel uncomfortable but the safety of us is more precious .
For instance , if you get lost or have a serious accident that you can not call for help , your friends and family could not find you quickly if they do not know your place .
Furthermore , new surveillance devices are very sophisticated that users wo n't feel that they are followed .
Tags and chips implanted in human 's body can be use as smart identity cards .
When a person gets off a plane , he goes through a special door , and then the custom-house officer will know all the necessary information of him immediately .
It not only used for the purpose of security but for the convenient of residents since they do not have to use keys or worry about thieves .
Actually , not all type of surveillance use this method since we can use cards , cameras and other modern devices instead .
Another worry in the use of this technology that whenever a hacker can get in the system , users are threatened as their personal information can be revealed ( Zetter , 2009 ) .
Though the consequence that people will be tracked seems unacceptable , the safe and convenience in life for humans is more important .
Nowadays surveillance technology is growing at a rapid speed and surveillance equipments can be found in many common places such as supermarkets , schools and airport terminal .
People are actually being observed from a distance by these surveillance technology equipments such as CCTV cameras and GPS tracking devices or being tracked by the means of microchip , a RFID device which using radio waves .
It has been proven that surveillance technology can be beneficial to mankind in terms of deterring crimes and terrorism , monitoring employees and improving patient 's welfare .
First of all , surveillance technology should be used as it helps in eradicate crimes and to identify the faces of terror from a miles away .
This surveillance technology equipments are installed in buses , common places or schools and with the constant video monitoring , detailed evidence of any suspicious movement or criminal activity can be assessed .
If potential criminals aware of this fact,there is a high possibility that crimes can be greatly deterred .
In addition , this surveillance technology protect a country 's safety and security from terrorist attacks .
For instance , " as a direct result of the September 11 terrorist attacks , United States government and law enforcement officials have implemented surveillance technologies to deter future terrorist attacks ( Jim,2009 ) .
Therefore , surveillance technology should be used since it put criminals and terrorists away and protect the society .
Furthermore , employees in working places can be monitored by means of surveillance technology and it have plenty of advantages .
Implementing this technology properly can help improve security in working places .
Examples of devices that used are entrance and exit cameras , internal and outdoor cameras and cash register and counter cameras ( Bill,2006 ) .
The presence of surveillance cameras can prevent thefts in the company because employees are less likely to steal company products as they fully aware that they are being watched by unblinking cameras which can provide evidences .
However , opponents of surveillance technology argues that it invades an individual 's privacy .
They did not realize that with a clear understanding of where and how security cameras can be installed , potential privacy intrusion can be avoided ( Lynn,2006 ) .
Hence , surveillance tools must be used in every working places to improve the security and as well as the employee 's good behavior .
A small electronic device such as a microchip is incorporated to a patient 's body in order to track them by using radio waves .
This kind of procedure is essential for Alzheimer 's patients because they have very poor memory and maybe forget the way back if went somewhere.Hence , RFID really plays an important role here to track the Alzheimer 's patients .
In addition , the microchips also applied to patients so that doctor can monitor their health condition such as heart beating rate , blood pressure and glucose level in blood .
I must admit that , opponents of this position argue that microchip incorporated to a human 's body can affects the system later on .
It is because , our cells only can identify our own cells and it identify the microchip as the foreign cell and eventually immune systems will act against the microchip .
In conclusion , surveillance technology such as RFID should be used to track people since it helps in deterring crimes and terrorism , monitoring employees and improving welfare of patients .
The past few decades have seen the improvement in technology by leaps and bounds , and one key area in which we have benefitted from is the use of surveillance technology .
Some may express their concern on the use of surveillance technology regarding privacy and security issues and should therefore be banned .
However it would be too extreme to impose such a ban .
As by doing so , we are throwing the baby out of the water bath .
For instance , the installment of Closed-Circuit Television ( CCTV ) in the multi-storey parking lots of a building will enable the security guards to monitor the situation and to pick up on suspicious behavior .
However , in a recent study conducted in Hartlepool , United Kingdom , it was shown that crime rate has reduced by 26 % from 2004-2007 after installing CCTV at certain areas ( SaferHartlepool , 2009 ) .
Some may argue that implanting RFID chip may cause physical side effect .
This can be done by analyzing finger prints , recognizing facial features and scanning of iris .
Hence , biometrics which is part of surveillance technology can be used for authentication purposes ( Smith , 2009 ) as for instance , the biometric passport which can be used to prevent thefts identity and also to conduct automatic immigration clearances .
Critics of this objection claim that our security will be at risk as the embedded secret codes can be cloned and thus allowing the hackers to enter the country illegally .
While it is true that such an event may occur , but with the advancement of technology and tighter regulations , this problem can be rectified .
Drivers will be more conscious of their speed limits when speed cameras are around ; shoplifters will think twice before committing when there are various security cameras in the shopping mall .
In fact , crime rates would probably be a lot higher if there are totally no surveillance cameras around .
Phone calls could be tapped ; and even along the common streets of orchard road , there are surveillance cameras lurking around .
Even with further encryption security , this has been proven to be easily overcome .
Types of surveillance technologies include Cameras ( CCTV ) , Face- Recognition , Biometrics , RFID ( radio-frequency identification ) and even Cookies in web browsers ( Jeffrey A 2009 ) .
There is no denying that surveillance technologies that are extremely useful with wide ranges of uses from monitoring traffic to the detection and prevention of crime ( Jeffrey A 2009 ) .
Therefore surveillance technology should not be used to track people useless with prior permission .
Positive uses of RFID in inventory management include tracking items with toxic substances , tracking manufactured products through the supply chain and tracking pharmaceuticals to point of sale to ensure proper handling through the supply chain ( Alan RP 2005 ) .
Profiling and monitoring can then be used to track individuals and their choice of products ( Alan RP 2005 ) .
Although this may just be the store trying to use of RFID systems to try to increase sales , it violates the personal privacy of the customer ( Alan RP 2005 ) .
One example would be the company Prada , which uses RFID systems in dressing rooms to suggest accessories ( Alan RP 2005 ) .
When the sales transaction takes place , the store can permanently store all personal information about the customer , including credit cards and telephone numbers and associate it with the specific item ( Alan RP 2005 ) .
These information could then be used for many purposes like marketing activities and personal profiling based on past purchases ( Alan RP 2005 ) .
The RFID tags used remains attached on items even after they are purchased , which could subsequently be read when they encounter an RFID transceiver anywhere ( Alan RP 2005 ) .
With the information , it is possible to identify the person as well as personal information such as shopping records and credit history ( Alan RP 2005 ) .
Invasive custom marketing activities could be developed through reading of tagged items and in the worst case scenario , individual movements could be tracked by just being in possession of the items ( Alan RP 2005 ) .
There is currently a program called NEXUS which allows U.S. and Canadian citizens to register their fingerprints , photo , and other personal data and , if approved , receive a card with an RFID tag ( Alan RP 2005 ) .
When individuals wish to travel between the U.S. and Canada , the RFID tag allows them to be cleared though inspection in less than five seconds ( Alan RP 2005 ) .
Not only is it convenience , because the individual already gave prior permission , it is not consider to be a breach of privacy .
There are three main aspects that RFID will benefit human beings .
It is because RFID is able to efficiently detect terrorists and criminals who hide drugs in their bodies , all objects made by mental , all explosive devices and so on .
In this way , public 's benefits are protected as much as possible .
Moreover , if government enhances the degree of secrecy of the surveillance technology , these people with evil thoughts may have a hard time to approach it .
In conclusion , the surveillance technology , RFID , should not be banned as it is able to benefit our society significantly , not only on the economics aspect , but also the human beings ' security .
However , the aspects of human are always controversial topics for many years .
When using RFID for surveillance for finding crime , for instance , the official authorities you have to look at lots of sensitive and even intimate information .
The individual , aware or not aware of this using , will have his serious loss of privacy .
Through this , the hackers can assault the individual 's life , or more seriously , exploit those information to assault the government and military systems .
Let 's remind us of inventing nuclear weapons and creating wars everywhere .
It is advantageous , but do not go too far , or it will kill ourselves .
Surveillance technology has a history dated back as early as 1965 , where the first closed circuit television ( CCTV ) was used in the police force in the United States in public places ( Roberts , 2005 ) .
For example , GPS 24/7 continuous real-time tracking of and individual , and is considered several times more powerful than the traditional visual surveillance often exercised by the police force ( Michael & Rose , 2007 ) .
According to FOXNews.com on the 21st Of May , 2006 , the authorities can now track dangerous sex offenders with GPS without keeping them in prison at taxpayer 's expenses , even after serving their time .
The balance between personal privacy and national security lies on a fine line ( Michael & Rose , 2007 ) .
In conclusion , surveillance technology to track people should not be banned due to the benefits it bestows : such as the prevention of crime , detection of danger , as well as the monitoring social behavior .
Over the years , surveillance technology has advanced drastically and it has slowly integrate into our daily life where video cameras can be commonly seen monitoring us in shopping centre , workplaces and residential areas .
The monitoring of one 's movements and activities is introduced to ensure our safety and prevent crimes .
However it has also raised concerns that we are monitored just like criminal .
Therefore , since the disadvantages of surveillance technology outweigh its benefits , it should not be use to track people .
Firstly , the use of surveillance technology threatens our human right of privacy .
( Ball , K. , Lyon , D. , Wood , D.M. , Norris , C. & Raab , C. 2006 ) .
This information can be misused by individuals with ill intention , using it to manipulate us for their own benefit .
Thus , since surveillance technology infringes our privacy , it should not be used to track people .
For instance , some employers would install surveillance monitors in their workplaces to track the activities of their employee ( Ball , K. & et al .
This would subject the employees to constant fear of committing mistakes if they are aware that they had been monitored , it could diminish their moral which in return affect their productivity and efficiency at work .
Furthermore , parents would resort in using webcams and GPS systems to check on their children ' activities ( Ball , K. & et al .
2006 ) instead of trying to communicate with their children to understand the friends they mixed with and to find out their whereabouts .
( Ball , K. & et al .
Lastly , surveillance technology such as RFID ( implantable radiofrequency identification technology ) poses potential health hazards to individual .
RFID in the form of Verichip is used for patient identification to provide to healthcare providers with efficient access to patient 's medical history and contact information .
However , since there is limited number of RFID human implantations performed , there is insufficient data about the possible side effects related to it , recent tests indicate that there are potential health hazards such as cancer , adverse tissue reaction , magnetic resonance imaging incompatibility and infections that could affect the old and feeble individuals .
Hence , since there are many adverse health effects of RFID that is still not known thus the use of surveillance technology to track people should be banned as the implantation of Verichip in patient bring more harm than benefits .
On the other hand , supporters of surveillance technology state that surveillance technology plays an important role in crime detection and prevention thus maintaining the country 's security and prevent terrorist attacks .
In conclusion , it is evident that the use of surveillance technology to track people should be banned as it not only threatens one 's privacy inhibiting them from exercising freedom but the use of surveillance technology also poses unknown potential health hazards in individuals .
In addition , it creates suspicion in individuals causing them to loss mutual trust for one another resulting in breaking of social relationship and family bonds .
Nevertheless , surveillance technology has limited efficiency in crime prevention hence it should not be use to track people since it fails to protect us .
As an unavoidable consequence , it raises ethical issue , which states that such penetrating technology has invaded people 's privacy because more and more personal habits and behaviors are monitored without permission .
It is demonstrated in hospitals , crimes and workplace .
Firstly , the surveillance technology can be used in hospitals to monitor movements of its patients in case of emergency .
In conjunction with a video surveillance system to cover different regions of the hospital , it can track the patients ' movements any time at any corners of the hospital .
When one committed a crime , the policemen can track one 's movement and locates one 's whereabouts or extract one 's information or past history .
( Christiana , J. , Cirella , N. , Lee , B. , Sun , J. , and Werner- Allen , G. , March 2007 ) Furthermore , in New York , RFID is also being used in schools .
According to information released by the federal Bureau of Justice Statistics in late November , the crime rate such as school fights and percentage of students bringing weapons to school had indeed fallen since 1990s .
The most controversial issue about the use of surveillance technology would be ethical issue regarding people 's privacy , which is strongly demonstrated in workplace privacy .
For instance , RFID tags are placed in 80000 employee uniforms at the Star City Casino in Sydney Australia ( Gruber , J. ) .
Some people say that the install of such technology reduces the employees to robots , deprived their individuality to only-working-machines so as to achieve maximum productivity .
This has intruded employees ' privacy and thus should not be used .
In conclusion , I think the surveillance technology should be used as its benefits outweigh its harms .
It is useful in tracking patients in hospitals , criminals after they committed crimes and employees in workplace .
The individual privacy should be put aside when the benefit of public plays a more important role .
Surveillance technology such as RFID ( radio-frequency identification ) , GPS ( Global Positioning System ) and security cameras are used to monitor the action of public .
After the September 11 attack , the use of such technology has become more prevalent so as to increase security level ( Vedo Soft 2006 ) .
It is also used to monitor those who require special attention such as Alzheimer 's patients to ensure that they receive appropriate and quick medication during emergency .
Thus , on a whole , its advantages clearly outweigh its disadvantages such as individual 's privacy .
The presence of security cameras in public places helps to reduce crime rates as criminal fear that their actions will be recorded .
According to park officials of Balboa park in San Diego , California , nine months after the installation of surveillance system , the crime rates has been reduced in all aspects and more people visits the park as they feel more secured ( Nieto 1997 ) .
One of the common methods to ensure this is by surveillance technology and this has significantly helped Singapore to be one of the country with the lowest crime rates .
Secondly , surveillance technology has been proven to be effective for social control as it helps to monitor those who needs special attention such as Alzheimer 's patients .
According to TIME magazine article written by Morrissey , a study conducted in 2006 showed that 4 % of the 1,260 mice implanted with RFID developed tumors .
However , none of them are malignant .
" Should the use of surveillance technology such as RFID to track people should be banned ?
Radio-frequency identification ( RFID ) technology has advanced from industrial and animal tagging applications to being able to track people 's movements ( Friedlos , 2009 ; Kanellos , 2004 ; Masters & Michael , 2006 ) .
Some companies made it compulsory for their staff to wear RFID tags to facilitate personnel identification and access control ( Masters & Michael , 2006 ) .
Knowing that they are being spied on , they will have less tendency to commit crimes .
Unauthorized removal of baby would trigger the alarm thus enhancing baby safety ( Masters & Michael , 2006 ) .
This has enhanced patient care as nurses have more time for other patients and are notified immediately when patient has a fever ( Friedlos , 2009 ) .
During the recent years there has been an increasing uptake of the surveillance technology .
And the current technology has made it possible for the surveillance system into a wide-spread use in our daily life , such as electronic payment , supply chain management , and livestock .
Some argues that the tracking should be banned for it may causes serious outcomes related to the violation of privacy .
But I do not think it is reasonable to forgo this advanced technology for it really plays a great role in the areas related to healthcare and government , and the potential negative impacts brought by can be reduced or avoided if the regulations around it tend to be sounder and sounder .
First , surveillance is very useful to the hospitals and governments .
As healthcare centers , hospitals need to undertake a heavy task in dealing with diseases and maintaining a high level of securities .
" ( Sue kennedy , 2006 ) .
For example , it equips the government with unprecedented ability to detect the potential criminal activities .
And to a great extent , it contributes a lot to the stability of the whole society while only violating the privacy of the criminals .
In fact , many great inventions and breakthroughs in the humans history have got positive and negative aspects , such as the automobiles which have brought great convenience to people while causing large damages to the environment by emitting pollution gases .
The only thing we can do is to improve their efficiency and seek new and green power supplies for them to make them as environmental-friendly as possible .
The last two decades witnessed drastic development in material science and digital processing technology , which made Radio Frequency Identification ( RFID ) , an advanced surveillance technology applied in the business and tracking world .
This controversial issue aroused wide concern from society , for RFID made tracking people easier .
For instance , this human use of it can be implanted in the elderly people who are suffering degenerative diseases .
( Surveillance Studies Network , 2006 ) Since it is so dangerous for elderly people with sick brain condition to get lost , carrying RFID chips enable their families to locate them .
Thus , it not only eliminates danger for those elderly people , but also reduces the worrying time and effort for their families .
Moreover , for some construction project with high fatality rates , obviously we need more accurate and reliable technology to protect workers during the programs .
RFID enables us to provide accurate position of every worker who carries its tag .
This high-tech system was used in the second Gotthard tunnel grogram and other companied like Kronos Titan , Leverkusen ( Germany ) in the chemical sector for production of hazardous materials .
Secondly , RFID is an efficient and reliable surveillance tool to watch people who carry underlying threat .
For the prisoners in custody , it is necessary to watch and track them in case of adding crime .
( Surveillance Studies Network , 2006 ) Meanwhile , using RFID to keep watching those employees working for high-security areas confers benefits that are clear and compelling .
Both of these roots are evidences that RFID community has done a poor job at conveying to the public , in an accurate understandable form , what technology is and its capabilities .
280-282 ) ) Meanwhile , some hold that it should be banned since it intrudes people 's privacy .
We will lose all its advantages and benefits once such technology is banned , which will lead to more casualty and threat to society .
Furthermore , science and technology development in such areas will be barricaded once we ban , which affects human society and civilization further .
In conclusion , RFID as a surveillance technology should not be banned as it protects special groups of people and help to watch people who have potential threat to our society .
Citywatcher.com , a surveillance company , is one of those companies to have RFID chips implanted in their employees ' arms ( Gruber , n.d. ) for safety measures .
Patients are also given RFID tags to wear so that should they begin to collapse , aid can be given to them immediately ( Kanellos , 2004 ) .
The RFID tags are broken once patients are discharged so the bed can be prepared for new patients so waiting time would be reduced .
Hence , these technologies should not be banned as it efficiently locates enemies , save lives and at the same time ensures that civilians are not harmed by the new regulations .
Firstly , surveillance technology can be used for security and deterrent to prevent crimes .
The concept of human tagging has been widely accepted , but one has to take note on its purpose .
For those regions where kidnapping are more prevalent such as Mexico , children tagging can actually help their parent identify them after many years or it can serve as a mean to deter kidnapping because parent can locate their children using gadgets ( Wired , February 2000 ) .
It is just used in specific area or person who actually benefits from its application such as in the case of child kidnapping .
The reason why it is so difficult to track and record accurately in the past is that in such a big event , it may take about one hour for certain runners to even reach the starting point and start the race .
Thirdly , Terrorism has become an enormous threat to the security of many countries in the world especially in the US .
Government has gathered various ways to combat terrorism and RFID is one of its mean .
RFID can help the government to gather information such events involving people , mobile and places into the computer system so that they can watch out and catch suspicious personals .
The welfare of the entire populations supersedes the individual rights for the case of terrorist attacks .
In conclusion , surveillance technology should not be banned , but one has to take not of the purposes of its applications .
We have seen that the identification technology has progressed in leaps and bounds over the last few decades .
There are however , variety of issue raised associated with the appropriateness to deploy RFID technology to track individuals .
Nonetheless , despite RFID is still progressing in its infancy stage , it is seen to possess uncapped potential and can be put into valuable uses , especially in connection with hospital- patient identification , anti-theft tracking as well as in government agencies for identification purpose .
Firstly , RFID system can be utilized widely in hospital in-patient identification.The system can be used to monitor the whereabouts of patients and also medical personnel staffs in the hospital .
One good advantage about the device is that it does not require line-of-sight monitoring .
It ensures a higher level of security and also allows nurses to administer more patients at a time .
Unlike barcodes , RFID do not need to be placed precisely relative to the scanner .
Swedberg ( 2004 ) cited that in countries like New Zealand , Pakistan , as well as Malaysia have embedded RFID chips in their citizen 's identification card .
RFID chips are also being used in identification cards in corporations and school to control unauthorized access .
With all that have been said , the advantages of the usage of RFID clearly outweigh the drawbacks of the technology .
One needs to understand the benefits being brought about by RFID in different sectors .
RFID is Radio Frequency Identification that uses electromagnetic spectrum to transmit signal so that we can locate the exact position of someone .
On one side , some people think that surveillance technology should not be used to track other people because it intrudes other people 's privacy .
On the other hand , some argue that this technology should be used , especially for security reason .
First , it will intrude other people 's privacy , for example the usage of RFID in smart card that includes a microchip that stores ID , phone number , bank account , or address which are such critical information on each individual ( RFID Journal,2003 ) .
The problem approaches when there are hackers who can access the information that is stored in RFID smart card .
Second , the usage of RFID by company to track other company 's data , such that all fax , telephone , or email are intercepted so that all of the vital and very useful data of one company can be detected by other company ( Bogonikolos,1999 ) .
These conditions will cause unbalanced competition among the company that will in turn affect many people .
Generally all of these conditions will only bring inconvenient conditions for someone who is being tracked .
By using this technology , all of the activities that are happening can be viewed through camera so it is important to organize the security of the place ( Burnell,2007 ) .
The other use of RFID that some people think could bring advantage is RFID microchip implanted inside human body , especially in those who suffer chronic illness such as Alzheimer or Dementia .
This technology will help their family to identify their positions whenever they get lost .
In conclusion , the usage of RFID to track other people will bring tremendous effects to many people 's life .
Therefore , I agree with the banning of the usage of RFID to track other people because it is such immoral and irresponsible action that will make other people suffer loss .
For example , the police have to keep the suspect under surveillance by following the suspect physically , army has to send soldier to the enemy in order to master enemy condition .
Nowadays , we can locate anyone at anytime just with a small chip and a reader .
First and foremost , usage of surveillance technology in hospital can improve the success rate of cure especially for emergency cases .
On the other hand , RFID tagging can also be used on patients for nurses or doctors to keep an eye on them in case they have inappropriate actions such as moving towards unsafe areas or they suffer from a sudden organ failure .
Also , items are tagged with RFID chips which have unique serial number .
Thus , once they are dislocated from their original destination , a signal will be sent to notify the shop attendance .
If the item is stolen out of the shop , it can be traced easily , therefore not only the item can be recovered , the thief can also be nabbed .
However , critics argued that surveillance technology has greatly intruded their personal space where they have this psychological feeling of 'being watched ' by others on every single day .
To think of it , would you rather want a safe environment which your privacy may be compromised , or to choose privacy over safety ?
Everyone has different perception on privacy .
Therefore its bias to say that surveillance technology threatens one 's privacy to a huge extent .
Surveillance is the process of monitoring the behaviours and activities , usually of people without their permission .
Lots of surveillance tools are invented , such as CCTV ( close circuit television ) cameras , RFID ( radio-frequency identification ) , GPS ( global positioning system ) etc. Extensive and growing use of electronic surveillance technology has resulted in considerable debate especially the ethical questions concerning privacy .
Although it appears to be breaching the privacy of communities , surveillance technology has in fact enabled to track the public 's health , ensured the public safety and monitored the employees in companies .
First of all , surveillance technology should not be banned as it has enabled the tracking of health of public .
Besides that , it can supply detailed body information to hospitals and then public can alter their behaviours like exercise and diet after the interpretation from doctors .
With the implants , RFID chips may convey the messages regarding health conditions of patients , such as those with epilepsy , heart disease , or mental impairment , especially for those who are unable to communicate effectively with hospital staff about their medical histories or current complaints when they are in need of immediate treatment .
In addition , it also decreases the slight discrepancy of diagnosis by doctor due to the influence of their experiences .
Thus , surveillance technology to track the health of communities aids in reducing the mortality rate due to health problems and also decreasing the misinterpretation of verbal communication by the doctors .
This is very crucial as to ensure that the productivity and the efficiency of workers are kept to a maximum .
For instance , employees might seem to be surfing the web for business purposes at all time , but what they are actually doing is personal business such as online banking , shopping and chatting .
It has been argued that one 's privacy might be invaded due to surveillance technology ( Heathfield , n.d. , p.2 ) .
It has also been said that surveillance of employees can affect the relationship between employer and employees ( Heathfield , n.d. , p.2 ) .
Using of surveillance technology has no impact for those focusing on work and doing the right thing ( Heathfield , n.d. , p.2 ) .
Furthermore , security issue is very essential for factories manufacturing coins and jewelleries .
This can alleviate the theft rate in the factories .
As a result , surveillance technology can facilitate the employers to monitor their workers with an extent of not breaching their privacy .
Moreover , surveillance technology is vital in ensuring the safety of public .
By that time , polices are able to trace the culprits ' physical appearance and vehicle 's number .
Then , the time taken to solve the criminal cases is tremendously reduced , compared with the crime not being recorded .
The video recorded becomes a concrete proof to subject the culprits for sanction .
On the other hand , for those having disease like Alzheimer 's disease , surveillance technology facilitate in finding them out if they get lost in somewhere else .
In conclusion , surveillance technology should not be banned as it ensures the health and safety of public , besides being used to monitor the performance of employees .
If we persist with banning of surveillance technology , public will be exposed to a dangerous environment in which crime will happen frequently .
Without the surveillance , the decreased productivity of workers may bring the unemployment issue to the surface again .
Although until now there are still many debates about the ethical issues of surveillance technology , it after all still benefits the communities in many perspectives , so banning of surveillance technology should not be initiated .
It has changed many aspects of our lives and has unknowingly penetrated ubiquitously into our society making many of us dependent on it .
Even though technological advances proves to be a marvel as we move faster into the future , it does not only bring about benefits but also negative repercussions if not dealt with properly .
Surveillance has been around for hundreds of years but technology has 'springboard ' it to a much higher level .
Of course , surveillance technology does have its benefits to the society in terms of safety and security but does it outweigh the undesirable problems that it brings ?
The use of miniature tracking devices to trail the whereabouts of one 's 'target ' has kept human rights activist in action .
Yet many have argued that it is against human rights and thus promote the banning of tracking devices .
It has also benefitted many in the increase level of safety and in locating their vehicles .
For example , when one is involved in a car accident that is located in a secluded place and does not have any communication devices on him or her , the presence of a GPS installed in his car can give love ones or the authorities a direction in the search of that person .
Therefore , the use of tracking devices can actually bring about benefits if they are used with caution and thus should not be banned .
Furthermore , surveillance technology like RFID has also been used in safety of personnel as well as the general public .
Oakland Coliseum located in the United States has made use of RFID to track their staff so as to increase the efficiency in deploying of quick response teams in times of need .
In an incident , their staff will activate the respective standby teams depending on the situation .
In addition to this , Axcess International has also promote the use of RFID in terms of a safety measure by tracking each individual .
Miners are given ID tags before embarking in their decent into the tunnel .
These ID tags provide real-time location information on the miners ' movement as well as location of the tags in possible cave-in .
( Axcess targets RFID for US mining safety , October 1 , 2008 , para 1 )
Surveillance technology has also been used in emergency such as the outbreak of Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome ( SARS ) .
One such example in Singapore is the installation of surveillance camera at homes of affected citizens that are quarantined at home .
Even though it does not comply with human rights law , it is for the better of the society and the government has to take such drastic measure to ensure the preservation of the rest of the society ( Information for Home Quarantine , March 24 , 2003 ) Therefore the use of surveillance technology such as cameras and RFID
Undeniably surveillance technologies do overlap with human rights law , but more often than not , the use of these technologies bring about more benefits than negative consequences .
In conclusion , there should not be a complete ban of the use of surveillance but adequate control by oneself or a governing body to restrict the abuse of this powerful tool .
Surveillance technology and security has become crucial to each country since the terrorist attack in the US on Sept 11 .
Surveillances technology is the use of devices to monitor any behaviour , activities or other changing information that is deemed to be important to any government or personnel 's security .
But this has gone too far , with security came the lost of personal privacy .
Own freedom is compromised and with much hesitant , I do not agree that surveillance technology should be use to track people .
We live our own way and nobody have the right to monitor or dictate our actions .
Be it the government 's security reasons or other excuses , they have no right to impose such a technology on others without our permission .
Secondly , it erodes trust and creates a climate of fear in the person being monitor and the people around them .
Fear causes psychological problems such as anxiety and the lost of a person 's confident .
Anxiety is a very difficult mental disorder to cure and it takes a very long time for a person to overcome this but with constant disturbances from knowing that he or she is being monitor , it will become a significant problem in their daily lives .
Thirdly , not all surveillance devise are used without the person knowing it , some of the devices are used with the knowledge of the person .
A very good example is in certain state in the US where under probation required a device to be fitted to the person 's concern .
These not only causes the person 's distress but also put the whole monitoring agency on high alert if the device malfunction .
Huge cost and time will be wasted and manpower will be mobilized just to rectify these unfortunate problems that arise from this .
Its taxpayer 's money we are talking about .
Do n't the public have the right to dictate how the money should be generated and used ?
For the government worked for the people , not the other way around .
But this does not imply to certain countries that expect the people to work for them .
Lastly , the use of Surveillance technology can be abused by the government and or any agency that used it .
Like in the case of South Africa during the apartheid period whereby opposing to the regime was monitor using the surveillance technology .
Thousand of opposition members were arrested and ill treated by the regime .
The situation became better when Nelson Mandela successfully became the president but at the price of he himself was the victim of their abuse .
Greed and corruption sink in when the people at the very top refuse to give up their power and used underhand means to keep themselves in power .
With easy evidence at their disposal , they will use the law to suppress any opposition to their will .
In conclusion , harm inflicted and personal privacy will be intruded , goes to show that Surveillance technology should not be used to track people as it can be abused by the people who used it .
Previously , the common practice for surveillance has always been through physical means such as prison guards , but in modern times it has been improved and upgraded through image amplification devices such as binoculars , closed circuit cameras and high- resolution satellite cameras ( Bogonikolos , 1999 ) .
Also , RFID propose the risks of information leak during transmission of information .
Modern surveillance technology has constructed a mean for us to gather information readily .
RFID first appeared in 1940 with the primary aim of identifying aircraft for military purposes .
Tentatively , with surveillance , security is on whole tightened .
Many would agree that the sophisticated surveillance technology has indeed been beneficial in the security arena especially after the September 11th incident and government has since then diverts their attention to tracking potential terrorists instead of tracking explosive devices or substances .
For instance , in its effort to locate any suspicious character , Britain has over 4 million CCTV cameras installed along almost every street , every corner just to keep track of every individual ( BBC News , 2006 ) .
The implementation of such a system has successfully foiled some of the terrorist 's plan .
Furthermore , individual would behave themselves upon knowing that they are constantly being " watched " , leading to a possible decrease in crime rates .
As far as the government is concerned , with the use of surveillance device , security is greatly enhanced and discipline is observed .
On the other hand , some argued that such method has inevitably threatened the most basic human rights to freedom as every movements or speech , for more advanced devices , they made are meticulously monitored .
" ( Schneier B,2006 ) Then , there are individuals who abuse the usage of surveillance technology by sending their partner a gift with RFID attached to it so that they will be able to track the location of their partner and know who they are hanging out with .
Obviously such acts are morally wrong and hence the use of surveillance technology to track people should be banned if individual misuse it .
( Lee and Tan , 2007 ) However , individual should also have their right to security , which in turn allows the intervention of government .
Nation security is altogether far more important then the mere privacy entitled to individual .
RFID is also use to track criminals within the prison , detainees or ex-convict .
If Mas Selamat bin Kastari was to have a RFID tag , he would not be able to escape and there would not have been so much fear instilled among Singaporean during that period of his disappearance .
By employing such operation , government would thus be able to prevent any possible mishap from happening .
An opinion poll conducted among Americans and Europeans has shown that 75 % of the respondents " want more , not less , surveillance " ( BBC News , 2007 ) Furthermore , " If it prevents criminal behaviour or improves its detection I 'm all for it .
Perhaps , the increases in the number of terrorists attack has proven to us that government should also tap on the advantages of current technology to counter those sophisticated attacks carried out by the terrorists .
On the minor scale , it is the individual themselves who are abusing such technology for their own gain .
However , when looking from a broader perspective , surveillance technology would have been the platform to stop any terrorist attacks or crimes from happening .
In addition , since most people recognize the main objective of surveillance technology , such technology should not be banned even if it includes spying individuals .
This technology is widely used in public places for the reason of security maintenance , as well as for the purpose of identification and tracking of information .
For example , CCTV is installed in airports , banks , department stores , and even the streets to prevent crime in those areas , while RFID can be used as access key within an organization , means of managing mobile assets of a company , or tool for identifying and tracking of equipment , staffs , and patients in a hospital .
In fact , there are still a lot of applications to RFID in various fields and industries including security , public transport , healthcare , and e-payment that its popularity is increasing rapidly .
RFID tag incorporated into an item can be read from several distances away .
The individual carrying the item may be unaware of the presence of the tag , thus rendering him vulnerable of privacy breaches ( Bhaskar 2007 ) .
Therefore , regulations should be made to protect the privacy of individuals , such as the need to indicate the existence of the tags on customer products and the restriction on information gathering .
For instance , personally identifiable information ( PII ) such as license plate number of an individual carrying an RFID enabled card or travel document can be read by a third party without his consent since unauthorized RFID reader can read the RFID number from the card or document ( US Department of Homeland Security 2008 ) .
However , some may argue that the benefits of surveillance technology actually compensate the concerns about privacy .
RFID tag embedded into items or products can help owners to track down their valuable belongings should their items be stolen or missing .
RFID also helps to identify disaster victims , and provide effective treatment for patients in emergency situation in a hospital .
Surveillance technology can be used for instance to monitor the data exchange on network or to observe the activity of someone using a surveillance camera .
However people are mainly concerned with their privacy being violated since they are being tracked down .
It can also gives out the important information on the individual without any permission from the person .
The first reason is concerned with the idea of individual 's privacy ( CASPIAN , 2003 ) .
When someone buys a product that is tagged with RFID , the radio wave can still be detected as long as the chip is still active and in range of detection .
Groups of consumer in UK , France , Germany and Netherland were polled by a consultancy group named Capgemini and 95 % of the consumers were worried that the information gathered from RFID could be used freely without their consent by third parties ( BBC , 2005 ) .
This survey indicates that privacy 's breach is indeed an important concern for people .
Secondly , the information gathered through RFID can be used in a way that can endanger the life of the individual itself ( CASPIAN , 2003 ) .
For instance , terrorists with appropriate equipments can target a high-ranking official by setting the bomb to explode as soon as the target is in the detection range .
Robbers can identify rich person just by reading the RFID tag on the things the person buys .
All of these can be done in a radius of few meters and these make it even harder for the person to realize that they are being spied .
Others argue that RFID can be used to stop terrorists by monitoring the nation 's food supply , hence keeping the food from the terrorists ( Baard , 2003 ) .
However in this age of digital information , people can easily find an Internet connection and type a few keywords like " remove RFID tag " .
This shows that the RFID tag is not effective in tracking people particularly the terrorists .
To wrap up the discussion on the controversy of using RFID to track people , the examples above show how ineffective is the RFID system on spying people like the terrorists since the RFID tag can be removed easily .
On the other hand , some group of people can even misuse this piece of technology to harm others for the sake of their benefit .
Moreover , survey by a consultancy group Capgemini shows that the majority of the respondents were very concerned over their privacy 's breach particularly on the use of RFID system to track them .
RFID also known as radio frequency identification is a piece of technology , which makes use of electromagnetic or electrostatic waves in the radio frequency so as to identify or pass the information through the radio wave .
Like many other pieces of surveillance technology , RFID also infringes on privacy issue .
In addition , it also possesses some potential hazards to one if one is implanted with the chip .
Yet , there are far more important benefits if we incorporate the use of RFID , hence we must not ban RFID due to the few negative effects that RFID will have on the future .
It is common to hear that most technologies are like a double-edged sword so is the piece of technology , RFID .
Scientists have shown that if the RFID is implanted in the human body , it will interfere with the hospital equipment [ Anonymous , 2008 ] , hence handicapping the doctors in their treatment for the patients .
Thus it is not encouraged to implant a RFID chip .
However , It will be plain ignorant to ban RFID base on this limitation as there are rooms for improvement since it is still at its developing stage .
The benefits of RFID are its efficiency and the safety it can offer which people in future will enjoy .
If RFID chips are inserted into prisoners , we are able to track down the escapees so as to prevent worst-case scenarios from happening , for example like the case of Singapore 's Mas Selamat case where , Mas Selamat , an important player in terrorism managed to escape from the prison .
Another use is to insert it in minors so as to track them to prevent the kidnapping of them and they going astray .
One recent case study will be the famous case of Jaycee Lee Dugard where she was held captive and rape for 18 years by Philip Garrido .
All these tragedies of minors can be avoided if and only if RFID is implanted in them to monitor the movement of them [ Best , 2004 ] .
For the past years , the controversy of surveillance technology infringing one 's right to privacy still exists and will continue to happen .
However , there can be some laws pass down to ensure that technologies like RFID are not abuse and use in the proper direction .
For example , like the surveillance camera , peeping toms and other criminals commonly use them for crimes , yet why does the government still allow such technology to be used .
Similarly , RFID , which is more feasible and useful than surveillance camera since it can cover a longer range of area than surveillance camera , should not be banned .
It seems obvious that the benefits outweigh the disadvantages of RFID , thus instead of banning RFID when it is not perfected at this stage , we should encourage the further development of this technology so as to achieve a best situation .
Though the debate about the ethical issues of RFID are ongoing , we need to understand that in whatever new piece of technology introduce , there is always a need for as to compromise in some ways since nothing is perfect in this world .
Surveillance technology refers to gadgets that are able to observe and monitor individuals ' behavior and activity from a distance using electronic equipment .
I believe that this technology should not be used to track people down .
Using surveillance technology gives the general public that they are being watched all the time and there is no sense of freedom .
By injecting RFID chips into a person it is somehow liken to imprisoning a person because there is no place the person can go where he can go undetected .
Many might say that by using this technology we are able to detect the location of criminals and medical patients who manage to runaway .
But the reliability of this gadget has not been tested ; there is no assurance that with the installing of this surveillance technology all criminals and medical patients can be detected easily .
Another point to be raised is that surveillance technology may not be effective in preventing nor reducing crime rates as many people would assume that they do .
With the usage of the surveillance technology it gives people a false sense of security because they feel that with technology looking after them they are sure to be safe .
However this may not be the case because surveillance may only help to catch the criminal after the crime has been committed .
Most of the times information from such surveillance technology is redundant because the information recorded during the crime does not provide enough evidence to arrest the criminal .
Furthermore criminals are being wiser each day ; they may outsmart the technology by hacking in to the system to prevent them from being caught .
Therefore it is certainly not a wise choice to use surveillance camera as a replacement of security guards .
Another concern of using surveillance is the health issue .
The usages of certain surveillance gadgets such as RFID being implanted in to the body of individuals are tested to be harmful to the human body .
Humans that are being implanted by these chips have higher incidences of getting cancer ( Layden , J 2007 ) .
Thought the possibility of getting cancer is not 100 % but why should humans exposed themselves to a higher risk of this deadly disease ?
In conclusion , I strongly disagree in the usage of surveillance technology because it is a invasion to privacy , it does not really reduce crime rates and it raises a problem related to health issues .
The money used to futher develop this technology and to implement this technology is better spend on more useful area 's such as the education and medical .
Thus , the controversy over whether or not such use of technology should be banned has been feverishly extended ( Bacchetta & Bacchetta , 2005 ; Marshall , 2009 ; Sade , 2007 ; Two stories highlight the RFID debate , 2005 ) .
Although some people consider such utilization benefits mankind in ways such as security and health care , concerns of loss of privacy and dehumanization , physical risks , as well as problems of identity theft still makes it controversial .
RFID is mainly used on tracking employees and patientsneither is reasonable .
According to a report on July 19 , 2005 ( Two stories highlight the RFID debate ) , the general workers ' union GMB in UK required the European Commission to prohibit the tag of RFID on employees .
Though , after weighing the pros and cons , numerous civil rights groups and privacy groups oppose surveillance as a violation of people 's right to privacy , including Electronic Privacy Information Center , Electronic Frontier Foundation ( Wentworth , 2005 ) , American Civil Liberties Union ( 2003 ) as well as US Department of Justice ( 2008 ) .
However , based on a CEJA report ( Sade , 2007 ) , the American Medical Association has officially reported on July 17 , 2007 that RIFD devices contain potential physical risks to the user .
Thus , it is persuasive that surveillance technology such as RFID should not be banned from tracking people .
In fact , the use of RFID and other surveillance technology brings problems to issues such as our basic privacy , health and the public security .
Firstly , surveillance technology such as the use of RFID should be banned as it intrudes our privacy .
By using surveillance technology to track people , it violates the privacy of one self , thus it is a very serious offence .
This means that the personal data of a person can be easily retrieved and it thus violates one 's privacy .
Study showed that when active RFID tags were shifted around 41 important health devices such as pacemakers , they interfered the devices in 34 tests out of all 123 tests .
And out of the 34 tests , 22 can cause a serious problem to the patients ( Wasserman , 2008 ) .
Despite the convenience of being able to attend to the patients efficiently , the real problem will be that what if RFID is interfered by another RFID as well ?
Furthermore , studies have shown that RFID when implanted into mice , it causes the growth of tumour around RFID ( Wasserman , 2008 ) RFID not only pose a risk to the patients , intensive exposure can be hazardous to a healthy individual too .
Hence , RFID can be a health hazard thus it should not be used .
Opposition argues that with CCTV cameras , criminals will be aware that they are being watched and so it reduces the crime rate .
However , this is not necessary true .
London has more than ten thousand CCTV cameras , however , eighty percent of the crimes are left unsolved ( Davenport , 2007 ) .
This substantially supports that with surveillance technology , it does not reduce the crime rate and enhances public security .
To conclude , surveillance technology should not be used as it not only can not help in solving crime and maintain order , it poses a health threat to the people using it and around it as well .
Shop outlets , employers and even potential crime-doers can use RFID to prey on their desired targets , hence intruding their privacy .
Firstly , stores can use RFID to track and identify customers without their awareness and price items discriminatively .
The opposition can claim that there is an existing employment law and privacy act to govern the employees ' privacy interests .
The law states that the employer is entitled to monitor worker movements and conduct during working hours , so long as the means employed are fair and reasonable and do not unjustifiably disadvantage employees ( Roth 2006 ) .
However , the opposition argued that another novel surveillance technology will probably be invented to counter against such criminals .
Also , a vicious cycle will be created by the criminals using RFID to attack their targets and followed by the police using RFID to detect those criminals .
In conclusion , the use of RFID to track people should be banned , not only because it violates an individual 's privacy but it could also encourage more potential criminals to commit atrocities and to stir up the greed within businessmen .
In the 21st century , not only superman has the power to privies what is in your bag without asking you .
By implanting a chip to human body or attaching a tag to a product , the information of a certain people or an object can be scanned easily by a scanner .
However , does a child really want his or her parents tracking him or her all the time ?
The convenience and problems this technology brings to us make it hard for us to decide whether it should be legal to track people making use of it .
Firstly , the RFID technology is still immature which means we can not guaranty both the accuracy of information we get and the harmlessness of these chips implanted in our body .
Actually , when two or more readers want to scan the same tag , the " signals from their scanners may overlap " which will cause the tag " unable to reply " ( Reported on Techonovelgy.com ) .
When you are implanted a RFID chip or taking some objects with RFID tags , the information about your location , your purchase list and so forth can be easily disclosed .
The RFID supporters may argue that a lot protecting means are provides in this case .
Thirdly , it is purposeless to tracking everyone .
It is true that RFID is really helpful for finding the lost children or tracing thefts .
It will be meaningless and costly to tracking everyone just in case some of them may get lost someday .
Based on the three reasons showing above , the RFID are not reliable enough to give correct information about the tracked person .
Meanwhile , it may invade the users ' privacy .
Finally , it is costly as well as unnecessary to tracking people .
It is widely use to monitor the individual 's activities and behaviors , for instance , to reduce theft or for security .
RFID will be focus in this context .
RFID stands for " Radio-Frequency Identification " which is a technology that uses radio waves to identify people or objects .
The use of RFID tags on products and humans had raised concern for unauthorized access and invasion of privacy ( Sottile , 2005 ) .
However , I do not agree that surveillance technology such as RFID should not be used in tracking people because of its importance benefits like children kidnapping prevention and elderly health care improvement .
Mexico ranked the second highest for the number of abductions happened in each year ( McHugh , 2004 ) .
As the kidnapping rates in Mexico rises , a Mexican firm implemented RFID implants to prevent kidnapping .
Xega , a security firm , offered RFID implantation to help in locating kidnap victims and it had been to proven to be successful as the business in booming ( Rosenberg , 2008 ) .
In addition , a fashion designer Lauren Scott came out with a line of children 's clothing that uses the RFID tag devices to track a child that have been taken more than 30 feet beyond their home .
Although the parents can make use of such benefit to keep track of their children activities through a RFID reader , however , safely of a child is more important than their privacy .
Thus , RFID can be use to track a child as it can prevent kidnapping .
Researchers from Georgia Institute of Technology and Intel Research Seattle found out that the caregivers can monitor the seniors ' daily activities through the data received via internet from the RFID readers and record when and which tagged items they have picked up ( Baard , 2004 ) .
This also means that the elderly will lose their freedom in which food they eat and thing they do .
However , caregivers need the real-time data and record of an individual 's normal daily routine for comparison to identify any significant changes which according to the physician and expert on aging , those changes seen often indicate onset of illness and cognitive decline ( Baard , 2004 ) .
Therefore , the use of RFID to track seniors ' daily routine can improve their health care through early detection of health problem when they are at home .
In conclusion , RFID is useful to track children activities and seniors ' daily routine to prevent kidnapping and improve health care respectively .
I disagree against the idea that surveillance technology such as RFID should not be used to track people as some of its benefits are more important than privacy and freedom concerns .
The use of surveillance technology to track people had become possible due to the advancement in technology .
Even though the use of RFID in human tracking could help to improve on the safety and security , there are several threats such as privacy and health hazardous that we need to consider .
Therefore , RFID should not be used to track on people when threats outweigh the benefits of it .
One of the main concerns on RFID tracking would be Privacy issue .The use of RFID tag on consumer products could track human in an indirect way .
The benefits go to the manufacturers and retailers but not the consumers as the ability to keep track of the products that every single consumer bought would expose the identity of the consumer and intrude one 's privacy .
( Hamblen ,2007 ) .In hospital , RFID implant had been used to store patient 's clinical information with the claim that it could help to improve on medical services .
It is very hard to ensure that patient 's personal information is solely used for clinical beneficial purposes .
Both of previously mentioned usage of RFID faced the same distinct problem which is third party tracking .
This is mainly due to the reason that as long as one own 's antenna that have could receive the same frequency of as the RFID tag , he would be able to track all the information .
The other main concern would be the health hazardous .
According to some of the research conducted to address on tissue reactions to microchip implants in laboratory animals , 0.8 % to 10.2 % of laboratory mice and 2 cases in dog had developed malignant tumors 2 cases on dog showed that caused by implant chips .Although the tests were not done on human but the result is relevant to human as human are naturally subject to malignant tumor in response to foreign body implant .
( Albrecht , n.d. ) .One might argue that health hazardous could be eliminated if RFID tag is used to replace the implant chips .
Long term exposure to electromagnetic fields emitted by the antenna could be another health hazardous that could not be treated lightly .
In conclusion , RFID usage in human tracking is not as simple and beneficial as we thought of .
There are a lot of hidden threats such as privacy issue and health hazardous which we should really consider .
There is an increase in the usage of surveillance technology such as radio-frequency identification ( RFID ) these days especially in passports and hospitals .
These usages of surveillance technology have in many cases , brought about many benefits to mankind but there is also an increasing call for the ban of the usage of surveillance technology to track people as many are concerned with the loss of privacy and the exploitation of personal information .
Opponent of this position argues that RFID-installed passport is in fact , less secure than normal passport as anyone may be able to attain someone else 's personal information with an RFID-reader .
They further argued that information in passport can easily be copied and embedded into a forged passport ( Campbell , 2004 ) .
Although the use of surveillance technology in passport may not be perfect , with the rapid advancement in technological research , continuous improvement can be done in order to further enhance the security aspect of a passport .
RFID have proven to be very useful as medical staffs will be able to access the patients ' medical and personal information quickly anywhere with just an RFID-reader ( Stein , 2006 ) .
This enable doctors to get to know patients ' medical condition quickly especially in time of emergency and also allows the patient 's family members to be contacted immediately .
To complete a RFID system , a tag which is known as transponder and a reader which is known as transceiver are used .
In the case of accidents , the supervisors can get information on the numbers of trapped miners in the mining fields ( KJ-241 personnel and equipments Locating system for mining , 2007 ) and thus able to plan evacuation route .
This will greatly increased the efficiency in dealing with emergency .
Therefore , the hospitals staffs are able to track the patients ' movements using the RFID bracelets on them .
The most controversy issue in the used of RFID to track people is the invasion of privacy .
However , the used of RFID to store information can bring about much convenience and efficiency in hospitals .
There are views that it should be allowed on the ground that such tracking devices actually brings about many benefits , but these benefits comes at a heavy price ; our privacy and rights .
Thus the using of surveillance technology should not be allowed .
Installation of surveillance devices are getting common and it is actually demonstration of lack of trust between the management and the employee .
Productivity of the employee is a major concern of the company .
Such devices enable the management to keep an eye on the employees ' activities making sure that it is in compliance with the company guideline and performing their duties .
However , taking such a measure by the management is a violation of the employees ' rights and privacy .
It will inevitably strain the relationship between the 2 parties and affects employee commitment and motivation towards their work .
In the end productivity of the company suffered as well due to the drastic change in the work culture .
Many surveillance devices like RFID is actually capable of storing information , and hospitals have used it in tagging patient with critical conditions .
The advantage of it is that all the vital medical history of the patient can be easily retrieved if there is a need for emergency procedure .
That would save a lot of preliminary assessment procedures and avoid many unnecessary complications like allergies .
On the surface the devices ability to save life seems remarkable , but it has serious risks of being abused .
The usage of such sophistical technology no doubt preserves the integrity of these data , but it gave rise to the concern being tagged against one 's will to be remained employed .
The implantations process us a " quick and relatively simple procedures " , but the removal of it is not .
These chips might migrate over the years or was placed too deeply .
It is still common use for tagging of endangered animals to aid in the study of their behavior in order to preserve their population .
Such technology has now being shifted from the animals and to be used on human ; it is very degrading and this act displays a total lack of respect towards the tagged personnel .
In conclusion , the use of surveillance technology on tagging on people poses very high risk in leaking out personal privacy data and it is an invasion of personal privacy .
The removal of implanted chip was not easy even if one wishes to reverse it .
Nowadays in this high pacing society , everything is required to be precise .
Managers want their employees ' location at anytime , retailers need information of customers in the store and policeman need identification of the suspicious at the spot .
Therefore , with the emergency of surveillance technology such as RFID , which allows automatic identification of objects , animals or people by incorporating a small electronic chip on its " host " ( Europe 's Information Society , n.d. ) , people 's accurate location can be tracked and returned in time .
This results in furious debate in the society since it brings the potential problems about privacy .
However , since the surveillance technology can not only help companies to keep their effectiveness but also assist to secure public safety .
Company can make a standard on working time according to the conditions of the workers by putting an RFID tags on the them ( Barker , 2009 ) .
Moreover , for retail company , RFID is also a possible tool for them to reduce theft and sabotage .
Therefore , RFID can help to keep companies assets as well .
On important occasions , when there are a large number of people involved , it is nearly impossible for police and security stuffs to identify the criminals when crime occurs .
However , with the help of the surveillance technology , policeman can identify the crinimals very fast and catch them or pay attention to the suspicious at very first to prevent the crime before it can be committed .
They argue that the potential threaten of RFID is substantial since it contains so much private information , therefore , if abusing RFID will lead to a serious consequence .
However , legislation is already in place national level and data protection authorities have been established to safeguard the unauthorized use of personal data ( RFID Consultation , n.d. ) .
Furthermore , the authorities have elaborated working documents on Data protection Issues about RFID to rigorously guide RFID deployers on application ( RFID Consultation , n.d. ) .
In conclusion , it is apparent that the surveillance technology such as RFID to track people is an useful tool this modern society .
Additionally , it is a effective way for policeman to identify criminals and prevent crimes at the beginning .
Thus , if we can utilize this kind of surveillance technology more appropriately and keep more strict regulation on its application all long , it will surely be supported worldwide .
As the application of surveillance technology such as RFID becoming more common and widespread , the community raised an issue of tracking people using these surveillance technologies will harm human rights .
However , I think that the benefits of such surveillance technologies outweigh its cost of intruding human 's privacy .
There are several applications of surveillance technologies in medical field .
This RFID chip plays an important role to let the doctors to access to the patients ' medical information when the patients are incapable to communicate ( Ahuja,A. , 2006 ) .
Furthermore , surveillance technologies also can be used to improve the social security .
In the same time , United States also implemented the usage of surveillance technologies in their prison to control the violence rate .
In addition , these surveillance technologies are also very effective during the rescue operation or investigation .
Implanted RFID chip can help the rescue team or investigation team to identify the deceased in case they are disfigured or trapped .
As an example , the during the 911 incident rescue operations , the firefighters wrote their badge numbers on their arms so that they could be identified in case they are disfigured or trapped ( { Kanellos } [ HYPERLINK : mailto : michael.kanellos @ cnet.com ] ,M. , 2004 ) .
Although applying surveillance technology on people might lead harming human rights , we can minimise this situation by raising the security level of these RFID chip by encrypting the information it contains .
With surveillance technology , such incident can be prevented .
Similar situation can be seen in the military vehicles in Singapore .
Opponents of surveillance technology argue that surveillance technology invades privacy .
