This will , if not already , cause problems as there is very limited space for us .
The solution can be obtained by using technology to achieve a better usage of space that we have and resolve the problems of lands that are inhospitable such as deserts and swamps .
Some countries are having difficulties in managing to get a place to live for their citizens as they tend to get overpopulated .
This has caused problems like the formation and growth of slums which most of the time are not safe to live in due to their unhealthy environment .
The only way to satisfy the increasing demands for space is by achieving a better usage of land like designing taller building so the same area of land can accommodate a greater number of people .
It is also important to use better material that can support buildings during any natural disasters like earthquakes .
A good example is Japan , where there are a lot of tall condominiums despite the large number of earthquakes happening there .
Besides a better usage of land , better sanitation is also needed because a huge number of people will need a clean environment to maintain their health .
Countries with a lot of inhospitable space need not only to achieve a better space usage , but also to restore the land to a livable state and technology can help in a number of ways depending on the quality of the land .
For example , countries with a lot of desert can transform their desert to increase their habitable land and use irrigation to provide clean water to the desert .
Dubai will be a good example for this as previously the country got almost no natural water . But it uses irrigation to bring natural water to the country .
Another example is Netherlands , where most of the land is swamp under sea level . It has used a good irrigation system to counter their problem and to make their land habitable .
As the number of people grows , the need for habitable environment is unquestionably increasing .
In this era , engineering designs can help to provide more habitable environment by designing stronger material to build taller and safer buildings and a better and efficient sanitation system to prevent disease , and also by changing the condition of the otherwise uninhabitable environment .
Besides some technological determinists that allow the development of biometric identification , this technology is also shaped by three social factors , namely , the desire of the society for safety , convenience and economy .
Safety is one of the crucial problems that many countries and companies are concerned about .
On one hand more and more viruses and hackers can access personal computers , so secret data and documents may be stolen .
On the other hand , some important departments need strict rules for their staff members over the use of confidential information to avoid information leaks .
The United States Department of Defense ( DoD ) { Common Access Card } [ HYPERLINK : http : //en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Common_Access_Card ] is a successful example of biometric identification .
As we can see , the biometric identification employed in important security-sensitive areas is designed to identify people with accuracy and reliability .
Besides safety , convenience is also desirable for identification purposes .
We do not want to spend time and effort to remember passwords , and neither do we want to carry any cards or equipment to show our identity .
For government and other organizations , they are also looking for small size equipment for identification .
Therefore nowadays biometric identification process is designed to be very quick , and the equipment can be easily set up or can be combined with other equipment .
We can have a fingerprint verification reader combined with a built-in smartcard reader , and it only takes seconds to verify one 's identification .
Therefore , the equipment of biometric identification tends to be inexpensive .
For instance , Retinal Technologies , Inc. ( RTI ) , captures a retinal image at distances from the user 's eye with the means of just using a patented aspheric lens array .
This technology is widely used in our society and it brings benefits to the government , the military , the business and every individual .
All in all , biometric identification achieves great development as humans seek for better information protection , easier life style and greater economic profit , and it brings tremendous benefits to those who shape it .
Nuclear technology has come a long way since Ernest Rutherford first split the atom in 1917 .
The subsequent realization that the additional neutrons produced from fission reaction could induce a nuclear chain reaction has sparked off widespread interest in nuclear technology .
Since then , nuclear technology has been exploited for wars and arms races and has found many applications in the medical , industrial and energy fields .
The leakage of radioactive gas into the atmosphere prompted the many anti-nuclear demonstrations that sprang up across America in the following months .
Although the reactor was eventually cleaned up and decontaminated , the damage dealt to nuclear power was irreversible and caused its subsequent decline .
To partly offset this gigantic demand for energy , China has launched an ambitious program to produce 16 % of its electricity from nuclear power by 2030 .
This endeavor to produce more nuclear power has stimulated the development of safer designs of nuclear reactors .
Safety concerns characterize the basic concept of the Pebble Bed reactor with its passive safety design .
When machinery failure occurs and reactor temperature increase to extremely high levels , the reactor does not undergo a meltdown or explode ; instead , temperature just stays at the high level until the heat can be dissipated or cooled by coolant liquids .
In conclusion , nuclear technology development has always been driven by social factors .
World War 2 has given it momentum in its initial research , but it will be mankind 's need for a renewable and environmentally friendly energy source that will drive nuclear technology 's future developments .
Carbon dioxide is a greenhouse gas which traps heat within the Earth .
According to Khandani 's article on 'Engineering design process'1 , there are five steps to the process of designing such technologies .
To reduce heat trapped within the atmosphere , carbon dioxide level has to be reduced .
Presently in the market , there are already technologies which can replace present day equipment and emit less carbon dioxide .
As the subject has been discussed for quite some time , relevant information is readily available on the internet and in magazines and newspapers .
These solutions may be generated by analyzing existing products to find out how the weaknesses can be overcome while retaining the strengths .
They will then analyze the solutions based on economic and social considerations .
These products have to be sold in the market ; hence , consumers must be convinced that these environmentally friendly products are as good as the present equipment in terms of performance and cost .
Therefore careful analysis of a product has to be made before selecting a solution for testing and implementation .
According to Khandani 's article , engineers can test the solution by prototyping or concurrent engineering .
These computer simulations take significantly shorter time ; hence , they are a preferred choice as it means that the product can be sold in the market in a shorter period of time .
Through the five designing steps , a product can be designed to meet the need to decrease carbon dioxide level .
Research has shown that fuel consumption has increased twenty percent over the last decade , and has projected that the depletion of fuels is drawing near .
In addition , burning of fuels emits various harmful gases which pollute our fragile environment .
These green house gases are the main cause of worldwide global warming which gives rise to further catastrophes such as the rise in global temperature etc .
Engineers around the world have already started on working on this problem .
To guide themselves in this heavy responsibility of saving the earth , they have used a set of simple steps , known as the Engineering Design Process .
This process consists of five major steps , namely defining the problem , researching on information pertaining to the problem , brainstorming of ideas , filtering of the ideas , and lastly implementing the ideas .
Firstly , we can define this worldwide problem as the search for alternative resources to the existing near-depletion fuels .
Since fuels are non renewable and emit a lot of harmful gases , the alternatives that we are looking for should be a renewable energy source and should not emit harmful pollutants .
Studies have shown that an average of 2 lbs ( pounds ) of fuel is needed to produce 1kilowatt of power .
In addition , we realize that burning of fuels produces a large amount of greenhouse gases .
An example is water , which is a good renewable resource and is plentiful .
This is because a large body of water is needed to harness the same amount of energy produced by a small amount of fuel .
All the solutions will be thoroughly analysed by engineers before coming to a conclusion .
Lastly , engineers will put their solution to test and ensure that the solution is able to solve the problem .
As such , engineers make use of wind turbines and water hydraulic generators to harness the wind and water energy respectively .
Harnessing the wind and water energy may not be the best option , but both sources are renewable and are able to be used to slow down the depletion of fuel resources .
This has shown that the engineering design process is essential in solving problems , and it ensures that the problem is thoroughly looked into and that the engineers are generating ideas that address the main problem , the depletion of fuels and the emission of harmful gages .
Since the adoption of the reform and open policy in the 1970 's , China has been eagerly speeding up its process of industrialization and development .
Among them , education system and perception of innovation are two major difficulties .
However , China 's examination-oriented education system greatly throttles students ' creativity .
Not only parents and teachers but also the whole society pushes students to get outstanding marks in examinations .
Students spend most of their time reciting details in text books and doing tedious exercises again and again simply to get familiar with examinations .
As a result , students have no chance to develop their creative thinking abilities and gradually become .
Many years ago , the situation was different .
In 1931 , Qian Weichang entered Tsing Hua University , majoring in history with 0 marks in mathematics and physics .
However , after one year 's study , he found history not suitable for himself and became interested in physics and showed great talent .
After several years of researching and studying , Qian Weichang made many great breakthroughs in physics .
Recently , a student got a very good result in the National College Entrance Examination ( NCEE ) , but he did not enter the university which he applied for , because the secondary school offered him ¥ 100,000 encouraging him to stay for another year in the secondary school for the next year 's NCEE , expecting that he could become the top student in his province .
Creativity is developed by students ' exploration through their self-learning .
Therefore , the lack of creative human resources seriously hampers engineering design processes for innovations in China .
This problem significantly discourages engineers from making more effort to do research and design , and they have little motivation to work hard .
Therefore , people are well motivated to do research and design , .
The 21st century present China a more competitive and challenging opportunity to develop .
Whether China can take this chance to catch up with those well-developed countries or even surpass them depends on China 's of solving the present problems .
If China can come up with an effective policy to change its education system and stimulate innovation , China 's pace to flourish may become even faster .
Statistics show that the number is only continuing to grow with the existing population explosion .
If the need of feeding millions of starving people is put forward to an engineer , he can view it as a broad topic with many possible solutions .
Some solutions would be to design plants/fertilizers that give higher yield or working with health experts introducing new ways to control population growth .
He could genetically modify the plants genome to match with a plant that gives greater yield potential or he could create a new genetic material for a higher yielding food plant .
Looking at this third step we realize why the second stage of an engineering design process of gathering information is important.Once all the information is put together into the different possible solutions , the engineer is put to decide which method out of the lot is suited best for the purpose and agrees with existing international laws .
This determines how accurate the engineer has been in his work and also if he has looked at nature as a factor during his designing process .
The testing stage is usually either the most rewarding or the most heart- breaking stage of a design process .
Even though the solution seems perfect according to calculations , there are " nature factors " that we can not control which still affect any process under the sun .
It is likely that this genetically modified plant with three hundred percent yield is actually not surviving until harvest .
If that is the case , what the engineer would do is to analyze the problem at hand and point out exactly which part of the solution needs to be modified .
With the many possible solutions , what a smart engineer does is to figure out the best solution and introduce the best way of executing it , so that the need is fulfilled immediately and effectively .
The process of developing a new product based on innovation is not an easy task for innovators .
Innovators , who normally work with a Research and Development department , have to recognize the needs from the public or through research , and are required required to spend countless days and nights to understand the problems , to produce solutions to the problems , to convert the solutions into practical products and to commercialize them .
Through distribution and adoption of the innovation products by the public or specific users , innovators have to face the consequences .
These are not the only challenges that innovators are going to deal with .
In order to proceed from the initial stage of innovation development to the final stage , the most important issue is to have a huge sum of fund for development and commercial purposes .
So , the manufacture company , for example , the company that innovators are working for , is one of the major investors that is providing the fund .
Innovators require development fund in order to meet their needs , such as hardware equipments to work on their prototypes .
But at times , critical situations can happen to or affect the manufacturing company ; then the innovators somehow need to be involve too .
For example , if the manufacturing company did not earn profit in the market , then in order to reduce the cost and prevent the loss from getting worse , the manufacturing company has to stop funding the innovators for the development of their prototypes .
Then the innovators have to stop all work for the development .
For another example , during this recent economic downturn , most of the major manufacturing companies are slowing down in manufacturing existing products and releasing new products .
This shows that manufacturing companies are trying to reduce the unnecessary burden to maintain the companies ' stand .
Therefore , this is one of the major factors that will definitely affect innovators from developing innovation products .
Another challenge that innovators need to be concerned about is commercializing the finalized products .
In this final stage , it is all about packaging , marketing and distribution of the products .
There are cases where marketing departments do not wish to market the innovated products due to various reasons .
For example , the marketing department thinks that the new products are not relevant to what the company is selling .
Therefore , the new products are unable to reach the consumers .
Another example is that the marketing department has set the price of the new product too high ; therefore , it fails to obtain the sales target for selling the new product .
So , this is another major factor that innovators have to consider .
In brief , innovators have to face many challenges when they want to develop new products .
They have to obtain fund from investors in order to develop their innovation prototypes and require help from the marketing department to have their innovation products for sales in the marketplace .
However , these procedures might become another challenge for the innovators .
Engineering design is defined as a process that brings ideas or theories into physical representations which satisfy human needs .
Because engineering designs are always related to real problems , during the five processes , the obstacles they face are more than theories and calculations on paper .
Political issues usually become relevant in the beginning and final steps , especially in the last step .
However , in some cities of China , the government wants to minimize the time spending on problem solving process to show their ability in handling problems and thus forces the engineers to skip the first step or just accept the information the government provides .
In the end such a design may turn out to be useless as it does not meet people 's demand .
In the last step of design , political issues can also disrupt the process significantly .
However , after the design had been carried out for a few weeks , it was stopped .
The government 's explanation was safety consideration for earthquakes and some other disasters .
But such an explanation was non-sense as the engineers did not see such a possibility during their designing ; otherwise the design would not be carried out at all .
Some evidences showed that the reason for the halt of the work was that the higher level authorities thought an underground traffic system was not necessary for Harbin .
In this example , there is nothing wrong with the original design work , but the design still can not be carried out due to political inconsistency between the city government and higher level authorities .
The similarities of political obstacles in both two steps are that such problems can not be easily solved by the engineering group ; in other words , the political problems are unavoidable to some degree .
Another problem , financial issue , is quite common during the design process .
It affects the analyzing and the testing step most seriously though it can affect almost every step of design work .
For most design work , engineers are usually employed by some organizations or companies .
Besides , the lack of financial support or sudden stop in the financial support may even lead to the incompletion of a project .
Compared to the political issues , the financial problem affects more steps and is more common around the world .
Both these problems , though affecting different processes , can lead to a complete failure of a project .
Humankind always has needs and demands because people want to lead a more comfortable and easier life .
There are various fields in which engineering plays an important role in our daily lives , such as entertainment , healthcare , transportation , real estate , and so on .
According to Khandani ( 2005 ) , a company 's survival depends on whether its products are in high demand by the society or not .
Most companies are more interested to invent entertainment electronic goods such as flat LCD screens , smaller and smaller mp3/mp4 players , touch screen hand phones , more portable laptops , and so on which are in greatest demand in the market .
Among quite a number of healthcare products available in market , prosthetic limbs play one of the most important roles .
They are needed for various reasons , including congenital defects , accidents or some diseases .
According to Khandani ( 2005 ) ,to design an efficient and safe artificial limb may usually need five basic design processes , which are defining the problem , gathering pertinent information , generating possible solutions , analyzing and selecting the best possible solution and finally testing and implementing it .
" This is the proof of how a successful design can be beneficial to a needy person .
Governments should also encourage more the research and development of these products .
The cost of raw materials has risen significantly from the year 2003 to the year 2009 and it has affected the electronics supply chain .
The price of gold has risen from about US $ 380/troy ounce in June 2003 to about US $ 960/troy ounce in June 2009 ( " Trend " ) .1 Gold is a very important component in electrical conductivity and thus is often used in contact points such as the communicating interface between the graphics card and the motherboard .
Hence designs that need a large amount of gold may not be feasible .
However , if the engineers are to stick to their original design , the cost of the end product will be high .
When electronic devices are not grounded properly , there is a probability that the user might get an electric shock when he/she accidentally comes into contact with the device .
Another example would be the case of Apple 's iPhone .
There are many reports around the internet and on newspaper stating that some users ' iPhones exploded and the main cause is due to the overheating of the lithium- ion battery .
Lithium-ion battery has a temperature tolerance of about 60OC and anything above that will make the battery unsafe for use . In the worst case scenario , the battery explodes , causing injury or death to the user .
Hazardous products can tarnish the reputation of the company and sometimes even result in the loss of innocent lives .
Thus it is very important for engineers to do repeated trial tests of the product to ensure that it is free of faults .
Lastly , engineers must ensure that the product is safe to use or it will end up not only spoiling the reputation of the company but even injuring or killing someone .
The engineering design process can be defined as a process by fellow engineers in the aid of developing either an entirely new system or improvising on the current to cater to .
This process has always been seen as indispensable to the country 's economic growth in the manufacturing sector .
As we understand the relevance and importance of engineering design , we will come to realize that in reality there are several factors that prevent the progress of engineering design .
Firstly , engineering design processes incur excessive costs .
As a result , research and development in these fields today have become significantly more costly compared to R & D costs in previous years .
In Singapore , there is a certain fixed amount in the country 's national budget allocated to the research and development sector .
Since it is more expensive to conduct creative engineering research , it is inevitable that there would be a slight reluctance in contributing more assets to engineering design on the part of the government ; hence , the actual support given by the government is weak .
Moreover , the government also has other areas to spend their resources on .
Some feel that in these tough economic times , it is wiser to spend the money on restructuring the economy or providing more incentives to encourage entrepreneurship , rather than investing in research in engineering design .
Hence , the area of innovative research and development in engineering is not driven to full swing .
Secondly , the number of creative people in Singapore is small , which may be a major reason for the hampering of innovative engineering design .
The population of Singapore is small compared to other countries in the region .
In countries like China and India , the population numbers in the billions whereas the population of Singapore is only 4.5 million .
For example , five percent of the population in Singapore is 1000 times less than five percent of the population in China .
Although there are many Singaporean-based driven engineering design projects like NEWater plants , much of our economic success is highly dependent on other countries .
In areas of mechanical engineering , our latest machineries are either bought from or are replicas of models in Japan .
The impact of having a limited number of creative people has resulted in Singapore having to resort to buying foreign-based engineering design equipment from overseas .
In conclusion , even though we realize the importance of engineering design processes in innovation , there are still problems like rising costs and population scarcity that hinders the progress of the engineering process .
Serendipity is usually defined as the phenomenon of making an unintentional discovery , and it often results in the invention of a new technology .
There are some similarities and differences between serendipity-based technology and technology developed through research such as the technology used in a refrigerator .
When people encounter problems or demand certain things , they will usually try to solve the problems through research and development .
The invention of the refrigerator came about in the 1910s as people were facing the problem of food storage in summer when no icehouse could be used .
Research and development was carried out to solve this problem and eventually resulted in the invention of the refrigerator .
This is how most conventional technologies have been invented .
Similarly , bearing the problems and needs in mind , when unexpected experiment or research results turn up , researchers or scientists would just apply these to solve some other problems which may be totally unrelated to their initial research objectives .
The Post-it note was invented in this way .
3M , the famous cellotape company , discovered an unsuccessful bonding agent that could not stick paper tightly hundreds of years ago .
However , the 3M researchers found that this failed bonding agent was suitable for attaching notes which satisfied many people 's needs .
Thus the post-it note was invented from this idea .
In this manner , many other serendipitous technologies have been discovered and have solved many problems .
Thus , it is fair to say that both conventional technology or serendipitous technology are stimulated by the realization of problems and needs .
, another similarity between conventional technology and serendipitous technology is the process of development and commercialization .
After the discovery of the creative inventions from either research or serendipity , the more important step is the integration of the inventions .
In this process , the attractiveness and practicality of the inventions are improved such that they can be converted into useful products which are accepted by most people .
If the refrigerator had remained as it was invented in the 1910s and no further development had been made to improve its quality , the refrigerator would just be an unsuccessful invention due to its low efficiency and high cost .
After converting a new technology into a useful product comes the process of marketing .
How other people get to know about your products and are convinced to use them .
For example , the 3M researchers sent their post-it products to Fortune 500 companies ' presidents and secretaries to publicize their products .
Finally 3M achieved a huge success as its products became world-famous through the Fortune 500 companies .
From these two examples , it is clear that another similarity between conventional technology and serendipitous technology is the process of development and commercialization which involve a lot of hard work .
Research is usually based in certain organizations and it requires some time , funds and resources before the researchers can finally obtain the expected results .
In the invention of the refrigerator , many companies like General Electric , Kelvinator and Postum organized research groups to invent and develop the refrigerator .
Many new ideas may just be generated from daily life , from mistakes made accidentally or during research for other technology .
For instance , the idea of the post-it pads was generated from a failed attempt by 3M researches to invent a new bonding agent .
In addition , serendipitous new ideas can be generated by anyone .
However conventional technology is limited to people with professional knowledge like researchers or scientists .
In conclusion , although serendipitous technology seems easier to achieve than research-based technology in the research process , it still requires a lot of hard work to further develop and one still needs to acquire the essential knowledge before one would know how the unexpected discoveries can been used to solve existing problems .
Thus , a serendipitous technology can be seen as a conventional technology obtained with less research .
In different parts of the world , however , there are various factors which slow down the process of industrial designing , and China , my home country , is no exception .
Instead of technical reasons , the main obstacles to innovative inventions are funding and the educational background of the Chinese .
There are two aspects with regard to the problem of funding for engineering innovation. .
First of all , the bigger problem is that the whole country lacks money .
Developing new inventions requires substantial funding , so engineers in China are faced with the difficulty of insufficient funding for innovating industries .
Thus , more resources are allocated to production instead of innovation .
Second , the average income of common Chinese people is relatively low .
An industrial invention needs to be marketed successfully immediately after it is created or it may soon .
Chinese engineers do not lack fantastic innovative ideas but they lack the market for their innovations .
For example , the electrical and gas cars have been on the market for some time .
Over 10 years ago , some states in the U.S. decided that 10 % of the total number of cars must be environmentally friendly , that is , cars running on electricity or gas .
This comparison does not mean that the Chinese people are ignoring the environment but most of us can not afford an electrical or a gas car which is far more expensive than a common one using gasoline as fuel .
Very similar to the case of the non-polluting cars , China also has many creative engineering innovations , but due to their higher cost compared to old products of the same kind , they can not be accepted by the market .
Apart from the issue of funding , the educational background of the Chinese is another factor that can not be ignored .
Chinese education has a history of over 2000 years .
Through the thousands of years , most Chinese scholars have been greatly affected by Confucianism .
One of the core theories of which is to teach people to obey rules and regulations .
This is , in fact , not encouraged by the traditional philosophy of Chinese people .
It is very complicated to find out reasons hindering innovation in China .
Despite the obstacles mentioned above , China is now moving its focus to encourage an innovative society .
Thus , I believe these problems obstructing engineering innovation will be solved in the near future .
This is also emphasised in organisations and bureaucracies , which are structured to provide stability and continuity , being inflexible towards nurturing innovations ( Rogers , 2003 ) because failures will tarnish their reputations .
Hence , have begun to adopt a secretive approach towards inventions and they go " underground " for research and development .
Understanding the differences and similarities between such a path that inventors take and conventionally generated technologies will help us to better appreciate their efforts & the hardships they have to go through in their endeavours .
For instance , during the pioneer year of the National University of Singapore 's Formula Society of Automotive Engineering ( NUS FSAE ) , outstanding undergraduates who show exceptional talents and skills among their peers were selected to work on a new project of building an eco-friendly race car to compete on the international platform .
Another similarity between skunkworks and conventionally generated technologies is that both are given adequate funds and resources by their sponsors to maintain their operations .
For example , being a highly classified project , the Lockheed 's Advanced Development Projects Division , an American aerospace company , was funded by the government to develop the latest aircraft to fight in World War II ( Roger , 2003 ) .
Likewise , the Singapore government has also invested heavily on the transportation system in her plan to build better and more cost efficient MRT stations over the next 6 years ( STBT , September 2009 ) .
The provision of funds and resources is critical towards the productivity of research projects and innovations .
However , in order to escape routine organizational procedures , inventors and researchers working in a skunkworks environment are more often abused in contrast to the people working within a conventional system .
For example , the creation of the Macintosh was the collaborated effort of fifty computer designers who worked day and night under an abusive and aggressive leadership ( Roger , 2003 ) .
On the other hand , within the conventional system , innovators are supposed to abide by strict workplace safety guidelines and routine organizational procedures .
They work in a conducive environment to accomplish their tasks .
However , they receive different forms of treatments and work in different environments .
This is to meet the society 's expectation for them to come up with inventions which are workable the first time round .
From the past to the present , many important innovations have surfaced .
Some of these innovations have been shaped by technology while others have been created from the needs and desires of society .
According to " Centuries of dreaming preceded the first successful flight " which suggests that the basis of this innovation was man 's dream to fly like the birds they see in the sky .
Hence , aircrafts were a socially determined technology which has developed over time , catering to the needs of humanity .
Firstly , the military factor was crucial in shaping the aircraft .
Planes of the present versus those of the past show a noticeable improvement in agility and speed .
In World War I ( WWI ) , for example , planes were fairly slower and more bulky ; as mentioned by " Huge biplane bombers with two , three , or four engines were introduced in World War I " .
However , the military learnt from the fighting techniques used in combats during WWI and required aircrafts which were able to negotiate tighter turns and break the speed of sound so as to evade enemies or catch up with them .
World War II showed improvements in the design and capability of aircrafts , making them smaller and therefore swifter .
In addition , fighters of today are even more advanced and able to break the sound barrier .
Take for example the " F-15 Eagle , which excels at air-to-air defence tactics and which has a maximum speed of over Mach 2.5 " , or " the F-16 Falcon , a highly maneuverable all-purpose fighter-bomber " ( AIRPLANE , 2009 ) .
These planes are a mark of development not only in speed but also in agility .
Most importantly , we see that the needs of the military were a driving force behind the development and enhancement of the aircraft .
Secondly , social factors have guided the growth of planes .
The globalised style of living which has translated to the need to transport increasingly large numbers of passengers , and the need for fast delivery of goods or documents have been some of the social issues that have shaped the airplane .
It is noticeable that the size of commercial planes has increased over the years in response to the rise in global travelers .
The Airbus ' A380 in our world today carries up to " 525 " passengers ( A380 Family , 2009 ) .
Moreover , the U.S. Post Office Department for domestic airlines between 1918 and 1927 as mentioned by
Likewise , in today 's world , global air freight agencies such as " DHL " or " Fedex " require planes that are able to travel long distances fast in order to ensure that mail is delivered to their recipients in the shortest time possible .
In conclusion , the aircraft of today , a socially determined technology , has developed from its ancient clumsy and slow predecessors to its current swift and agile models .
These modifications would indeed not have been possible if not for the varying social as well as military requirements during different eras .
When there is a need for something , a technology is created to solve the problem .
The same applies in the case of the eco-friendly car .
The factors are - political , economic , technological , environmental and social .
In 2006 , a documentary film , An Inconvenient Truth , written by former United States Vice President Al Gore , sparked a series of heated discussions after it was screened in cinemas .
This implied that automobile companies had to pull in large sums of money for research and development work to create and promote the sales of such cars .
Without pressure from the government , no automobile company would have taken the initiative to manufacture and market those vehicles .
Today , economic factors also stress the need for eco-friendly cars .
However the cost to finance this project will be high as much research and development has to be done .
Even though it is expensive to develop eco-friendly cars as they cost around two to three times more compared to gasoline powered cars , this move is vital due to the slow depletion of natural resources for vehicle consumption which leads to the increment of fuel prices .
One reason for this is that the servicing costs are lower for eco-friendly cars that operate on electricity as compared to gasoline powered automobile with internal combustion engines .
Compared to the fuel powered car , the eco-friendly car may be at the losing end due to its speed , its mileage and time taken for battery charging while
Fuel powered cars are capable of running longer distances , do not require battery charging time and are capable of reaching maximum speeds within seconds .
However , eco-friendly car developers are constantly coming up with newer technologies to improve their cars so that in the near future these cars would likely function just as well as the gasoline powered cars .
One of the main factors for the creation of eco-friendly cars is the environmental factor .
The need to reduce pollution levels plays a very important role in the development of eco-friendly cars .
In the past decade , people have been becoming more conscious of the damage that we have been inflicting on the earth .
As mentioned , the Inconvenient Truth has shown that there is a direct link between carbon emissions and the rising temperatures of the earth .
As carbon dioxide " stocks up " in the atmosphere over the years , it traps the sun 's heat , thus causing global warming which eventually leads to various climate changes .
One of the first things we can do to help conserve the environment is to switch from gasoline cars to eco-friendly cars .
As awareness of the effects of climate changes grows , people realize that it is their social responsibility to try to undo the damage to the environment to the best of their ability .
Hence , more people are seeking greener alternatives .
Even British Prime Minister , Gordon Brown , has urged that all cars in Britain should be green by 2020 .
In conclusion , the creation of eco-friendly cars are shaped by the factors mentioned above and I believe that not only is this creation one of a kind , but also that it is here to stay and that it is one of the key creations for the future generations to further develop .
Amidst the rapid economic development of the 21st century , the demand for energy is increasing .
However , the Earth can only provide us limited energy .
We can not increase the amount of fossil fuel .
.
Hence , the use of renewable energy is very important in our planet 's future development .
There are many alternative sources of energy that can be used and applied in our life , such as solar energy , light energy , wind energy , water power and so on .
Not only do all these alternative sources of energy help help reduce our dependence on non-renewable energy sources , but but the power generation processes for renewable energy are also environmentally friendlier .
Currently , since people realised the features of environmental protection and the economic efficiency of solar energy , the use of solar energy has been made use of more and it has become widespread in everyday life .
Energy from the sun 's rays is known to be very environmentally friendly as it is a clean form of energy .
only a solar collector and solar panels are needed to convert energy into electricity .
.
In return , but this also means there is no need to maintain the heaters .
However , solar energy is available in the evening , so that energy storage is an important issue in providing a continuous supply of energy .
In order to keep providing heating , an efficient method to store solar energy is by using heat-of-fusion units which use chemicals to change water to a solid form .
, except that the liquid absorbs the sun 's rays and then the chemicals convert the liquid to a solid so it traps the energy .
The world in the 21st century is faced with a severe problem of global energy shortage .
Industries require resources such as electricity , oil and petroleum for various outputs .
However , the rate of energy consumption by humans is much higher than what nature is able to produce .
Therefore , the last decade has witnessed increasing energy prices due to an insufficient supply of energy .
In response to energy shortage , engineers are designing more efficient products and systems .
Among the solutions such as and recycling natural resources , finding alterative resources seems to be the best solution to providing a sustainable supply of energy for various industries .
Natural movements such as the tide , the wind and the waves can all be used for generating power .
solar technology , which converts radiant light from the sun into heat , can also be applied to many industries .
The International Energy Agency reports that 2.1 % of all energy and 15 % of all electricity were provided worldwide by nuclear power in the year 2005 ( Key World Energy Statistics , 2007 ) .
This shows that nuclear power may gradually replace traditional oil and petroleum .
Although it seems very optimistic that many potential alternative energy resources can be found , there are , in fact , other economic and social constraints faced by engineers .
First of all , the costs of new energies such as solar electricity are much higher compared with traditional ones .
For instance , in the process of consuming hydrogen fuel , greenhouse gases will be generated , which may contribute to global warming .
Third , natural energy resources such as wind energy and wave power can only be used in large countries with sufficient land and water ; thus , small countries may encounter energy dependence on external resources and be forced to pay much more for energy .
To further improve the usage of alternative energies requires more efforts by engineers .
In addition , zero carbon technology should be encouraged in response to the concerns of climate change .
To conclude , engineering design processes can be applied to help solve the current problem of global energy shortage .
If engineers are capable of introducing environmentally friendly energies at reasonable cost and sufficient quality , we can expect a future balance between energy consumption and energy supply .
Technologies are usually developed to cater to certain needs of people , whether to provide better methods of doing things or to develop tools that facilitate working and living .
This also applies to virtual technology , which was developed within a specific social and technological context and which evolved to meet increasing needs in a changing environment .
Virtual technology was first developed to address the need for extensive communications .
The excitement brought by modern technologies increased the demand for more extensive interactions , not only with friends but also with strangers .
At the same time , new technologies also raised the issue of privacy .
Thus , it was not surprising to observe an increasing need for a convenient and cost effective platform where a large group of people are able to communicate , transcending geographic barriers , while retaining a certain level of independence and privacy at the same time .
To address such increasing social needs , the concept of a virtual world was .
Virtual technology was first designed with a series of unique properties to address the observed social needs by engaging a large user population .
This made interactions among a great number of users possible .
The user-friendly operation platform designed made the virtual world more accepted by the public and the simplified navigation process also made virtual technology more accessible to IT laymen .
In addition , with the establishment of facilities and the popularization of computers , virtual technology became more and more accessible and engaged increasing numbers of people .
The low cost of virtual technology , as compared with that of other types of communications such as the telephone , also attracted numerous users .
However , as the social environment changes , the initial virtual technology developed has become insufficient to meet increased social needs .
Virtual technology has hence been refined to meet the evolving needs .
Factors such as the business environment , changing educational styles and new military demands have shaped the development of virtual technology and solutions making use of virtual technology have been designed designed to address each specific need .
The development of virtual technology has been largely influenced by the world 's booming economies since the start of the 21st century .
New technologies have made people realize the underlying economic opportunities beyond geographic barriers and national boundaries .
People have been looking for more convenient and cost effective methods for transactions and business cooperation .
Catering to this need , a series of solutions have been developed based on virtual technology .
One of them is e-commerce websites where virtual interfaces enable convenient and efficient transactions of goods and services .
Another example is E-conferencing which allows a staff to attend meetings even while away on business trips and which has made business processes much more efficient .
This especially applies to places where educational resources are limited due to geographic barriers .
E-learning has provided an alternative way to attend lessons conducted by teachers in classrooms .
Another example of virtual technology being developed to meet educational needs is business simulation games where the real business environment is simulated and students can learn from .
Such business simulation games have been largely used as innovative learning tools in various business all over the world .
Apart from the demands from business and education , other factors have also shaped the development of virtual technology and solutions have been designed to meet these needs .
An example is virtual training devices used by the U.S. army .
To sum up , virtual technology , like other types of technologies , was socially and which has evolved to meet the changing needs of the society .
Thus , the development of virtual technology has been shaped by social factors such as the business environment , educational needs and military demands .
Meanwhile , the level of development of science and technology is an important symbol of a country 's strength .
However , problems inevitably arise and affect the process of innovation due to improper strategies or methods .
, there are two major problems in China .
One is that some engineering designs do not meet the needs of the market .
In other words , these designs are produced without adequate market survey , so they turn out to be unwelcomed by the public .
Though the designs are products of fantastic conception , they become useless like rubbish once booted out of the market .
After China adopted the policy of reform and opening-up , the Chinese government has long been encouraging people to make varieties of innovations .
Nevertheless , it does not mean that every design can be turned into a product .
The key is still the needs of the market .
In addition , among all applicants of patents , .
An individual has an obvious disadvantage compared with a team , and that is to say an individual can not handle everything well at the same time .
Without market survey and access to , it is inadvisable to make designs blindly by divorcing oneself from reality .
No amount of such designs would be useful .
The second problem that hampers engineering design processes is the patent policy .
China has long been a great country of patents , but the commercial success of these patents is quite rare .
Most Chinese patents are " Appearance Patents " , not " Innovation Patents " .
Appearance patents are a rather tough issue and among the patent infringement cases in China , more than 90 % belong to this kind .
appearance patent applications do not need to be censored .
As long as the application documents meet the required format , the patent will be approved .
The enormous number of applications for patents have caused large numbers of patent infringement cases .
" Now patent disputes have become the most serious obstacle in the development of some companies .
Conditions in developed countries may be different .
For example , in America , all patents must be censored so the cases of patent infringement are fewer than China .
Normally patent infringement lawsuits can be settled out of court due to the high cost and complicated procedures .
While in China , with the simple procedures and low cost , patent infringement lawsuits have even become a tool for unfair competition between companies .
The Chinese government is now paying attention to reforming the patent law and the new law will be put into practice in October .
In conclusion , China is sparing no efforts to solve problems in order to make innovations real intellectual products .
Every country will encounter problems in its development .
As a developing country , China is now facing problems in many fields .
The two problems are the education system and public policy on industry .
The problems affect engineering design in two aspects , independent innovation and engineering application .
First , the education system in China is a problem for innovation .
It is accepted that Chinese students are good at science .
They have a solid foundation for math and physics and they can solve complex and difficult problems quickly .
China 's education is a typical exam-oriented education .
Now , this situation has become a problem for the nation because the present generation lacks creativity and innovation .
In China 's education system , students are only required to receive knowledge and do drill exercises to consolidate their knowledge but they neglect to explore the knowledge further .
Chinese students are taught to remember many formulas and rather than ask questions .
Having undergone this mode of education for a long time , people 's thinking is limited and rigid .
The president of the Chinese University of Science and Technology pointed that students ' lack of innovation would become the bottleneck of development of China in the future ) .
In addition , there are still many inadequacies in the policies regarding science and industry .
In China , economic policies are very flexible but policies on developing the scientific industry are strict .
For example , the investment and attention that the nation puts on technology research and engineering are deficient ( Xin , 2005 ) .
which needs much support to .
However , the policy of engineering and industry can not meet these needs .
The state only invests in specialized research institutes .
In the actual production and application of new inventions , the support from the government is not nearly enough .
These two problems affect engineering design and innovation in China .
First , because of the mode of education , most engineers and scientists are relatively weak in creativity .
This directly affects the process of innovative engineering design especially in .
In the technological age , since independent innovation is very important to a nation 's development , the society needs people with innovative talent .
If engineers do not come up with new ideas , they can not find the best solution for different problems .
Moreover , the policy on science and engineering also affects the process of engineering application . Due to insufficient investment in research and engineering practice .
Many theories can not be applied .
As a result , the field of engineering design is slow in progress and there are still a lot of complex problems left unsolved .
In conclusion , the structure of China 's education and China 's policies on engineering and industry are two significant problems which hamper innovative engineering design processes in China .
If engineers lack creativity and innovation , it would be difficult for them to and make improvements .
Although China is expected by a lot of people and countries to prosper , there are still problems that hamper its development .
This article will focus on two major problems that hamper the innovational process of engineering in China and their impact on a particular stage of the process .
China 's design and innovation industry is mostly at the lower end of the world production chain , which means that production in China is energy-consuming , labour-intensive , but not very profitable .
Although China devotes many resources to production , the added value for innovation is low .
Out of 10 dollars made , this factory only has 1 dollar , while the Japanese company gets 9 .
The reason why this factory gets so little is that the design belongs to the Japanese company .
In reality , there are thousands of such factories in China , which reflects China 's low-end industrial structure .
As a consequence of its low-end production which gains profit from mass production and resource consumption , Chinese companies mainly focus on lowering cost , rather than creating innovative ideas .
Therefore , very little money is devoted to the design process for innovation and these companies only reproduce this low-end production circle .
In addition to China 's low-end industrial structure , the bad state of intellectual property protection also hampers the engineering innovational process .
in China , intellectual property rights are not well-protected .
People can find pirated versions of software in most cities .
There are some products which directly copy designs of foreign companies .
Due to certain reasons , this situation is not expected to improve substantially in the near future .
Therefore , innovation is discouraged because of lack of protection for intellectual property in society .
To sum up , China 's low-end industrial structure and bad state of intellectual property protection are the two major problems that hamper the engineering design process in China .
the low-end production pattern makes companies focus on cutting cost , rather than making innovation , while lack of protection for innovation makes people unwilling to generate new ideas .
If China tries to promote the engineering design process for innovation , these are the two problems it should tackle .
On September 4th , 2009 , a piece of startling news quickly spread all over the world .
After several years ' effort , magnetic monopoles were detected by researchers from the Helmholtz- Zentrum Berlin fur Materialien und Energie , in cooperation with colleagues from Dresden , St. Andrews , La Plata and Oxford ( Magnetic Monopoles Detected In A Real Magnet For The First Time , 2009 ) .
Obviously , the discovery of magnetic monopole indicated a great progress in the field of physics .
People may think about what led to the success of the discovery of magnetic monopoles .
In this case , the discovery of magnetic monopoles was most likely to have been brought about by advanced technologies .
However , social determinism , which can be defined as technology being boosted by social factors , is also an important factor in the development of technologies .
To explain further , social determinism can be further categorized into several important factors , such as economic , military , and government .
Nowadays , it is common to see a person carry a laptop everywhere , which was unimaginable thirty years ago .
The appearance of the laptop was due to demands from workers in companies .
In the old days , there was no laptop , only desktop that workers had to share to do their work , causing great inconvenience .
In order to solve this problem , a person called Mizoguchi in Toshiba Company came up with the idea of inventing the laptop ( Rogers , 2003 ) .
With the help of engineers , he finally invented the laptop that we currently use , and undoubtedly , his achievement became a great success in computer marketing .
Until now , the laptop is still a necessary tool in people 's daily life .
One of the reasons for its success was that laptop greatly catered to people 's needs .
Thus , after briefly discussing the development of the laptop , we can conclude that the appearance of this marvelous invention was initially driven by the demands of the people , and then its development was supported by technologies .
For many years , people have always been trying to develop technological innovations which are environmentally friendly .
Thus , , electric cars were invented .
Instead of using gasoline , electric cars used only battery power , which no longer caused air pollution and reduced the cost as well ( Rogers , 2003 ) .
However , because electric cars could not travel far distances , and it was not convenient to get their batteries charged , electric cars finally lost out in the market , due to its limited usefulness .
Nevertheless , electric cars are still regarded as a great trial innovation which needs further technology support to make improvement .
From the examples above , we can conclude that generally , the development of technology is determined by both technological factors as well as social factors .
More precisely , the appearance of innovation is initially motivated by social determinism , and then it needs technological support in the process of development .
Last but not the least , any technology must be designed well using advanced technology skills , otherwise it will most likely lose out in the market .
This is undoubtedly true because inventions throughout history have greatly improved the quality of people 's lives , and people 's endless desires have stimulated development of new technologies .
In the 21st century , new desires , as well as new problems have emerged , such as environmental pollution , bionics , exploration of outer-space and so on .
Among all of these needs , the most urgent and necessary technologies should be the ones that deal with the effect of global warming .
Among the possible solutions to global warming , the technology that should be developed is solar cars , because it could not only effectively reduce the emission of greenhouse gases , but could also take advantage of natural resources .
It is stated that a significant part of carbon dioxide emission is due to burning of fossil fuels , such as gasoline and natural gases .
1 ) Thus , continuing to use a large number of traditional cars would destroy the environment at a shocking rate .
Moreover , solar cars take advantage of solar energy which is easily available and cheap .
In this way , people no longer have to worry about exhaust of gasoline resources .
Besides , using solar energy actually costs nothing , which ensures that solar cars could be affordable in the long run .
However , solar cars are still not popular in the market due to high cost of production and low feasibility .
it is not easy to lower the price of solar cars since currently the materials used to make solar cars are high-tech aero-materials which are quite expensive .
Therefore , in order to lower their cost of production , development of new materials is crucial .
Besides , the current capacity of solar battery is not enough to allow long-distance driving .
Though a newly developed solar battery can support hundreds of miles of driving , it requires a rather critical weather extremely sunny days .
In conclusion , replacing traditional cars by solar cars can effectively control the deterioration of global warming , but further improvements are needed to widely popularize the use of these cars .
" ( " Air pollution causes early death , " 2005 ) . Many people may not think much about air pollution because they can hardly feel the effects of it .
However , results have proven otherwise .
This is the reason why better air quality is a human need that should be given priority .
Air pollution is the main reason why the world is suffering from bad air quality thus we should look at ways to cut down air pollutant emission .
There are some current solutions available such as primary regulations , control devices and increased fuel efficiency .
Hence , we should look at other alternatives like engineering design processes that might provide a solution .
Engineering design processes such as improving battery technology for automobiles , and designing better control devices are possible solutions .
Health issues caused by air pollution not only affect the individual but also the world economy because those who are affected will not be able to work .
In order to solve the problem of air pollution , we need to improve the current battery technology and come up with better control devices .
Improving the current battery technology is one of the engineering design process that can solve air pollution .
A recent report from Toronto Public Health ( 2007 ) states that related air pollution contributes to about 440 premature deaths and 1,700 hospitalizations per year in Toronto .
However , gasoline vehicles are still more in demand as compared to non-gas emission vehicles , electric vehicles .
The reasons are ; the short lifespan of the battery its relatively more costly price .
" By improving battery technology to meet these shortcomings , the world may be willing to switch to electric cars , the more environmental-friendly choice .
Besides improving the current battery technology , designing better control devices will be another engineering solution to industrial needs .
Air pollutants from industrial sources made up to more than half of man-made emissions .
For scrubbers , there are external and system parameters that affect efficiency .
Thus , they can not maximise their capabilities .
However , coming up with scrubbers and nitrogen oxide control devices that are more costly but control efficient will definitely reduce a significant amount of pollutant emission .
In conclusion , even though there are many available solutions to air pollution , the world is still suffering from bad air quality leading to many health problems .
In the article , " The Generation of Innovations " , , Rogers ( 2003 ) stressed that the engineering design process for innovation includes " problem recognition , research , development , commercialization , diffusion and consequences ( p. ? ) " .
For my home country , China , although its design process for innovation has improved a lot , there still remain several factors which hamper significantly the innovation process .
Based on this observation , this essay will focus on two factors and explain their corresponding effects on certain design stages .
According to " Wikipedia " ( 2009 , para.1 ) , a state-owned enterprise is defined as " a legal entity created by a government to undertake commercial activities on behalf of an owner government , and are usually considered to be an element or part of the state " .
Employees of state-owned enterprises do n't have to worry financial matters and .
Due to political interference in stated-owned enterprises , state-owned enterprises and other type of enterprises do not compete against each other on an equal basis .
Firstly , the directors and managers of the state-owned enterprises exploit their position and power in the company to advance their own private interests .
Thus , the money which goes into operation is largely reduced .
Furthermore , the motivation for most employees working in state-owned enterprises is to pursue high salaries and excellent welfare .
As a consequence , most managers and employees have no sense of professional dedication and responsibility .
They are lazy and not interested in discovery .
Even if employees discover some good ideas by chance , they may not want to put some effort into doing research and converting the ideas into production .
Thus , the above two impacts will affect the design stage , the especially stage .
State-owned enterprises which play important roles in controlling and leading other types of enterprises in China will hamper China 's design process for innovation .
Apart from the loopholes in the system of state-owned enterprises , financial problems among China 's private companies also hamper the innovation process .
They have to prepare for competition and the possibilities of bankcruptcy .
One is undesirable production .
Since most high quality and accurate equipment is very expensive , some private companies can not afford it .
Poor equipment in private companies may lead to much uncertainty in the design stage .
This could further lead to undesirable production .
In addition , due to economic problems , private companies may not be able to hire people with high education and rich experience .
Loopholes in the system of state-owned enterprises and the economic problems of private companies are the two main causes .
If these two factors are improved , the whole design process for innovation in China will be enhanced significantly .
It is widely believed that there is no strong connection between technology innovation and examinations based on MCQs .
However , there still is .
.
Comparing two typical examples of innovation , penicillin and vaccine , we see some similarities as well as differences in three main areas : progress of research , financial inputs and overall impact .
With the discovery of penicillin , the technology was a huge serendipitous observation .
Upon investigation , the cause turned out to be the first antibiotic to be discovered ,
By contrast , the discovery of vaccine involved a kind of technology based on a sequence of basic research , followed by applied research , leading to the the development of the vaccine
Here , all the processes were often set up from the beginning , though sometimes mistakes were found .
Many people are strongly convinced that conventional research is often more costly than a serendipitous one .
However , in some cases the opposite is true when an unexpected observation observation in requires financial support that of a scientific one .
The reason for this seemingly-contradictory surprise is that .
For instance , the discovery of penicillin still cost as much as the discovery of vaccine .
In short , it can be concluded that kind of research , whether conventional or serendipity , does say nothing about how much financial support it requires
Of course , it would be a mistake not to mention the importance of these two kinds of research in our society .
Both vaccine and penicillin can be considered a huge success because provide better preparation for diseases .
However , their impact on the whole society is still different because
In conclusion , both the discoveries of vaccine and penicillin are regarded as meaningful improvements in the field of medicine .
However , the way these innovations were produced or generated , the amount of support for them and their overall impact were slightly different , resulting from the essence of research involved : conventional or serendipitous
In 2005 , the Hisense Company solved the problem with Core Technology which used to be a concern of the color TV industry of China .
China , the first to produce TV , can now produce 75 million color TVs with homemade chips
( Hisense Achieves Significant Breakthrough for Core Technology through Independent Innovation , 2005 ) . In order to acknowledge the Hisense Group 's significant achievement and encourage more Chinese innovation , the chairman of Hisense Company was chosen as the economic figure of the year 2005 .
However , many companies in China are still plagued by a lack of innovation and many enterprises are merely waiting for revolutionary innovation to come their way .
This paper will identify two main problems which hamper engineering design processes for innovation and explain their respective impact on certain stages of these processes .
Low technological standard is one of the significant factors which hamper engineering design processes .
This problem refers to " immature technologies , mismatch between new technology and production capacity , lack of technical personnel or brain drain " .
( Environmental Innovation in China , 2008 ) . Among all these , brain drain is the root of the problem .
In China , some of the graduate students from design schools may go overseas to seek more professional training while some of them change their profession since they do not have much opportunity to develop their talents .
For those who manage to enter the design industry and start innovative work , their exposure to advanced technology is limited
( Mootee , 2009 ) . Due to these reasons , some Chinese entrepreneurs do not pay much attention to innovation but concentrate more on copying and modifying western technology instead of investing on innovation .
This problem curbs the development of engineering design processes at the start .
Therefore , most Chinese entrepreneurs focus on short-run products and expect instant profit .
Another problem hampering engineering design processes is that proprietary intellectual property is not highly valued in China .
Inventors of decoded products fail to benefit from them .
Since their Intellectual Property Rights are not protected , people are discourage from engaging themselves in the design processes .
Recently , the Ministry of Science and Technology of the People 's Republic of China announced that Intellectual Property Rights are the key to the development of enterprises
( Cabinet Approves Intellectual Property Rights Guidelines , 2008 ) . Related regulations and laws were also issued and implemented to protect the rights of inventors .
The government believes that this will improve the engineering design processes for innovation in the near future .
To sum up , two main problems hamper engineering design processes , namely low technological standards and intellectual property rights .
In order to improve its engineering design processes and increase its people 's passion for innovation , China needs to solve these problems .
It may appear as a high-tech term but , in fact , it has been put into use in various areas : radiometric dating , food irradiation , x-ray and chemotherapy in medicine and so on .
Since nuclear weapons may result in mass destruction , policymakers of countries all over the world prohibit research of nuclear technology 's application in military aspect and a non-proliferation treaty has been in place since 1968 ( International Atomic Energy Agency , 1970 ) .
This act hinders further work on nuclear technology since it restricts the enrichment of uranium .
Thus , due to nuclear technology 's special application in military work and the complex international situation , it may be difficult for some countries to master nuclear technology resulting in what is described as proliferation resistance ( International Atomic Energy Agency , 2004 ) .
Other than this international regulation , environmental concern is also an important determining factor in shaping nuclear technological innovation .
The notorious Chernobyl accident which caused 30 immediate deaths and affected an area within a 30-kilometer radius also reminds us of nuclear technology 's potential for causing disasters ( World nuclear association , 2009 ) .
Hence , environmental factors also contribute to the difficulties in nuclear technology 's popularization . Many rules regarding safety matters in nuclear technology application have been ratified after the Chernobyl accident .
Since uranium reserves are difficult to find through present technologies , the cost of applying uranium technology as energy source is relatively high compared with gasoline and natural gas ( Du & Parsons , 2009 ) .
Besides , it also costs a large amount of money to dispense with spent fuel and radioactive waste .
According to a report on energy solutions , designing , building of a nuclear plant and " cleaning up the plant after its operating license expires " will cost as much as 2.5 to 3 billion US dollars ( Maryland pirg , n.d. , para 3 ) .
Nuclear technology 's military uses make international cooperation in this technology extremely difficult ; the radioactive character of this technology causes a lot of environmental issues and its cost in some applications is still high .
However , with increasing industrial demands , oil reserves are at critical levels , thus it is highly likely that we will have to resort to nuclear technology solutions in the near future .
In an era where the scale of our industrial system is growing larger and larger , the consumption of resources becomes an incredible burden on the environment and people start to suffer the consequences . For the destruction and pollution we have done to the environment , a series of social issues concerning engineering and environment have been raised .
Among them is the paradox between the decreasing natural resource deposits and people 's increasing energy consumption .
according to Khandani ( 2005 ) , engineering design of products and systems may provide us a way to solve the problem .
In this essay , how engineering design processes can cope with the energy crisis will be discussed in terms of gathering pertinent information and analysis and selecting an optimized solution .
Gathering pertinent information is a crucial stage in engineering design processes ; however , it is neglected quite often .
As stated by Khandani ( 2005 ) , collecting enough information before finding solutions will reward us with great benefits .
Because designing a new industrial system or product which works more efficiently with less energy consumption is a complicated process , sufficient analysis of information is rhus needed .
Only by doing this can we be clear what the status quo of energy consumption is and whether a proposal is applicable .
Suppose an engineering designing group is working on a project that should come out with a new energy-saving system in the architecture .
Besides gathering information , making a wise selection among all the options is yet another must-do in engineering design processes .
When going through this process , various factors will be considered such as function , ergonomics , liability and so on ( Khandani , 2005 ) .
Therefore , the selected proposal can hopefully be expected to be environmentally friendly , less energy consuming and safe for use at the same time .
In a sentence , when dealing with energy crisis , doing analysis and selecting the best solution are of great importance .
In conclusion , in order to deal with the energy crisis and work out a solution that is applicable , we need to do well in every step in engineering design processes .
Starting design without adequate information is risking the whole project and choosing a solution carelessly is rather a waste of all the efforts may have put into the project .
Therefore , only a carefully and wisely done engineering design can meet the needs of reducing energy consumption while being environmentally friendly at the same time .
Simply by scanning the item you buy , the cashier can tell its price .
This shows the power of bar codes .
Using bar codes , those black lines with numbers , is a " method of automatic identification and data collection " ( Bellis , n.d. , para 1 ) .
Through decades of development , the bar code has been shaped by social factors to some extent .
The users , especially retailers and product manufacturers , play important roles in improving the bar code .
First and foremost , the bar code emerged and developed as the times required .
The urgent demand of retailers to increase efficiency and accuracy in operation predicted its emergence .
According to Seideman ( n.d. ) , as early as 1890 people realised their need and invented punch cards which played like the bar code .
However , the first application area of the bar code was not the supermarket or grocery but railroads .
Unfortunately , the implementation of the bar code in the railroad industry failed because it did not fit the industry perfectly and its functions were not completely utilized .
On the other hand , retailers then were just in need of a system like the bar code .
In 1966 , a grocery industry meeting regarding implementation of the bar code was held by RCA ( Seideman , n.d. ) .
Today , the demands of users are still shaping the bar code , expanding it to more application fields like libraries and the postal industry .
Another factor that affects the bar code 's development is economic concerns .
As the bar code is designed to store information of products , all products have to be labelled .
Besides , users have to buy devices that read bar codes as well .
So economic cost became a big concern .
Due to this reason , the bar code was not broadly implemented as soon as it was invented .
These concerns pushed the technology forward , thus eventually came the bar code we use nowadays .
Having settled the economic concerns of users , the bar code won users ' hearts quickly .
Since its first read in 1974 , the bar code has been adopted for 35 years ( Shih , 2009 ) .
The economic factors have been shaping the bar code and making it survive even in the midst of the great competitor RFID ( Shih , 2009 ) .
In addition to demands and economic concerns , the wide range of users helps to improve the bar code .
It promotes the bar code to be developed into an internationally recognized and commonly readable system .
It is clear that globalization is inevitable which means the bar code has to adjust itself to meet it .
Apparently , a standard system is needed ; otherwise it will be difficult to trade .
The bar code has been standardised since 1970s and it is being improved accordingly ( Seideman , n.d. ) .
Besides globalization , the various kinds of users shape it to be an easily used technology .
To sum up , the bar code is an important technology .
Because of users ' demands , financial capability of users and wide range of users , it has been shaped to an innovation which is globally recognized and essential to the world .
The shortage of natural resources means that all raw materials required for engineering design process for innovations would have to come from imports .
This by itself poses problems such as greater costs incurred for innovations , shipment fees , as well as a delay the design process .
The higher cost makes it expensive for engineering designing processes . Hence groups that do not have funding or sufficient funding will be held back .
This is because the designing process usually involves a lot of trial and error , using various materials for different parts of the innovation , in order to optimize the best working conditions for the item of innovation .
Professor Seah ( 2009 ) mentioned that for Formula Society of Automotive Engineers ( FSAE ) their first formula race car took 2 years instead of 1 to be produced , partly because of a lack of raw materials and funding .
The long shipping time and greater cost due to importing of raw materials delayed the engineering design process as they only had a plan of the race car but no chance to physically fabricate the parts and build the car , while the raw materials were still on their way to Singapore Another problem which could greatly affect the engineering process for designing is a lack of funding .
The designing process requires a large amount of raw materials for repeated fabrications of each part with different materials in order to obtain the most suitable material to optimize the function of the product of innovation .
Even for the same kind of material , it might have to be used several times as the part fabricated is not necessarily always in the expected condition when it is first made , resulting in a wastage and hence greater consumption of raw materials and therefore a greater cost incurred in the designing process .
Without funding , this step of designing would be impossible especially if the raw materials are required in large quantities .
Water supply has always been a key issue for consideration by the Singapore government .
This dependence on neighboring countries for water creates a need for Singapore to become more self-reliant
Hence when the idea of water desalination first came out , it was greatly funded by Singapore government for further improvements in Singapore .
Water-technology.net claims that Tuas desalination water at 110000 cubic meters , enough to meet 10 % of Singapore 's daily water needs ( 110,000m3/day , n.d. ) .
The UK Technology Education Centre states that " Social determinism refers to the hypothesis that social interactions and constructs alone determine individual behaviour ( as opposed to biological or objective factors .
" Social determinisms affect demand for products and thus the revenue and profit .
affected by social determinists .
Its success is determined mainly by three factors : perception of the product , economic factors and social factors .
The most important factor that has contributed to Toshiba 's success is changes in company 's perceptions towards the product .
After the first laptop was produced , corporate executives were still against the idea of selling it .
Even though the project took an extra two months , it helped to increase the market share of Toshiba .
This example shows that change in perception leads to different outcomes
If there had been no changes in views of investors , Toshiba laptops would not have existed in the current market .
Besides the company 's perceptions , economic also play an important role .
At that time , the offices were cramped and there was no space available for workers to place their desktops .
This convenience efficiency of workers as they now able to work from anywhere in their offices besides their desk area .
" More technology savvy people for and thus the company constantly innovated and improved in order to bring the invention to greater heights .
The Toshiba laptop was successful because of economic economic and social factors and the change in the company 's perceptions of the product .
Most of these discoveries were made due to normal research .
But there still existed a lot of discoveries that were made as a serendipitous result of normal research which always had some interesting stories behind them .
Although these two types of discoveries could both influence society , there are two interesting differences between them in the process .
.
All the processes in the research are to serve the purpose .
In contrast , there is always no specific need for the serendipitous discovery and the research which makes the discovery is usually for other purposes , and the serendipitous discovery is usually due to unexpected result of a normal research .
3M Company wanted to find a kind of super glue but unexpectedly found this kind of glue that was not strong but could be used several times .
this unexpected result led to the successful production of a new kind of notes which is now the well known Post-it .
For normal discovery , this is not a big problem because the discovery is to serve a specific purpose .
But for serendipitous discovery , as the discovery is , will know the potential use of it after the discovery is made .
There is even the possibility that nobody will notice it .
So it is much harder to put it to use .
But fortunately , we had very smart and careful people who were able to find them and find a way to use them .
But he only invented a kind of material which had brighter luster than other materials but was not strong enough .
But later he thought why not make this beautiful material into a set ?
Although there are differences between the two types of discoveries , there also some similarities between them .
For example , both were discovered in research , they to be developed to a certain degree before commercialization , and finally they to be turned into products and so on .
( Rogers , 2003 ) In conclusion , there are two main differences between normal discovery and serendipitous is the purpose and process of the research and the other one is the process to turn the discoveries into use .
Anyway both of them have made a great contribution to the human society and I there will be more discoveries being made , no matter which type they are .
Living in a small country like Singapore has various limitations is more challenging for her to compete with larger nations .
A majority of these limitations would increase the cost of the innovation and hence require careful design .
One of these problems includes the city-state 's lack of land space which would affect the structural design of the innovation particularly if it was on a large scale .
This issue particularly affects innovations that are on a larger scale , as large costs will be incurred in the construction of their foundations .
This increase in cost will hence affect the market value and affect the economic analysis stage of the design process .
Take for example the housing in Singapore , which comprises mainly Housing Development Board [ HDB ] flats .
In view of the collapse of Nicoll highway back in April 2004 , HDB has put up very strict requirements for the piling process and the materials used , like grade 30 concrete should be used in piling .
Similarly , the steel structure that forms the backbone of the buildings require a minimum of 3mm steel gauge .
Contrary to its limited land area as discussed earlier , it houses more than 4 million people .
innovations thus have to consider its design rather seriously given the circumstances .
All these will seriously affect the functionality analysis stage of the design process , as more time and consideration will have to be channeled into this stage .
One example of a properly located and well-designed amenity would be the Mass Rail Transit [ MRT ] stations .
Some stations are connected to shopping malls while others to bus interchanges , thereby making transport in Singapore relatively convenient .
In addition , some of these stations like City Hall and Dhoby Ghaut station , not only play the role of an important hub in Singapore 's transport system , but also an internal shopping center within itself .
City- link , which is connected to city hall station , is an underground network of shops that is linked to other larger shopping facilities .
Such an example shows how proper planning of the amenities to the success of the application .
Compare and contrast about guncotton and explosives
Considering new explosives , in order to find new explosives ,Nobel spent nearly all his time doing experiments in his library .
However , some technology was invented from a serendipitous discovery .
Guncotton was invented by Schoenbein by chance .
The difference between these two inventions is the ideas about how to invent them emerged in different ways .
Nobel a very hardworking and brave man .
He used nearly all his time to work for new explosive and his younger brother died in a failed experiment .At the same time his brother 's death had an unbalancing effect on his father .
His father died right after his younger brother ( Nils .
The story about how Schoenbein invented guncotton is quite an interesting story .
According to Yang ( 2007 ) , " when Schoenbein was doing experiments , he overthrew a bottle of chemical solution , and the solution flowed on the table . Schoenbein found nothing but his wife 's apron to clean the table .
After he had finished cleaning he thought that his wife will blame him after she saw what he had done .
When he walked near the stove the apron burned without any smoke and left ashes .
" Nobel could invent the explosive successfully because of his diligence and the attitude towards science
Schoenbein came up with his idea accidentally and finally made a great invention for the word .
First of all they are both invented by prudent chemists .
If Noble was not a prudent person and did not do his experiments and observe the phenomenon though he is hardworking he may never have invented the new explosive successfully .
But without the prudential attitude towards science he may have missed his good luck and did not go on finding how can this phenomenon occur .
Secondly these two technologies both made great contributions to the industry and military affairs .
As both of them are explosives people use them to exploit mines , tear down great buildings and provide a high temperature for many chemical experiments .
Engineers use them to make all kinds of weapons .
Technology , whether it was developed via research or resulted from a serendipitous experiment scientist 's greatest contribution to the world
However , the unprecedentedly rapid economic growth , driven by manufacturing and export industry , probably prevents people from discovering the problems that may impede engineering design process for innovation .
Two of these problems involve the special political environment and the Chinese people 's mindset , which already have negative influence on several stages of engineering design process for innovation in China .
First of all , the special political environment many account for the stalling of some stages of the whole process , such as the stage of recognizing a need or problem and the stage of innovation-development .
As unveiled in the research report , it somehow took longer for the health facilities to obtain approval from the State Health Agency than to actually build or extend the needed facilities .
In truth , the hospital would not be allowed to renovate unless it discarded ten beds
As Michael Keane ( 2007 ) has noted , the common assumption existing long among the Chinese was that productivity directly equals material production .
In the current stage , political environment and people 's mindset are two of the problems that may hamper engineering design process for innovation .
While can be classified as a kind of special glue , the history of post-it notes and super glue seems rather different .
post-it notes resulted from a serendipitous discovery , while the super glue was developed gradually via standard research process .
However , it turned out later that the serendipitous discovery actually had no real target in this stage , because the real use of post-it note seems totally different from what was expected at the beginning .
The next stage of research was to use the scientific method to fulfill the previous target .
So we can see that the super glue 's inventor successfully found what he needed while the post-it notes ' inventor created a strange glue that is low adhesive but re-adherable .
In this stage , the difference between the two kinds of discoveries turned to be that the serendipitous discovery 's inventor could not meet his initial needs like the normal inventor but accidently create a totally different product instead .
from the third stage onward , the post-it notes and the super glue finally shared the similarity .
One was low adhesive but re-adherable so it was used to make notes that can be attached to documents and other surfaces freely .
The other one was high adhesive and functioned quickly so it could be used to glue many materials quickly with great strength .
The inventors both found their usages and successfully made them more practical
So it is not surprising that the two products both become very popular among the consumers as soon as they come out .
Technological determinism means the belief that a technology causes changes in society ( Rogers , 2003 ) , while social determinism argues that technology is constructed by social factors .
One important technology which was shaped by a specific group of users is electric vehicles , which have been shaped by four different factors namely technical , economic , social , and political
Technical factor is one of the four elements that have determined the development of the electric vehicle .
Compared to the structure of a conventional automobile , the electric vehicle has a similar structure but different components .
The electric vehicle has a lighter weight as most of its parts are made of aluminium .
In addition , the electric vehicle is safe to drive as it is uses solely electricity , while most conventional vehicles require gasoline , which is inflammable .
On the other hand , the electric vehicle utilizes electrical energy from batteries , so the engine is relatively clean , emission-free and quiet .
However , there are fewer charging stations and the electric vehicle requires a long recharge time .
Economically , technology for electric vehicles have not widely met the need because less promotion was held and there was a mass production of gasoline type automobiles .
Furthermore , electric vehicles were not advertised in a precise manner .
Besides , declining cost in oil in the past encouraged people to buy gasoline cars .
At that point , there was a mass production of gasoline cars .
In the end , gasoline vehicles controlled the monopoly on automobiles in the market .
Compared to conventional vehicles that are available now , electric vehicles are socially determined by several reasons : limited range of electric vehicles , beliefs and values of the society today .
Despite several advantages , their interest in electric cars is fading .
They also feel that these cars are less attractive compared to conventional cars
In addition , political factors can affect how the sales of vehicles go , which include the government 's adherence to this technology .
People lose interest as the government is not supportive .
The government not only provides subsidies and incentives to users , who use gasoline cars , but also constructs and designs roads for conventional vehicles .
All in all , we can easily see from these examples that , many factors that specified by other group of users have led electric vehicles to a decline .
Nowadays , with the ever-accelerating technology , many inventions have come into being , and many new words have come with them as well .
It is the most widely used rat poison in the world !
Link then did research and found coumarin inside the sweet clover hay , which resulted in punctured cattle 's stomachs and internal bleeding .
This chemical enlightened Professor Link on applying them to killing rats .
Thus , the famous warfarin came into use !
It is a typical serendipity example , which in fact shares some common points with conventional research .
The first similarity is that at the first step , they both require scientists to make every effort to get the expected results .
The second similarity that I consider is luck .
Take Nobel 's invention of dynamite for example .
Without luck , he may have died during the explosion of the dynamite and would not shout that excitedly " I make it !
" Thus , luck is required in every successful experiment , let alone serendipity , which requires more luck to achieve another result to just meet a certain kind of people 's need coincidentally .
Although there are similarities , they differ from each other in several respects .
Do you know something about the invention of the microwave oven ?
At first , Spencer cooperated with the British to study microwaves in military use .
By accident , he found that the chocolate bars in his pocket melted when exposed to microwaves .
This phenomenon caused him to use an egg for experiment .
Then the microwave oven came into being !
To conclude , both serendipity and conventional research require luck and they are similar in their own first step , but the difference is that a serendipity finding is not on purpose and it sometimes results from an additional discovery through a research .
However , both of them are needed to make the scientific world a more magical and wonderful world !
Recent data indicate that well-known Xiaonei.com is the largest social networking site in China , open to the public , mainly university students .
free , Xiaonei.com stands out with 63.4 % share of the social networking site market ( Wang , 2008 ) .
In my humble opinion , its success is due to both social and economic factors .
On the social part , Xiaonei.com builds its success on the true networking environment it provides -- well-rounded functions and convenience in looking for friends and classmates .
As mentioned before , undergraduates are predominant among its of users .
Undergraduate students may probably feel secure and thus free to share diaries , pictures and updates with friends , which may not be the case in other sites in the virtual Internet world .
Furthermore , Xiaonei.com incorporates all kinds of functions such as the instant communication of MSN , online games and other applications like daily forecast of fortunes .
Instead , when you log in to Xiaonei.com , almost all the expected functions are available
Last but not least , users save time in looking for their friends and can simply get things done in a second as long as the information on the school and class is obtained .
In fact , many have been Xiaonei.com 's partners , believing that their advertisements can boost their reputation and influence .
The popularity and market size not only benefit Xiaonei.com on advertisements , but also earn Xiaonei.com a large amount of investment which in turn brings Xiaonei.com further .
On the strong basis of capital and reputation Xiaonei.com is reaching out to students beyond mainland China and the world .
To add on , network effect , an Economics jargon meaning that people are inclined to stay in the network unless their followers leave , also does help Xiaonei.com secure its market share .
In .
All in all , market share , obtained from the social factors , does and will secure the achievement of Xiaonei.com by profit from advertisements and advanced service and most importantly , investment .
The true identity of users of Xiaonei.com is indefinitely the outstanding social factor , which matches university students ' expectation to share their true lives in a secure way .
This was first developed by Frank Whittle in 1937 and installed in military aircrafts during World War II .
Military priority during World War II was an important factor in propelling the design and use of the engine .
Finally just a few months before the invasion of Poland by Germany and in the wake of possible threats , the Air ministry finally took Frank 's work seriously and promised funding for Frank 's research ( Younossi et al.,2003 ) .
As we can see , if there was no threat of war , the British Government may not have provided any funding at all .
The jet engine might not have been invented at all as people then did not see the need for planes to travel so fast .
The social setting of the invention also plays an interesting role in shaping the history of the jet engine .
Two feasible engines had meet up with different fates due to the different social settings .
After the war , peace returned and economies prospered due to reconstruction efforts .
As we can see , a change in society 's trend can completely revolutionize the usage of a technology .
Since the reform and open policy was established in 1978 , China has enjoyed a booming development in economy and technology .
A large amount of foreign capital as well as advanced foreign technologies have been introduced to China .
As a result , a lot of factories are built to provide the whole world with cheap and quality products .
Many Chinese enterprises do not have their own technology and the technological innovation is mainly dependent on the introduced foreign technology .
What exactly hampers the engineering design innovations in China ?
University professors are also exposed to plagiarism .
A notable number of Chinese factories make pirated products by copying foreign products .
For example , Meizu , a Chinese electrical manufactory famous for its pseudo " Apple inspired design " music players recently came up with a new product M8 .
They tend to copy other engineers ' work and become less creative , which in turn , significantly hampers the engineering design innovation of the whole nation .
However , the game company lacks capital for research and development since most players are using cracked versions of Xianjian .
By reducing the plagiarism rate of Chinese institutes and gradually changing the conservative consumption concept of Chinese people , China can really make a big difference .
Food shortage is much more serious now than it used to be .
According to an article published on the Internet , the impact of food crisis is historically spreading from the developing world to the developed world ( Kate Smith and Rob Edwards , 2009 ) .
Appropriate facilities , efficient technological support and proper use of food are required to increase the food production in order to solve the food shortage problem .
First and foremost , the government should improve the facilities in the current agricultural system to satisfy the fundamental needs .
To be more accurate , in the developing countries , the government should make a good plan to build irrigation canals and banks based on the analysis of local climate and geography .
The government should provide stable surroundings for farmers to plant food .
Protecting plants from droughts and floods is necessary to have a good harvest .
Besides the infrastructure construction , another advisable method to increase production is to mechanize the agricultural system .
Armed with machinery , farmers can make the most of limited farmland and time .
In addition to the improvement of facilities in the current agricultural system , high-tech support also plays a crucial role in increasing food production .
It is effortless to come up with the idea that we can use biological engineering to change certain properties of plants .
The government should also make some regulations to urge experts to teach farmers how to farm scientifically .
Then a better harvest is obtained .
Having made a good plan to help farmers to produce more food , the government must use the food properly .
It is an inhumane action to turn food into ethanol to feed cars instead of helping those starving people .
The government should not abuse food .
Apart from infrastructure , high-tech can also do a big favor in this issue .
The standard of living has become higher and higher .
" Without money , engineers can not continue and improve their ideas .
In fact , most of that research only existed on paper and in laboratories .
According to Do ( 2008 ) , around 28,000 square kilometers of the country 's land has an average wind speed of over seven meters per second ( para .
The shortage of skilled workers has appeared for a long time , but recently , in speeding up production process , this condition becomes urgent .
In Binh Duong , a province of Vietnam , the real situation is " roughly 50,000 laborers were needed to fill positions each year " ( " Firms grapple with shortage " , 2009 ) .
However , in many training schools , there is still lack of facilities and equipment , which can not help workers improve their practical skill .
Therefore , from now on , the Vietnamese government should find a solution to link factories and companies with schools in training workers .
With the investment from them , the school has abilities to modernize facilities so that the training condition will be better .
The shortage of investment and skilled workers is a problem needing rapid and lasting solutions .
Overcoming this challenge , Vietnam will gain more power to catch up with the developed world .
Engineering design processes for innovations are very important to the industry in China .
.
Compared with traditional metal conduits , plastic conduits have the advantages of having a lighter weight , stronger ability to bear corrosion and smaller resistance .
In addition , plastic conduits save sources , cost less and are easily fixed .
As a result , plastic conduits are very popular with engineers .
However , nowadays , there are some problems which hamper the engineering design processes for innovations in China .
Although , there are still some problems .
Second , the quality of the materials is not consistent .
This is mainly due to the fact that our production system is not advanced .
This problem is because of our short comings in technology .
The last , the price of the raw materials fluctuates greatly .
The price of the ordinary materials is suitable and almost the same as that in other countries .
However , the special raw materials are very expensive , especially some accessories and .
However , the criteria about these techniques are still .
These problems lead to a result that although there are good products , plastic conduit can not serve its special functions because the workers do not have the necessary knowledge and still follow the outdated methods .
As a result , the of the plastic conduit hampers the process of engineering design .
However , just like plastic conduit , there are many engineering designs which have not developed into perfect innovations in China because of the problems that exist now .
In the broad sweep of scientific history , scientists have made a lot of discoveries via research .
At the same time , a lot of serendipitous discoveries were made .
" Although Louis Pasteur once said that " chance favors only the prepared mind " , it was fortune that has done the most work to make Fleming the person who found penicillin .
Maybe it was just because Fleming discovered penicillin by chance , he did not experience any failure during the discovering process , while the discovery of the DNA 's structure did not seem to be that easy and the process did not seem to be smooth , either .
Everything seemed to progress normally .
The discovering processes of penicillin and the structure of DNA were totally different , but the scientists have made significant contribution to human beings by making both discoveries .
Over the years , man has come up with many marvelous ideas and technologies which have helped to simplify our lives by a huge leap .
More often than not , they are chanced upon when the researchers are researching on something else instead .
Let us take a closer look at two examples , the electric car as technology that was developed via research and warfarin which was a result of a serendipitous discovery , and find out what are some of their similarities and differences in terms of their popularity , usefulness , production cost , and usage .
And though they were given thrity minutes after the test-drive to ask questions , they found that it was not enough to ask all the questions that they had in mind .
They even asked for more cards when they finished giving out what they had .
warfarin is useful as rats cause a lot of problems especially to farmers , and warfarin is very effective against them .
The electric car is a large scale project where a large amount of money is pumped into doing research in order to improve the car .
Besides that , each individual part that makes up the car is also expensive .
Right from the first Industrial Revolution , human 's daily life has been enriched by an exploding number of inventions .
Currently human beings require more variety and a greater number of inventions .
Both of the two methods require demanding jobs and their researchers must overcome the impacts of unpredictable market during the process .
One similarity the two technologies share is that the process is tedious .
Because of market demands , researchers have to work overloaded so as to come up with the technology faster .
Besides , researchers have to repeat the same experiment hundreds of times until they succeed .
After concluding previous experiments , Edison tried about 1600 different materials as filament while noting down each of their performances .
And finally all the efforts resulted in success when the first light in the world appeared in 1879 .
In other words , whether the technology derives from a convention or it is definitely a new innovation , they have to be prepared for the worst outcome .
Therefore , the two types of technologies are alike since demanding jobs are required and researchers must be ready for any consequence given the unpredictable market .
conventionally generated technology is always upgraded from a previous technology ; in contrast , innovation is to come up with a total new technology which has fewer references .
Moreover , conventionally generated technology and innovation receive different responses from other people .
As conventionally generated technology .
In addition , the previous technology it is based on may have already gained acceptance , hence the majority of people will support the R&D process and the process is always under observation .
The researchers of the innovation may receive poor feedback in the prior market research , or someone may even regard the researchers as idiots .
Take the birth of the first Toshiba laptop as an example . Initially the idea of the laptop could not be accepted by the organizational hierarchy of Toshiba .
However , the engineer Mizoguchi persisted to research the laptop in a skunkworks environment , and finally he got the triumph and nowadays the laptop is becoming essential in our daily life .
As a most important aspect to contribute to the development of science and technology of the nation as well as improve the living standard of the people , engineering design for innovations plays a significant role in the current Chinese society .
It does have some advantages ; however , it has more side effects on people 's innovation and creation .
Students are required to remember whatever books say and teachers teach without thinking about whether it is true or not .
They pursue further study for the purpose of getting a better job rather than doing research .
This phenomenon is partially a result of the social prejudice that the society respects those with power more than intelligence .
Using publication as the major measurement of one 's achievement in academic circles , causes the situation to be even worse .
In order to publish more papers in some magazines , some engineers even use money to buy the opportunities for publishing their articles .
Improving the education system and developing the right academic atmosphere are essential and urgent .
Only by removing the obstacles can engineers develop science and technology and design new things of innovations .
Because the project usually costs a lot of money , one should have a backup , such as a company , to give financial support .
In conventional way , one needs an approval from the corporate executives due to the company bureaucracy in order to do the project .
A conventionally generated technology and an innovation that was created in a skunkworks environment differ in organizational structure and time consumption , but are similar in the doers and the purpose .
People who do the project in a conventional way need an approval from the corporate executives before they start the project .
In some cases , although the idea of the project was brilliant , the executives rejected the proposal due to the financial situation of the company .
In contrast , a project which is done in a skunkworks environment does not go through the company 's bureaucracy .
As a result of the difference in organizational structure , a conventionally generated technology and an innovation that is created in a skunkworks environment also differ in time consumption .
Despite these differences , a conventionally generated technology and an innovation that is created in a skunkworks environment have two similarities .
For instance , Ron Avitzur and Greg Robbins needed professional quality assurance people to test the project and professional software writing people to write the software in the graphing calculator project ( Avitzur , 2004 ) .
For instance , the hand phone is made in order to communicate with another person in a different place in an easier way .
A conventionally generated technology and an innovation that was created in a skunkworks environment are different yet alike .
Though they are different in organizational structure and time consumption , both still have similarities in the doers and the purpose .
Since a company still has to consider a number of factors when making a decision , bureaucracy in the company will not be gone .
However , by looking at the efficiency of the skunkworks , it is possible for a company to reduce the bureaucracy in order to come up with more innovations .
As we all know , the resources mentioned above is non-renewable , and they are also limited .
Hence , a new problem surfaces .
What if humans use up the resources in the world ?
What can humans live on ?
Therefore , we need to create machines which consume less energy .
The pace of industrialization has become faster and faster , so numerous energy sources are needed .
And the crisis of shortage of energies has become evident to some extent .
" From this report , we can see the significance of solving this crisis .
Engineers can design new kinds of machines and find new material which can be used to manufacture instruments so that less energy is consumed .
Today , the well known bio-fuels ( the biological ones ) are ethanol and biodiesel .
( Emilian M. Dobrescu and Ciolacu C. B.C. ,2009 ) Since the fuel is generated from plants , it means this new energy is renewable .
So engineers should do more research on new energy and take more fearless experiments to see if there are some plants that can be used to produce energy .
Humans are facing a very serious problem , the crisis of shortage of energy .
So what engineers should do is to invent new machines which can consume less energy and find new types of resources to replace the old non renewable ones .
The crisis will almost be solved if we take these two solutions .
Furthermore , Engineers should take responsibility to make contribution to the solution , to produce products which can make human life better .
In recent years , Singapore has placed more and more emphasis on research and development , establishing her status as home to innovations .
Annually , millions in funds are being pumped into the R&D sector to encourage innovations to offer solutions to the pressing challenges Singapore faces .
One problem faced by engineering design in Singapore is the various restrictions due to the socio-political system of the country .
Singapore is renowned for her strict implementation of rules , and at times it may be seen as too inflexible .
In recent years , the core objectives of the country 's research and development projects have been directed in the area of clean energy and water technology .
As a result , the innovation process is interrupted at the stage of research and development with the absence of support and attention .
This can be attributed to the inflexibility of the system causing rejection of innovations that are less relevant to the corporate or country 's interest .
High cost may be incurred for certain research when scarce or imported resources are involved .
Foreign experts may also be engaged to facilitate research .
Aside from the lack of resources for the research and development stage , difficulties may be faced in finding a suitable target group for the innovation result within the country .
The low population of the country disables experimentation on a large scale which may eventually cause inaccuracy in the result .
Indeed just earlier this year , a team of National University of Singapore researchers found themselves facing this problem .
However , a problem was faced when they attempted to test out the chair .
They could not get access to enough deaf children locally for the test and thus had to travel to Sri Lanka for the test .
In the engineering of the eco-car , it is also evident that the lack of resources poses a great deal of challenges to the team of NUS students , having to import the materials outside of Singapore .
Hence the process of engineering design is hampered by the lack of resource not only at stages of research and development , but also in the implementation of the innovation .
In conclusion , despite Singapore 's efforts in establishing herself as the Home for Innovations , engineers are constrained by several restrictions such as lack of resources and the inflexibility of the social system .
In fact , great success has been achieved in some areas where it faces fewer restrictions .
In the 21st century , everything develops at a very fast pace .
The needs of human beings have increased .
In order to meet people 's needs , engineers or scientists have started to conduct research research and design new things for the them .
They keep on trying and repeating repeating experiments experiments , and eventually succeed to generate new technology new technology .
The serendipitous discovery of new ideas misplaced link word , sometimes comes out during the trials .
Regardless of the fact that the technology has resulted from a long period of research or a serendipitous discovery , this technology must have been must have been made by a group or an individual who has already acquired certain knowledge .
Unclear pronoun reference are believed to have undergone many research and discussions .
According to Rogers ( 2003 ) , six main stages are involved in the involved in the research process , They are...ecognizing a problem , research , development , commercialization , diffusion and adoption and consequences .
This is not an easy process and it requires time and effort to deal with it .
Moreover , although the serendipitous idea may not result in desirable outcome , it benefits the world .
This antibiotic was the first drug that is effective against the syphilis and staphylococcus infections .
It successfully has successfully saved the people people who suffered from the diseases and given them happiness to have the chance to live again .
Similarly , the discovery of the laptop has benefited the individual , the society and the world .
It has saved the people whose surrounding space is small and compact , has brought a lot of convenience to society .
Nowadays laptops have combined many functions such as camera , microphone , wi-fi receiver and so on .
We do n't need to buy the devices and this will actually save a lot of space .
Every time Every time we we want to discuss assignments with friends , we ca n't bring along the conventional desktop desktop. .
With the invention of portable personal computer , we can now bring it along to wherever we like !
In spite of the benefits that both serendipitous discovery and research discovery have given us . , there actually exist differences between the two technologies .
The laptop is a product that resulted somebody generated the idea and planned the procedures to make it .
Therefore , it is a safe design for us to use .
However , we actually incur a higher risk of the side-effect when consuming the penicillin .
We only know that the penicillin can cure syphilis , but we will never know what diseases might be caused by consuming penicillin as there exist a lot of uncertainties .
In brief , the two products , the laptop and penicillin , are either generated through a long period of research or a serendipitous and they have both been made to meet the people 's requirements .
Although they may not be the best outcome to fulfil people 's needs people 's needs , they still lead the world in technological inventions technological innovation .
Topic : How an electronic dictionary is shaped by students ' needs and the specific factors that have shaped its innovation .
I have witnessed the development of the electronic dictronary .
From the huge one with the simplest function to today 's lovely and multi-functional one , electronic dictionaries have been refined again and again .
The development of electronic dictronary is shaped by the needs of students , who are the majority of their customers .
In the latter paragraphs , I will talk about how students ' needs determine the development of electronic dictronary .
The most obvious change is that the functions of electronic dictronary have greatly improved due to the change in students ' demand .
At the very beginning , the electronic dictionary could do nothing but look up words .
In comparision , nowadays electronic dictionaries are much more multi-functional .
For example , they can not only look up words in Chinese and English as the old ones did , but also many other languages languages like like Japanese and French as well .
And what they need to do is simply download programms and install them in the electronic dictronary .
Moreover , as students are not content with a boring study tool , an electronic today can act as good company during leisure time because it possesses the functions of an MP3/ MP4 player and even a PSP !
Another significant improvement is the appearance of the electronic dictronary .
Instead of the hand-hand-sized one , it is only the size of a lemon now and and much lighter much lighter .
As a direct result , it is convenient to carry and wins students ' favour .
As English is a complusary course to learn in China , the electronic dictronary has almost become a necessity to students .
Thus it is not simply a tool , but a personal belonging to represent their appetite to modernise modernise .
Last but not least , the price of electronic dictionaries is also influenced by students .
As students do not have jobs , they have to ask their parents for money .
In addition , the limitations of electronic dictionaries , such as the lack of access access to the the Internet , also determine that the price of electronic dictronary which can not be too high .
In conclusion , the electronic dictronary plays an important role in students ' study , and students in turn shape and decide the development of electronic dictronary in many aspects like price , appearance and function .
It can be seen that as technology develops , the electronic dictronary will be more and more helpful to students .
However , there are also occasional chances that R&D workers fortuitously discover an invention when they are actually pursuing something else .
However , there are still differences between a technology developed developed via research via research such as the electric car and one serendipitously discovered like penicillin .
This development received great responses from people throughout the US as it signifies one big step towards solving existing environmental problems such as such as global warming global warming .
The conventional innovation process requires requires engineers engineers to first identify a human need before the research officially begins .
Take the development of electric cars as an example , engineers recognized the increasing emphasis on eco friendliness , and therefore developed the vehicle without a fuel-powered engine to ease global warming .
On the other hand , a serendipitously discovered product is not the preset goal that that researchers researchers want to achieve .
Technological innovations have shaped modern lifestyle modern lifestyle .
We use electricity , watch television , surf surf billions of websites billions of websites every day .
However , it is clear that these inventions have not been not produced overnight and human beings have put in a lot of time and effort to develop and generate them .
One of the main differences between a conventionally generated technology and skunkwork product is the speed of generating the product .
According to Rogers ( 2003 ) , skunkwork refers to a small group of highly selected people designated to do research for an innovation without carrying out tedious organization procedures .
While conventional research requires the researchers to do large amount of reports , discussions and management procedures , skunkwork provides a pathway to develop an invention quickly without being constrained by bureaucratic processes .
Therefore , innovations that are created in a skunkwork environment are usually created faster than those inventions created by conventional research .
In contrast , a conventionally generated technology may not move that fast .
Therefore , conventionally generated technology usually moves slower than that of skunkwork production .
Conventional research must undergo step-by-step management to maintain the continuity and stability of a company .
A good illustration was the failure of Xerox PARC in bringing their outstanding technologies into the marketplace
In contrast , skunkwork provides an alternative which is beneficial to technological inventions as well as organizational procedure .
The specified team is given resources and freedom to develop and make changes as they see any problem in the invention .
Generally , both ways serve to provide better life to to society society and gives profit to the company .
For instance , a conventionally generated invention , electric refrigerator was produced to meet the needs of humans .
On the other hand , skunkwork innovation , such as the production of Toshiba laptop enables users to bring the laptop with them wherever they go
This invention also brings a lot of profit to the company .
To sum up , conventionally generated technology and skunkwork invention bear some differences and share some common points .
Although they differ in the procedure throughout the development of a technology , the 2 ways are heading towards a common goalto produce a better environment for human beings .
Engineering design process is a suitable method that allows engineers to analyze the problems and develop solutions for it .
The following is an example of using engineering design process as an approach to solve problems .
The topic that is catching the most attention nowadays would be global warminglobal warming or climatic change .
There are many different views and stands about global warming , discussions are still carrying on between the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ( IPCC ) and delegates from oil and gas industry .
Many people have been trying tremendously hard to reduce carbon emission by using clean energy or going on a vegetarian diet a vegetarian diet .
These methods do work , but only the minority of the population is doing it , and results can only be seen after many years of efforts .
Instead of reducing the carbon emission , we can solve this impending crisis by finding some methods that reduce the heat source or are able to manipulate the heat input on Earth .
Research has shown that whenever a volcano erupts , it releases a large amount of and gaseous chemicals causing a thick layer of haze to form around the planet , thus reducing the average temperature of Earth by almost one degree Fahrenheit .
This idea may sound ludicrous . However,... it is the easiest method that enables us to store more time while we change our lifestyle and prepare for global warming .
Launching of sunshades has two ; firstly it provides enough time to change our lifestyle permanently , for example,... reducing reducing poultry consumption poultry consumption and reducing ... the usage of non-environmental friendly materials .
Secondly , to develop more advanced technologies such as clean fuel and energy conserving systems .
Locating the sunshades at remote areas areas reduces reduces the probability of injuries in case of any accident .
The material used for the sunshades will mainly be some reflective material for example sulfate .
The switch over of sunshades... would be carried out periodically , as maintenance work could be quite tedious as changing of parts will require the sun shades to descend .
High durability , battery life the ability ability to function at low temperatures must be considered during the design phase .
In brief , geoengineering solutions allow us to fight global warming temporarily , it is just a mitigation approach and not a preventive one .
Although the description of the designing process is simple and clear , the implementation of engineering design is rather complicated and requires several crucial qualities .
First of all , the Chinese education system largely destroyed students ' creative thinking skills .
innovation thinking contains natural curiosity and bold imagination whereas analytical thinking comprises experiences .
The schools in China usually aim at cultivating students ' analytical skills by teaching them knowledge and testing them on the knowledge that has been taught taught .
As the experiences filling up students ' minds , their curiosity is fading day by day until they do n't even bother to take notice of the world surrounding them .
In scientific world , most of the greatest contributers are from western countires ; the only two Chinese scientists who won the Nobel prize developed their theories in America .
As a result of the impulsive atmosphere , the Chinese government focused too much on economic development but too little on technological research .
Compared with the developed countries , China stressed more on implementation rather than generation of engineering designs .
Engineering design is a meaningful work but requires lots of sacrifice and devotion since it ca n't generate benefits promplty and directly .
The lack of innovative thinking skills and the indifference to the creative work has already hampered Chinese engineering design .
To promote creative-centered research and design , China has to transform greatly in these two dimensions .
With concise understanding of the problem and important information , the design will move to the next stage of creating solutions .
The lives of patients can not be placed in jeopardy and inventing a design that compromises safety of the patient was an absolute no .
However in modern times , the engineering design has been developing very slowly .
Why has this been happening ?
Even nowadays there are still some problems existing which hamper the engineering design process .
Here we are going to talk about two problems , the examination-oriented education system and the fear of authority .
The examination-oriented education , as the name implies , is an education system whose purpose is for students to get high grades in the exam .
Teachers teach to the exam .
This results in students getting high scores but having low abilities .
In the third step of the design process , generating multiple solutions , divergent thinking and analytical are needed , whereas the examinationoriented education does not emphasis the importance of thinking and skills .
Its only purpose is high scores in the exam .
The skills which are needed in the design process can not be gained from such an education system .
China has already found ways to solve these problems , but solving these problems needs time .
I believe that one day there will be no problem in the way to innovation in China .
To look from the former point of view , it means that the technology has played a part in shaping the society today ,
while viewing from the latter would suggest that it is due to the societal factors that has shaped the technology today ( Rogers , 2003 ) .
Social construction of technology is also what is called as the social determinist technology .
There is a legend that has been fascinating people from some one thousand years ago : God was going to send a deluge to destroy the earth and almost all the living things on earth which had become corrupt .
However , this time , the one who destroys the earth is no more God G but human beings themselves .
These series of human activities with their negative effects on the environment directly leads to an inevitable consequence : species extinction .
Besides the set up of biological laboratories laboratories , various kinds of DNA repositories have been built while more plans are under way .
So far , there are already more than 1,400 seed banks in the world , in addition to those intended for both plants and animal DNA storage .
In other words , when the technology becomes more mature and more profitable in the future ( which is very possible ) , it is very hard to guarantee that it will only be put to good use good use .
Technologies have the capabilities of solving problems and improving our daily life .
In order to come out with useful technologies , Rogers ( 2003 ) states that the process involves research for more in depth understanding of scientific knowledge , followed by research to solve specific problems and finally , development of the technologies .
However , in the mist of researching a particular technology , the discovery of new technologies may appear unexpectedly .
There are both similarities and differences between technologies developed via research and technologies resulting from a serendipitous discovery .
This is due to the fact that laptops are much smaller than desktop computers as the latter consist of monitors as well as central processing units ( CPU ) .
On the other hand , for the 3M Post-it pads , the unexpected discovery came about when 3M researchers were investigating a new adhesive ( Rogers , 2003 ) .
Therefore , the creation of Post-it pads was unintentional while creation of laptop was with intended purposes .
Another difference between the two technologies is the possibility for further development .
Hence , in terms of future developments , laptops may have a better prospect compared to Post- it pads .
The 3-D printer currently available has the ability to produce complex models of differing shapes and sizes in a short duration .
Since such a project involves huge amount of money , investors must be convinced that their commitments will bring them profit .
One way of convincing them is to produce physical prototypes that can be felt and scrutinized .
Secondly , creating models with traditional means is time consuming and does not make economical sense to businesses .
Companies are often engaged in a race to unveil their product ahead of their competitors so as to seize a major share in the marketplace .
In such a situation , time is of essence .
In consideration of these factors , designers have conceived the 3-D printer , which is capable of speeding up designing processes .
Based on a report in The Economist ( 2009 ) , it now takes Timberland merely ninety minutes to turn a design of a new sole into a model using the 3-D printer --- a significant decrease of a week that the process requires in the past .
The factors that shaped the technological innovation of the 3-D printer discussed thus far are coming from the end-user perspective .
The development of the technical aspects of a technology involves the devotion of large amount of resources , which will result in increased cost .
The designers of the 3-D printer have ensured that their product appeal to a large consumer group by boosting its functionality .
In conclusion , the technological innovation of the 3-D printer is shaped by the demand for a realistic model that can be produced in a short time .
Besides , it is also influenced by its potential profitability for the corporate manufacturer .
The engineering design processes as described by Khandani ( 2005 ) provide a well-rounded methodology that comes up with solutions for specific needs .
The process starts with identifying the underlying cause of the need to effectively solve the problem at hand , and is and by research on the topic for better understanding .
Armed with more information on the problem , the engineer would be able to make better decisions on the final solution to optimise and adapt the product as a prototype .
The focus of this essay is ; however , on the ways the engineering design processes help to fulfil a particular need .
In 1997 , a group of countries agreed to commit to the Kyoto Protocol , which aims at a reduction of greenhouse gases emitted , in view of the potential climatic changes to come should the situation be left unattended to .
There is therefore a need for a more environmentally friendly way to generate energy for our use .
The development of a problem statement gives the engineer a chance to look into the problem .
In this case , reducing the undesirable emissions of mainly carbon dioxide , sulphur dioxide and the oxides of nitrogen will provide environmentally friendlier energy .
With the aid of a clear problem statement , the engineer is able to tackle the problem at its core by following an objective-specific statement .
As mentioned previously , the Kyoto Protocol binds the countries in agreement to achieve approximately 5 to 10 percent reduction in greenhouse emissions .
Next , the design process aims to brainstorm for solutions and list all of them for comparisons later. .
Lastly , the analysis and selection of a single solution for adaptation fall back heavily on previous research .
The engineer must be mindful of the various factors and choose a solution which meets the criterion he deems necessary for his product .
I define the more important requirements of the final solution to be its ease of being accepted by users , the extent of it being able to reduce undesirable emissions and the amount of time it takes to be implemented .
While comparing the two solutions , it is found that alternate sources of energy like wind energy , hydroelectric energy or nuclear energy significantly reduce the amount of greenhouse gas produced .
However , it is not likely that they will be able to replace the current infrastructures of fossil fuel generators at a quick rate due to their high start-up costs , and in some cases , their geographical constraints .
On the other hand , increasing the efficiency of current generators will allow optimisation tune-ups , which are less costly and more likely to be welcomed and readily adopted by the energy business .
Furthermore , there is much room for improvements in fuel to energy efficiency ; with innovation towards developing upgrades for conventional generators to better utilizing the usual energy lost because heat , the amount of fuel needed and therefore greenhouse gas emissions could see a decrease of more than 20 percent .
The solution to create a more environmentally friendly way to generate energy based on my particular set of factors is therefore to invent an add-on to existing power generators to provide greater efficiency in fuel to energy conversion .
These battery-powered cars were previously a costly mode of transport limited to a niche market , but they have since been reborn and are creating a new wave in the automobile market .
The rebirth of the electric vehicle technology can be attributed to the revived interest of the automobile giants , government regulations on greenhouse gas emission and also the improvement in the technicalities previously assosciated with electric cars .
This year , the US Department of Energy , after a highly competitive application process , handed out US $ 400 million in grants to the 'Big Three ' - Chrysler , Ford and General Motors to develop the next-generation technologies for electric vehicles ( Elie , 2009 ) .
Switching from gasoline vehicles to the 'zero-emission ' electric vehicles will significantly reduce the carbon emission of these countries , hence the resurgence of electric vehicles and their technologies .
Major problems included long charging time of up to hours and the lack of charging facilities . However , improvement in the charging technology promises to reduce charging time to between 10 and 45 minutes .
However , for it to replace the gasoline vehicles will be an uphill task that requires a concerted effort from both the industry and the governments .
According to Rogers , E. M. ( 2003 ) , the development of an engineering design process consists of a total of six main stages : , needs/problems , research ( basic and applied ) , development , commercialization , diffusion and adoption and consequences .1 The whole design process of creating new products is tedious and will take a very long time to complete ; especially the stages on research and development. .
Due to the limited resources in Singapore , the commercialization stage may not be able to materialise .
Therefore , most of the development of engineering design processes are carried out in Singapore at the end of the development stage .
Examples of such projects are " NUS Eco-car''2 and " NUS Haptic Chair''.3
In Singapore , moving on to the commercialization stage of the design process is not easily achieved without going through tough brainstorming .
Thus , problems may arise and hinder the commercialization stage of the design process .
First of all , for the NUS eco-car innovation process , it is true that the development of eco-car is indeed environmentally friendly .
However , if the eco-car is to proceed to the commercialization stage in the engineering design process , the problem encountered by my home country is capital cost .
This is because most of the parts contributed to the assembly of the eco car are bought from overseas and these better grade materials can be rare and hard to acquire .
Furthermore , hiring skilled workers and buying machines to assemble the car are costly as well .
Hence , for the eco-car to be launched in Singapore during the commercialization stage of its design process , the production of car will significantly increase the retail price because of the high prices of raw materials in constructing the car .
The high retail price of car will significantly affect the decision of the committee to commercialize the product as consumer would not pay much for it .
On the other hand , for the NUS Haptic Chair innovation process , the researchers had successfully developed the chair for the convenience of deaf people in Singapore .
The problem that hampers the design process is the shortage of testers to test the product , for which according to the article3 there were not enough deaf children in Singapore to test this product .
Therefore , there will be no guarantee to the effectiveness of the design to see how the product can be utilized and the researcher will not be able to modify the chair for better performance .
In conclusion , capital cost and the shortage of human resources are two problems which will significantly hamper engineering design process innovation . This may result in the commercialization stage being unable to realise .
Based on E.M. Roger 's paper on " Generation of innovation " , a typical engineering design process for innovations can be broken down into 6 main stages . They are : identifying the needs of the market , designing the research process , developing the product , commercialising , diffusing and adopting and finally , examining the consequences .
Out of the 6 stages , I will elaborate on problems in the research and development stage using examples in Singapore .
In Singapore , the research sector is one of the most funded fields , besides education and defense .
With a population of only about 4 million , coupled with lack of natural resources , Singapore has no choice but to make the most of whatever resources that are available .
Hence , it is significant to develop the research sector in Singapore .
Some of common problems in the research sector are lack of skilled labour , time constraint and limited .
One example is the NUS eco-car project which was still at its research stage .
However , in NUS , the project is at student level only .
With additional guidance from experienced engineers , the eco- car could have been better designed and probably would stand a better chance of being marketed .
The lack of skilled labour in the project caused it to be at the research stage of the innovation process .
Hence , the development of the eco-car was not consumer friendly and it was unable to move into the commercialization stage .
Maybe it would be take a few more years before the eco-car has a potential to be marketed .
Sometimes , problems may also occur during the development stage of the innovation process. .
One example is the NUS FSAE race car. .
After all the research that have been done , through software rendering and such , the problems starts when one is trying to develop it .
After all , the simulation done on computers can not be compared to what the students have experienced .
The success of the design will be based on the yearly race competition held at international level .
To sum up , the lack of skilled labour and the inability to re-create computer simulation in real life are not the only 2 problems commonly faced in the engineering design process in Singapore .
However , these 2 problems are enough to cause the downfall and failure of the product when it is placed in the market .
Engineering design processes consists of five different stages starting with defining the problem , gathering pertinent information , generating multiple solutions , analyzing and selecting a solution and finally testing and implementing the solutions .
Fund is an important factor that determines whether the design process can be carried out .
To begin with the design process , there is a need to have a team of experts and researchers to spearhead the project which requires hiring cost .
Fund also plays an important role in the purchase of materials to manufacture the product .
Therefore , the purchase of materials can be quite costly as plenty of them will go to waste .
As a result , the lack of fund will hamper the progress of the design process because there will be no material to manufacture a physical product to test its usefulness .
The design process does not stop after the development of a final product a final product .
This is because the product may not be perfect , and minor yet important changes may need to be done to improve the product .
For example in the aeroplane design process , one needs to determine the material to be used as the body of the aircraft .
Without the knowledge of the characteristics of different materials , one will not be able to choose the best material , which must be strong yet light in weight , to be used .
Due to the fact that it was their first attempt , they realized that the lack of race car knowledge had hampered their design process , and this in turn had also led them to perform badly in the competition. .
However , the engineering faculty has since built up the race car knowledge after taking part in several annual competitions , and in the recent competition it came in 19th place .
In the case of lacking of funds , companies need to find sponsorships to fund the cost of their design processes .
However , knowledge is something that can not be achieved overnight .
Having past experiences and studies will be useful in gaining more knowledge .
As a living being , maintaining is of vital importance .
In fact , whether one can keep leading a high quality of life largely depends on a reliable energy supply .
To illustrate this simply , one current need of modern people is the demand for a consistent energy source .
Therefore , the engineering design process aims to invent a technological approach to meet people 's need .
After identifying the problem and listing all the possible solutions , it will figure out the best energy source and try to utilize it to supply energy .
After that , gradual improvements will be made to its practicality , and this will subsequently help to serve the public better .
It is known that we all live in a new era where every social activity or industrial activity we do is closely relevant to energy utilization .
Hence , the demand for effective energy supply is a major need of modern people .
Nowadays , the main energy source is fossil fuel which has a limited storage supply on earth .
In 10 years ' time , the supply of oil and gas will fail to meet people 's need .
) To avoid future energy crises from happening , engineers are expected to find a new energy source which is sustainable .
The next step is to consider all possible new energy supply sources and selecting the best one .
Their main advantage is that they are all renewable energy sources .
Among them , solar energy is the best choice because it is safer than nuclear energy and easier to obtain as compared to geothermal energy .
Hence , solar energy comes to our attention as an ideal energy source .
After that , engineering design process applies the engineering theorem and latest technology to practice , and this is equivalent to using solar energy effectively. .
The whole process is like installing a solar panel containing many tubes on the roof of the house where the panel can be exposed maximally to sunlight .
Then the bath water may be let to flow through the tubes and to absorb the heat collected by the tubes .
Through heat transfer from tube to the water , the bath water is heated .
The production cost of solar energy is higher than that of fossil fuel energy , which therefore impedes its popularity .
Hence , engineering designer should consider how to cut cost in future , in order to let solar energy be utilized more successfully .
In sum , the demand for energy supply is a current need that is closely relevant to people 's lives , as it is the basis for maintaining a high living standard .
Yet we still have to work on reducing its production cost .
Nowadays , people are more health conscious .
This can be seen when they are willing to spend hundreds to thousands of dollars on medical bills .
Doctors , drug researchers and biomedical engineers face the challenges to collaborate in this matter in order to come out with the best solution to address current health problems .
Engineers play an important role .
Engineers assist medical professionals such as doctors by designing medical devices such as the pace maker , defibrillator and ventilator which are often used in life threatening situations .
Their roles include handling technical difficulty of medical devices , giving advices to doctors and nurses , collaborating with clinical research personnel , liaising with hospital administrator and regulations agencies as well as ensuring a safe hospital environment . Maintaining a safe hospital environment would include tasks like the power cabling , performing maintenance and safety inspection .
One can see that engineers play the crucial role of delivering professional health service needed for a patient .
Many health problems can not be addressed without the help of medical devices
Engineers are faced with various challenges to design medical devices which are safe , efficient , accurate , serviceable , user friendly , manageable , durable and environmental compatible .
An example is the latest medical device called the IVDD machine ( Intervetebral Disc Decompression Therapy ) .
This idea is discovered when researchers realized that space travelers were relieved of lower back pain and their disc height were actually increased .
A design idea can be developed from various sources. .
Another challenge faced by design engineers is the availability of technology .
Technology is often the limiting factor when it comes to designing a sophisticated medical device .
An example of this is the electrosurgical device .
The Electrosurgical device was not invented until it was realized that very high frequency of current can actually burn a tissue when the contact point is relatively small .
This idea and discovery have led to the invention of the CUSA Excel System --- a device that performs bloodless tissue cutting which is used now in every hospital in Singapore .
The design can also come from the need and request of people .
A social need often has to be addressed by engineers .
For example , in this advanced and fast changing society , many working adults , especially women have found it extremely difficult to achieve a balance between their family and work .
The milk pump allows milk storage and feeding without the presence of the mother ; and this allows them to go to work without having to worry about breast-feeding their babies .
It is very interesting to see how engineering ideas can come about .
There are hundreds of ways from which an idea can originate .
A design is developed to improve older designs , ; or to address psychological problem in patients , such as their fear of going through surgical operation ; or to assist medical personnel such as doctors to deliver better health service .
Other challenges faced by engineers include patenting their designs , devices testing , performance benchmarking , training of medical personnel , custom modification of devices , law 's requirements , safety concerns , compatibility with other medical devices ,durability and usability .
The challenges faced are never ending for an engineer in their attempts to come out with state-of-the-art medical devices to be used currently and also in the future .
When you are enjoying ice-cream in a sweltering summer , do you know that you are enjoying a privilege reserved for rich people roughly 100 years ago ?
Then how does the refrigerator come into being ?
Some factors such as the demand of lead user , economic factors , and environmental concern actually play important roles in shaping the refrigerator into its shape today .
In the first place , the lead user of the refrigerator is the first and most important factor that drives the development of refrigerator .
Lead users can be defined as a group of people that have the greatest need for a potential invention .
According to Hippel ( year , cited in Rogers , 2003 ) , lead users play an important role in most of the innovation-designing process , because they usually have the needs of innovations that are " well ahead of the general market " .
In the case of the refrigerator , lead users can be regarded as the food businessmen in 20th century , mainly because most food would perish very quickly under normal temperature .
Since the lead user has such a great need of a product that could help them keep the food cool easily , the refrigerator was first commercially introduced to long distance food transportation in 1900s ( Bowden & Offer , 1994 ) .
Lead users therefore started the application of the refrigerator on business .
Besides the factor of lead users , economic factor also plays an important part in shaping the refrigerator .
For example , the use of the refrigerator has only become widespread after its price has dropped to a level that could be accepted by the norms .
Another evidence is the dominance of electric refrigerator in the development of refrigerators in general .
Before the release of the refrigerator into the market , there is an ideal substitute for the electric refrigerator . This is the gas refrigerator , which has a quieter operation and longer use duration ( year , cited in Roger , 2003 ) .
The reason why all of us now are using the " huming " electric refrigerator instead of the gas one is because corporations have decided that the electric refrigerator would bring them larger profit , and therefore they went all out to promote the electric refrigerator .
For example , one of the reasons why the refrigerator was not widely used by many common households before 1930s is because the refrigerator at that time was using a toxic gas system , which would destroy the environment and be unsafe for home use .
One of the most popular refrigerants for refrigerator , Tetrafluoroethane , has been banned by the governments in a lot of countries because of its ability to deplete the ozone layer .
The environmental concern therefore helps the refrigerator to develop in a more environmentally friendly direction .
Due to the number of words being limited this essay only scratches the surface of what leads to the invention and diffusion of the refrigerator , and picks out the three most obvious factors to discuss .
Scientists have estimated that given the current global energy consumption , we will only have sufficient oil reserves to last us for another 50 years .
Furthermore , greenhouse emissions produced from the burning of fossil fuels have led to global warming , with its impact visible from the shrinkage of polar ice caps at the Arctic region as well as the rise in global temperature .
This could eventually cause flooding of low lying areas , as well as food shortages ; and it paints a bleak picture for our future generation .
Research on the field of 'green ' technology has started way back in early 1950s ; however , it has only started to gain momentum recently as its economic and social benefits become more recognised .
This would lead to price inflation and could cause an economic slowdown as affordability would become a concern .
Investing in 'green ' technology would not only ensure that we will have a steady supply of energy to develop our economy but it could also be another source of revenue for countries developing such technologies ; and some analysts have estimated that this industry could potentially be worth up to US $ 4 trillion .
Therefore , governments are pouring funds into research in this field to benefit from its economic advantages .
Next , there is a general consensus that global warming has been greatly caused by the rise of greenhouse emissions from the burning of fossil fuels , which could have devastating and irreversible impacts .
Recently , rising temperature has caused frequent heat waves that killed a number of people across Europe .
The rising temperature also gives rise to an increase in the number of heat stroke cases and could cause a potential health issue .
Furthermore , rising temperature also results in frequent droughts which caused food shortages and aggravated the world 'hunger ' problem .
More significantly , the melting of the polar ice caps and glaciers could endanger low lying areas and the rise in temperature could also cause severe imbalances in our delicate ecosystem .
This will affect all walks of life , including ours .
Therefore , the future of our planet lies in our hands and we must be socially responsible for our future generations .
Thus , many environmental groups have been pressuring businesses and governments for 'green ' energy solutions as we .
This is evident from the carbon tax law that is imposed by the European Union on businesses , which imposes tax on businesses for the amount of carbon they produced .
'Green ' technology may be the main focus in this century ; however , it must be noted that investing in this technology is costly and not many businesses are willing to venture into it on their own .
In the age of information technology and globalization , the world we live today has progressed beyond our imagination by the aid of constant improvement in technology by research and development ( R&D ) as well as innovation .
In one of the article in 'Diffusion of Innovations ' ( 2003 ) , he has mentioned about the introduction of battery technology in the electric vehicle by General Motors ( GM ) in the early 1990s .
Iinterestingly , this significant technology was initially determined by the California and Arizona state governments inadvertently so as to tackle the issue of smog levels in Los Angeles and Phoenix at that period of time .
Furthermore , leaded petrol has been commonly used by the consumers in the past .
Depending on the methods used for generating electricity in electric cars , they have the capability of producing very low emission of carbon dioxide .
' ( ) , it discussed about the growing appreciation of the impact that city and regional authorities can have in making practical preparations for an electrified road transport system .
, technology will not be moving in such a fast pace and may be hampered by the lack of innovation from a lower demand in researchers and engineers .
Ultimately , while there are various factors that will influence the technological innovation today , we must constantly remind ourselves to follow the moral and ethical guidelines .
Otherwise , we are the ones who will bear the impact
Therefore , it will be up to mankind to take the challenge for a new safe world this should appear a the beginning .
This leads to factors such as , a limited pool of local talents , a small local market and a lack of volunteers willing to try out new innovations ; all of which will affect the engineering design process .
Researching and developing a new product requires a dedicated team of talented researchers with different expertise .
This is further pointed out in the case of the Haptic Chair ( Chua 2009 ) developed by Suranga Nanayakkara , a PhD student from the National University of Singapore .
Engineers ' innovative designs solves such storage issue .
According to Khandani ( 2005 ) , engineering design processes play an important role .
Because of hydrogen 's unique physical property , there are three main problems insert 'that ' to 'be ' worked out .
First , it takes up too much space for its lightweight .
Third , it is too dangerous as it is inflammable and explosive .
to handle these storage problems , the related areas came with two solutions .
On the one hand , to store hydrogen under pressure is a rather well-known technique .
It needs to overcome permeation problems and pass cycling tests .
Overall , these two solutions have their own advantages in different aspects ; at the same time , .
So as to make these two hydrogen storage schemes feasible , a lot of experiments and tests were done .
For the compressed hydrogen storage , many numerical modeling have been done through computational fluid dynamics tools .
It .
the experiment results show the following . .
For the solid-state hydrogen storage , many testing and performance assessment of potential hydrogen storage materials in the laboratory .
huge progress has been made in this field , some new materials have been found and more are waiting to be found .
some laboratories in Europe also offers services for research centers and university groups , so as to train and inspire the young .
Besides the exciting news about hydrogen storage technology , we still need to pay attention to its dangers .
It can be hazardous if hydrogen leaks , and even cause disasters if hydrogen burns and explodes .
To sum up , the research and development of the storage of hydrogen will meet human 's need and make a great contribution ; and the engineering design progress plays an importantt part in it .
Technological innovations created from scientific researches are created to satisfy needs to solve problems affecting people .
Thus it is an innovation that does not solve the initial target problem but instead solves an unintended problem or need .
Although they had very different outcomes they were triggered by the same motivation to make a better world .
The birth of these two types of innovations had very similar causes , such as pressure from the society or government to cater to certain needs .
Two pieces of technology , for instance , eco-cars and warfarin were produced by scientifc research and serendipitous invention respectively .
In the 1930s , farmers fed their cattle with sweet clover hay but these cattle were dying from internal bleeding caused by it .
Through further research , Professor K.P.Link found that the sweet clover hay contained a harmful chemical called coumarin which turned out to be a very effective rat killer , thus warfarin was born full stop should come after in text citation
Innovations , , have a common motivation which is to solve surfacing problems in the world .
Electric cars and warfarin alike , need to be marketed and diffused for potential users to adapt .
warfarin was liscenced by Wisconsin Alumni Research Foundation ( WARF ) to commercial manufacturers .
However , the fate of dedicated research innovations and serendipitous innovations can differ greatly .
In conclusion , innovations are made to improve the life of the user .
No matter how these innovations come about , they have a common sense of motivation .
These different kinds of innovations will face different circumstances thus a different fate .
Innovations however profitable should not be dismissed but sold to a higher platform where it could spark other ideas or satisfy needs that are not foreseen by the parent organization .
Given the fact that most households in Singapore share a common block , if the solar panels are fixed on the top of the buildings , will there be enough to provide sufficient electricity for the whole block , which may consist of up to eighty household users ?
Based on the Madrid article , ( incorrect in-text citation ) John Houghton joked with the leader of Saudi Arabia 's delegate party that what he was proposing was against his country 's interest , and that he should not be raising it instead .
If households all over the world started converting to green technology , there will be a decrease in demand for fuel ( since it runs the electricity needed for each household ) and this will affect the country 's economy .
One way to reduce fuel consumption is to modify tanks such that they all have built-in solar panels
when innovations are clear of such plural , only then will the full benefits will be felt .
This ignited a chain of campaigns , activist groups and policies in support of reducing pollution and waste to save our planet .
This current situation may seem favorable theoretically for innovations such as the electric car industries to flourish .
In the early 1990s , the support given by the California and Arizona state governments for electric cars managed to boost sales of electric cars made by General Motors ( Rogers , 2003 ) .
Besides giving financial aid to R&D departments which helps to initiate the start of the project on electric cars , subsides and iincentives may also be given to citizens who use electric cars which would increase the demand for more electric cars .
In the case of the IMPACT electric cars , the opinions of leaders stimulated the sales and awareness of these cars ( Rogers , 2003 ) .
Many scientific articles also state that social acceptance is increasingly being recognized as a constraining factor in innovations based on renewable energy sources ( Rolf , 2006 ) .
Without the accession from the society , it would be difficult for the emergence of any new innovations .
This is one of the reasons why marketing strategies such as the use of promotions and advertisements is extremely important in raising the awareness and creating a need for new technologies , thus allowing a new technology to survive .
If these factors are not fulfilled , electric cars would probably end up as a failed dream .
It is a decision-making process , in which the basic sciences , ( mathematics , give other examples ) } [ HYPERLINK : http : //en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mathematics ] , and engineering sciences are applied to convert resources optimally to meet a stated objective .
Such engineering designs to meet human needs .
In the initial stage , the process allows an engineer to identify the needs and subsequently , define the problems involved .
selection of solutions to any of the problems will probably be the most difficult stage in the design process .
However , there are limitations in the design process in meeting the needs of safety .
Most of the time , an individual can not think of all of the safety aspects of a design over few years .
Secondly , generating good solutions for safety issues require creativity and , often , risking safety in the first place to better understand it .
Lastly , determining which safety solution is feasible comes with eexperience instead of being able to learn it from a book .
Moreover , different teams of engineers may have different points of approach regarding safety issues .
It met many challenges once faced by people and safety was one of the challenges faced .
Engineering design has provided us many conveniences ; as tiny as micro-chips in our laptops which have fast processing speed and low cost and as large as international transportation .
replace with 'In ' the 21st century , our society has come into a new stage with high productivity and efficiency , which also means that we have more energy requirement at the same time .
For centuries , our major energy came from burning fossil fuels such as coal , oil and gas .
They have higher quantity of combustion , but they can not be reproduced and the resource is limited .
Wood is another energy resource which can be reproduced , however , it can not generate as much heat as fossil fuel . Besides , nature is destroyed in the process .
Our problem is very simplewe need more efficient plural to generate enough power for a long time .
At the same time , it must be easy to get and clean ; we can not sacrifice any more .
in text citation not given , it is shown that traditional resources can not provide energy for more than 100 years . The green house phenomena
has become more serious .
The new technology gives us many ways to find new sources-wave energy , wind energy , solar energy and nuclear energy .
We come to the third step ; coming up with multi-solutions to the problems .
As we mentioned , there are many of new resources to use , solar , wave and nuclear .
We must consider which is beyond our control and which is better .
We need to follow step two , analyze all the factors and decide which we want to choose .
Natural energy is really good as it is free and it can be found everywhere . Examples are solar and wind energy . Thehe bad thing is we do n't have the ability to control them .
On sunny day , we have the sun-light , how about on a or cloudy day ?
As a result , scientists have chosen another generation of resource-redundant and can be replaced with 'known as'nuclear power .
The final step is to test whether the solution can be executed .
After testing for a few years , it has been found that , nuclear power plants work quite well .
In 2008 , there were more than 400 nuclear power plants in operation , delete highlighted and replace with 'which takes' ' about 10 % of our energy load .
In recent years , we have used uranium as nuclear plant fuel . the problem is it gives off harmful radiation .
engineers have thought of another method . to use nucleosynthesis . the fuel of nucleosynthesis reaction is just .
This test is still under experimentation , because of the rigorous reaction condition .
It applies in our daily plural and gives more solutions to the same problem .
Some are deemed beneficial to mankind , while others are just created for the sake of businessmen to reap in business profits .
It has also brought about much convenience and is now considered an asset to most people .
It was because at that time , the technology was not advanced enough for manufacturers to come up with cool and sleek designs like the mobile phones nowadays .
Mobile phones are a necessity .
The phones which people nowadays possess also differs from the past , in terms of functions , designs and sizes .
All these transformation have been brought about due to several factors .
As quoted by incorrect in-text citation : " The innovation-development process often begins with recognition of a problem or need .
"
Manufacturers of mobile phones found out the disadvantages and hassles of the mobile phones in the past .
Hence , if people back then required the services of surfing the internet or sending plural , they had to rely on other device such as the computer to do it .
Every second wasted is equivalent to every cent lost .
Hence , in order to work in a more productive manner which saves time and bring about convenience for users , manufacturers today have come up with 3G phones which are equipped with internet , video-capturing device and an in-bulit music player which aims to provide entertainment to the users .
Hence , phone manufacturers decided to take a risk by adding a few new features into the mobile phone to see whether it is acceptable in the market .
A typical example is the production of NOKIA 8310 in 2002 .
After this production , many other rival brands followed suit .
Hence , this sent a signal to phone manufacturersthatthe public is more than willing to accept a phone with more functions and will not even mind to replace their previous models for newer ones with added features or functions .
As a result , it gave manufacturers an incentive to keep up with the times and to constantly upgrade their mobile phones .
Economic factors also play an important role in this technological innovation .
Hence , as the cost is now lower , manufacturers are more willing to produce and come up with more features to be added to the mobile phone to attract consumers to purchase it .
People find the 3G phone to be a useful device as it is able to perform many functions , which inevitably saves time and brings about a lot of convenience .
This thus leads to the vast production of 3G phones , bringing technology to the next level .
In conclusion , the transformation of mobile phones from a black-grey screen to one that is so highly sophiscated is indeed remarkable .
I believe in the near future to come , we are able to expect more innovations and creativity in the production of mobile phones .
factors such as economic conditions , political decisions , technological , advertising and even military demands can affect the development of technological innovation .
One of the factors that determines and shapes technological innovation the most is the country 's economic status .
Electric car in the past was very expensive and only very wealthy people could afford it .
It was a display of social standing when one is seen in an electric car .
Therefore it was more common to see people in cars in rich countries than poor countries .
Political factors such as government decisions and military demands could also shape technological innovation .
Before World War one , the use of automobiles were limited as there were very few roads .
Therefore gasoline vehicles became more popular as governments subsidized the building of gasoline vehicles to support their war .
After the war , gasoline vehicles became the preferred choice as
.
Gasoline vehicles also seemed more durable and electric plural were considered unsuitable .
After people attained a certain level of standard of living they became more concerned with the environment .
They began to worry about the problem of pollution caused by gasoline plural .
Therefore governments stepped in to ensure that for the total sales of plural followed by , 10 percent must be nonpolluting , which meant that it has to be electric car or electric/gasoline cars .
Therefore people who were more environmentally friendly began to use electric vehicles again .
The technological advancement of a country also affects the development of the electric vehicle .
A very powerful battery is needed to power and run the vehicle for a long time and it is only possible with advanced battery technology .
It is only natural that nobody would want an electric car that needs recharging for every few miles it travels .
According to EM Roger ( 2003 ) , in the early 1990s , the battery technology can only support the vehicle to travel for 100miles .
Before , the use of electric vehicle was very limited as the battery technology was not available or was .
The factors may leave a positive or negative impact on the technological innovation depending on the market and how socially acceptable the technology is at that point of time .
Once such example of a technology that has been shaped by it users would be the electric vehicle .
Therefore the society also plays an important role in technological innovation .
engineering design recently has been implemented in many of Asia-Pacific countries , including Indonesia .
As a big country with a huge amount of population , implementing a new aspect will not be done easily .
There are two main problems hampering engineering design ; consequently they affect some stages of this process as well
One of the educational problem occurs in every level of academic institution in Indonesia .
Students are fed by materials given by the teacher and they are most likely not allowed to learn things in their own way .
For instance , elementary students must follow the steps of solving mathematical problems given by the teacher ; otherwise they will not get the full score or the problem will be marked as wrong. .
Since they only have one way to solve an obstacle , they will be fearful of problems .
Khandani ( 2005 ) stated that creative people are needed in this stage as they can observe details and at the same time , see the whole picture of the problem .
The second problem is the limited amount of qualified human resources and funds .
In fact , there are a as a result , Indonesia is running out of qualified human resources .
Moreover , this country 's state is not in a proper condition . Indeed a global crisis makes it even worse .
Thus , the condition of resources in Indonesia affects the stages of engineering design .
The small amount of human resource ( HR ) affects not only the technical stages , but also the economic and market analysis stages .
As skilled engineers can hardly be found , technical problems will certainly
Their conservative thoughts will hamper the sale of plural .
Many good inventions never get produced because the manufacturing costs exceed what people will pay for the product itself comes after in-text citation
( Khandani , 2005 ) Therefore , this problem will put the economic and market analysis stages in difficulties .
incorrect in-text reference ) , product safety is an important stage of engineering design , which assures that usage of the design , will not cause any injury to humans .
As we know , recently , are a lot of fatal accidents have occurred in Indonesia ; for example , plane crash and collapsed railway .
Further plural showed that they were caused by lack of safety and liability tests .
They minimize these tests because they do not have sufficient funds to support the tests .
They are educational and resource problems
Consequently , these problems also impact the stages of engineering design , such as generate solutions , product safety and liability , technical and economic analysis .
Living in a society with unprecedented material prosperity , human beings are faced with severe problems resulting from energy and resource shortage .
In order to sustain stable development for the next generation , people are paying more attention to building an eco-friendly society which makes energy usage reach its optimum potential .
Considering that there is mass energy wastage around the globe , one of the approaches to reducing energy usage is to construct a better transportation system that delivers energy more efficiently .
In engineering design processes , the steps towards solution generation , selection and testing are of vital importance to building an ideal energy transportation system .
Generating multiple solutions stimulates engineers ' creativity and provides impetus to create a technological breakthrough .
Such an approach enables engineers to think out of the box and challenge the old conventions , and subsequently forge innovative breakthroughs in fields such as , transportation systems and construction , that have hardly experienced any remarkable advancement in decades decades .
Following the solution generation step , analyzing and selecting a design ensures that the ultimate solution best suits for implementation .
The systematic evaluation approach applied in the engineering design process then facilitates engineers to generate a reliable judgement of the solutions .
Lastly , the testing state places the final solution into practice in the real world for further improvement . Although restrictions exists,
this step allows the solution to be exposed to the real-world variation and yields an even more trustworthy appraisal .
Nevertheless , simulating the real-world variation in accomplishing a huge project like constructing an energy efficient transportation system can not be fully comprehensive nor to create a full-scale prototype of the system is even more unrealistic .
As a result , the effectiveness and some concealed weaknesses of the design will not be fully traced during the test .
In Summary , although imperfection in the accuracy of testing still exists , the solution generating , analyzing and testing steps in engineering design processes play key roles in forging innovative breakthroughs , verifying the feasibility of the design and upgrading the final solution while designing an effective energy transportation system .
Throughout history , many innovations were created not for its intended application .
According to Rogers ( 2003 ) , the innovation process has six stages : needs/problem , research , development , commercialization , diffusion and adoption , and consequences .
Political , social and economic changes during this period would affect the process of innovation .
One such case is The Global Positioning System ( GPS ) .
Originally The United States government policy and the cold war situation shaped the invention of GPS .
In 1960 , GPS was introduced by US Department of Defense to track down its marines .
policy makers have played an important role in developing the GPS technology to be what it is today . .
Furthermore , in 1994 , since the cold war had ended , the US government decided to fully open the GPS for public use .
The turning point for GPS for civilian use happened in 1983 , when a civilian Korean aircraft was shot down by the Soviet Union for territory trespassing .
It raised the need for a reliable navigation system .
Hence , driven by social concern , President Reagan of The United States agreed to partially open the GPS for public use .
Soon after this , when the surveying market boomed in The 1980'ss , the demand for GPS and the money generated from it further contributed to the development of GPS for civilian use .
With regard to its development , GPS technology had a few setbacks .
The most notable setback was in 1979 , when the economic situation in The United States was bad .
The development of advanced technology was mainly carried out by government agencies .
Hence , when the economic situation worsened , the government agencies were affected .
This example also shows how The economy and politics are interrelated in determining an innovation .
In conclusion , political , economic , and social situations normally determine an innovation as shown in GPS .
Had the situation been different the commercialization of the GPS would not have been possible .
Hence , Technological development is partly socially determined .
As modern society is fast developing , human need becomes more diversified while problems of the shortage of resources becomes more serious .
Such kinds of conflict requires engineers to develop new products to meet all needs .
without creativity and innovation the tasks are never easy for engineers . engineers must design products which are both artistic and practical .
Designing products and finding solutions require a long term process , which is defined as The engineering design process .
According to Khandani , The engineering design process is a very important route for engineers to create products , it can be expressed as a 5-step process : " Define the problem " , " Gather pertinent information " , " Generate multiple solutions " , " Analyze and select a solution " , and " Test and implement the solution " ( Khandani , 2005 ) .
However ; there exist some problems that hamper engineering design processes for innovations .
Among them are the problems of plagiarism and the insufficiency of fund support for scientific research .
The problem of plagiarism is fairly s. A large number of university students do not do the academic work such as research reports and scientific essays on their own .
Many students choose to search sources on the Internet and submit their " work " perfunctorily , never mentioning about the original researchers or writers .
Plagiarism is not only harmful to the original researchers or writers , but is also an impediment for university students to gain creativity and innovative skills .
Plagiarism makes university students or even graduate researchers lazy to come up with their own ideas .
After obtain the information for their academic use , they simply follow the original train of thought and give up thinking about a different solution on their own .
However , such choices becomes harmful in the long run as the innovative skills of university students or researchers will deteriorate .
Plagiarism significantly hinders the five step process of gathering pertinent information in the engineering design process , which is about generating , analyzing , selecting , testing and implementing solutions .
For example , an engineering student who is doing a designing project does not have to analyze or select solutions , which is the fourth step in the engineering design process , if he chooses to plagiarize from other articles .
Therefore , it removes all the experience of encountering problems during the solution analyzing and selecting phase and all the innovative skills he can gain from the process .
Plagiarism directly gives students the final and the best solution , which seems good for him but quite harmful for the entire academic community .
If everyone plagiarizes to do their academic work and only tries to get higher marks , the problem of plagiarism may result in a more serious situation , in that , very few students graduating from universities can manage to develop innovative products as engineers .
If the university can not afford engineering students to do further testing or create an entire product , all the efforts that have been made in the previous steps come to naught .
The problem has a significant impact on the testing and implementing solutions step in the design process , during which an engineer may encounter different problems and choices .
Without the process of testing and implementing , students can not gain their practical skills or develop their innovative ideas for implementation .
Although the academic community in my home country is facing many problems which hamper innovations , the development of science and technology has never been thwarted .
I believe that one day all the problems will be solved and we will become strong in the academic field .
Technology is the application of scientific knowledge in industry and aims to improve our standard of living .
Its effects can be felt in almost every corner of the world and in our daily lives .
Technological innovations can range from household appliances to industrial equipment ,
they can be classified into two categories - research-based inventions such as the laptop computer like Toshiba and serendipitous inventions such as the " Post-it " notes developed by 3M .
when comparing the two technologies , it is clear that that an element of luck is more present in the former invention than in the latter one .
Nonetheless , luck is not the only determining factor for the birth of a technology , whether it is developed via research or resulting from a serendipitous discovery .
There are other contributing factors such as the efforts of the inventors and their determination to succeed that leads to the discovery of the technology .
The smallpox vaccine was first tested by Jenner in 1796 .
Hundreds of thousands people have been saved by these two discoveries .
Both the smallpox vaccine and penicillin are tremendous discoveries that have saved people 's lives and have been milestones in medicine that led people to explore new areas to fight diseases however ; the procedure of finding these two discoveries and the development of them are different .
One similarity of The smallpoxx vaccine and penicillin is that they are life-saving discoveries in medicine .
In the eighteen century before Jenner discovered The smallpox vaccine , smallpox was a widespread killer disease .
Jenner 's significant discovery was praised by the third United States President Thomas Jefferson in his letter 'Letter to Dr. Edward Jenner On his Discovery of the Small Pox Vaccine' .
( Scott , 1996 ) Penicillin is an antibiotic that prevents the growth of bacteria and cures infections .
After penicillin was discovered , the death rate by infection largely decreased .
Another similarity of these two discoveries is that they are landmarks in the field of medicine .
The smallpoxx vaccine was the first vaccine that people used to improve immunity to a certain disease .
After that , people started to develop vaccines to protect people from diseases such as hepatitis B , BCG and pertussis
Similarly , penicillin was the first antibiotic people used to cure infections .
After the discovery of penicillin , people realized that there was a new type of medicine , the antibiotic , which can kill bacteria and this resulted in research being conducted to develop more antibiotics .
More and more antibiotics were discovered and produced like aureomycin , erycin and chloromycetin .
Although the smallpox vaccine and penicillin have similarities , the procedure and development of these two discoveries are different .
Based on the observation that cowpox prevents smallpox , Jenner began researching into using cowpox to build immunity against smallpox .
After testing his theory , he successfully discovered the smallpox vaccine .
( Scott , 1996 ) In a few years time , his discovery was translated into many European languages and the smallpox vaccine was applied to prevent smallpox .
In contrast , penicillin was a serendipitous discovery .
Returning from his holiday to his laboratory in 1928 , Fleming found some penicillium notanum in some lab dishes .
The penicillium notanum could prevent the growth of bacteria .
( RSC , 2009 ) However , this discovery was not put into production
until 1940 , it was ten years after Feming 's discovery that penicillin went into mass production .
In conclusion , both the smallpox vaccine and penicillin are tremendous discoveries that saved the lives of numerous people , and they are milestones in medicine .
the procedure and development of these two discoveries however are different .
from the viewpoint of social construction of technology , many technological innovations and inventions are influenced and shaped by social factors ( Rogers , 2003 ) .
Social factors are classified into economic factors , military demands and government regulations .
These factors mainly include the investment of companies , needs of customers as well as for the purpose of saving energy .
First of all , the main reason for this innovation was that major corporations such as General Electric , General Motors , Kelvinator and Westinghouse considered that to invest in electric refrigerators instead of gas refrigerators would generate more profit ( Rogers , 2003 ) .
Refrigerators with a better mechanism as well as working capacity are demanded by the market .
The needs of customers affected the interests and decisions of investing companies , hence influencing the development of refrigerators as well .
In fact , some of the interests of corporations like General Electric are driven by customers demands .
What the customers were willing to buy gave rise to the preference of companies .
Production decisions are made to meet the market demand and maximize profit , underlyning these decisions lie in customer expectations
And the driving force behind this is for the purpose of saving energy and protecting limited resources on our planet .
Limited resources is a social problem which is of concern to both customers and producers who , facilitate the invention significantly .
This is one instance where social factors have largely influenced and shaped the technological innovation .
Many products in the world did not appear from nowhere but , they were made based on the creativity of engineers in response to human needs .
For instance , the invention of the telephone was to help people with long distance communication ; airplanes were made for shortening travel time ; wheel chairs enables the handicapped to travel about .
Creativity will not stop in one place ; it will move on from time to time to improve appliances or devices .
Based on Khandani ( 2005 ) , there are five phases of design process which will be elaborated in the subsequent paragraphs .
The first step of defining the problem is very important in order that an engineer would not lose his or her way when finding a solution .
Therefore , it is necessary to identify the need from this design activity and make a problem statement to ease the gathering of information choosing a solution and conducting an experiment .
The next step will be gathering information .
A survey related to the existence of similar products should be done to prevent issues of plagiarism .
Material being used for an artificial heart device is very important as human blood carries nutrients to body cells
hence ; , it should not be toxic as toxins could enter the bloodstream .
Size is also one of the factors to be considered
After collecting useful information , multiple solutions can be generated and this is the third phase of the design process .
These solutions could be a combination of strengths from existing products or new ideas to counter the weaknesses of existing products
The latest artificial heart device is made of polyether-based polyurethane plastic and able to withstand 100,000 beats a day ( Ditlea , 2002 ) .
Most engineer design products would factore cost into consideration .
The final step is implementation including testing , building and producing the solution based on the design problem .
Prototyping is important to provide a clearer picture of the real product .
It allows engineers to observe and point out the weaknesses to be improved .
in order that , it could be re- designed until a reasonable solution is reached .
Hence , the testing result will take some time to reach a conclusion .
In conclusion , the five steps of the engineer design process mentioned above has been organized in such a way to express creativity in the product designed for human need .
Although some products may take a longer time such as the artificial heart device . An engineer should not be afraid of taking risk and time .
It would bring great contentment if the product is fully used and is able to save human life .
Hence the reverse happens and technology is shaped socially to a much larger extent than it was in the past .
Hence the sales were poor in the initial years .
It was the same for the other laptops from other companies such as Toshiba and Apple computers .
Since then , the companies that manufacture laptops started doing intensive research and development to improve their products so as to create a product that people would be willing to buy .
Hence from this we can see how technological development was shaped by economic factors .
The low demand for the first laptop caused the companies to suffer losses in the business and thereby forced them to work harder to develop it to be more commercially viable ,to boost their sales to survive with many competitors in this field of portable computing technology .
Today the laptops weigh only a small fraction of their predecessors but with greater computing power .
Hence the sales of the laptops increased substantially and the companies made profits .
But not all commercially available products can withstand the rigorous demands of the military which requires the laptops to be tough , water- resistant and have a long battery life .
The demands by not just the SAF but also other big militaries around the world also shaped at how the laptop was able to adapt to be just as reliable in the extreme conditions .
Moreover , the technology that resulted from developing the toughbooks can be applied and used to some extent in the commercial world .
But people have unlimited wants , they are not content with just the laptop which is considered quite bulky at times , thus they demanded laptops that are smaller and lighter .
The laptop is indeed an important technology that is shaped by economic , military factors , and consumer demands .
However , having been popular for less than 100 years , Electric vehicles had all disappeared by 1935 ( The History of Electric Vehicles,2009 ) .
Rogers indicated in his article " The Generation of Innovations " that the innovation-decision process is very crucial to the adoption of a new technology , because not only the technical factors but also economic , political and social factors play an important part .
Electric cars have a very obvious shortage in their technical design .
Due to the limitation of its weight , size and the battery technology , the battery used in the electric cars at that time was limited to a range of 100 miles ( Rogers,2003 ) .
As a result , they were not convenient enough .
Instead , Hydrogen fuel cell was brought in to substitute the electric battery .
In order to improve the air condition , consumers had to spend more and compromised on a limited range of electric cars .
And since the electric cars did not have engines and some other components , the car companies could no longer benefit from the maintenances of those cars .
As for the oil companies , apparently , they could not make money from oil , if all the engine driven cars were substituted by electric cars .
Moreover , the main stream of the government did not approve of this invention .
Although the California and Arizona state government came up with a mandate that " at least 10 percent of the total sales of automobile companies would have to be nonpolluting " ( Rogers,2003 ) , they had to cancel the command since the electric vehicles failed to act in the public interest .
Moreover , the Federal Government stepped in this case to oppose the California and Arizona state government .
Furthermore , other social factors contributed to the non-adoption of electric cars .
The consumers had many concerns and were unwilling at that time .
Since electric vehicles were very light , they could be quite fragile if they were hit by heavy vehicles .
In conclusion , technology , economic , political and social factors resulted in the non-adoption of electric cars .
We can gain important lessons from the failure of the electric cars , we should not only focus on certain factors to develop a new technology .
Only by addresssing the many needs can a new technology survive and be accepted .
In this essay , I will use the invention of internet as an example to show how this important technology was determined initially by a specific group of users , mainly government and military personnel , and later commercialized into what it is today .
Unlike the development of some inventions like Post-its which was a serendipitous discovery the internet was a strategic innovation that was initiated by the government and developed by their researchers .
In order to understand the reasons for the need of Internet by The U.S. Government , we will need to understand the historical background during the middle of the twentieth century .
During the Cold War period , world politics was divided between democracy and communism .
In the 1950s , the Soviet Union tested their first atomic bomb resulting in the world having two nuclear super powers that were at conflict with each other over world political dominance and military superiority .
This inevitably sparked off the arms race .
Meanwhile , the growing dominance of The Soviet Union over Eastern Europe also threatened the position of the U.S. as the world 's most powerful nation .
The Cold War and the arms race stimulated the research and development of all technological fields in the U.S. including improving communication infrastructure between the government and military planners .
One very important strategic issue that the U.S.Government had to ponder was maintaining command and control between the political and military leaders in the event of an attack by The Soviet Union .
The communication infrastructure that was vulnerable to any attacks via the use Inter Continental Ballistic Missile ( ICBM ) on the U.S. The cities phone lines were dependent on a centralized system of above ground lines .
The Department of Defense needed a more secure and indestructible communication system to survive a nuclear war and so it funded the development of a network that would be indestructible and have technological capabilities to launch a counter-offensive against enemies of the United States .
The packets would then be forwarded from one computer to another computer until the information arrived at its final destination computer .
The packets would be encoded as electrical signals , light , or radio waves and transmitted via copper cables , fiber-optic strands and the ether ; which consists of microwave , satellite , or radio transmissions .
This was an important part of a computer network .
As a result of decentralization , packet switching , unlike the telephone system , will not break down when one part of the network system is faulty since the packets can be rerouted until it arrives at its intended destination .
The next two decades witnessed the improvisation and spread of networking .
Network Control Protocol ( NCP ) was developed by VInt Cerf and Bob Kahn in 1973 to allow network communication between people using different hardware .
For instance in 1973 , the U.S. connected its network to both the United Kingdom and Norway .
In the mid 1970 's , networks began to spread to research universities across America and internationally .
The frustrated Duke students Tom Trusscott and James Ellis , and Steve Bellovin , a student , created Usenet .
Although there were over 230 ARPANET sites in 1982 , Usenet took less than two years to reach that number .
This resulted in hundreds of discussion groups , each discussing different subjects , which range from politics to daily life experiences .
The explosive growth of network usage resulted in all of the networks switching from NCP to TCP/IP in 1983 .
In 1987 , the National Science Foundation , which had funded a program earlier in 1984 to create national infrastructure to provide a variety of academic institutions access to a larger national academic network , backed away from funding the Internet and allowed giant corporation such as IBM , MCI and Merit Corp to manage and support the infrastructure it had funded .
It was not until 1993 when the Internet was transformed from government-funding to commercialization by private sectors .
With the creation of World Wide Web by Tim Berners-Lee at CERN , the European Nuclear Research Centre , the World Wide Web opened up a new era of individualism and creativity that would change the information age once and for all .
In conclusion , it was the historical background during the era of the Cold War that prompted the US government to consider new ways of creating indestructible communication to enable the political and military leaders to communicate with each other during a nuclear attack .
Through the works of brilliant researchers , the Internet , which was limited to a few users at first , was improvised to accommodate increase electronic traffic and finally commercialized to be available to each and every individual .
Technology is an act of designing and inventing of a tool that will either solve a recognized problem or fulfill a particular human need , in other words it is a product of society .
The case study on Cowan ( 1985 ) is a representative example of a failure of a product due to economic factors , in which an aggressively advertised product was preferred over the other that could be more advantageous .
Cowan ( 1985 ) discussed the two types of refrigerators developed , the electric refrigerator and the gas refrigerator .
The gas refrigerator should have been the preferred product since it provided several advantages but it turned out to be otherwise .
The extensive promotion of the electric refrigerator , whose research and development was funded by corporations , influenced the choice of consumers since the gas refrigerator was not widely promoted and made known to consumers .
Such cases are typical examples of how a technological invention is shaped by economic factors , in which the technology made available to the consumer was directed by earned profits of corporations instead of offering the one that benefits the consumer most .
One of the reasons behind such situations is probably due to corporations ' fear of losing their share of the market and thus suppressing new technology to minimize chances of it happening .
Another contributing factor of the success of invention will be the buying power of the consumer , which very much depends on the economic situation .
In times of economic recession , there is a lower tendency for consumers to purchase the more expensive refrigerator when both have the same primary functions that is to store up food at low temperature .
For that , the competition among corporations and the extent of price slashing they are willing to offer , such that they still earn considerable profit may help improve consumer 's acceptance of their product .
Therefore , it can be concluded that functionality may not be the only determining factor to the success of technology since it may not be the priority of consumer 's concern , but rather how the technology is commercialized and diffused to the public or society .
As such , technology nowadays needs not only to prove its functionality but also spend efforts in creating awareness since it is up to the consumers , who come in contact with many advertisements in their life and is eventually conditioned , to make decisions .
Due to the flourishing of construction industries over the years , construction industries worldwide consume resources equivalent to more than what nature is able to produce on Earth .
at this rate of consumption , our environment will not be able to supply us with sufficient resources years down the road .
In order to compensate and preserve the e , there is a need to implement a system whereby waste construction materials can be treated and re-used .
This implementation will help : protect the environment by controlling the amount of resources consumed ; reduce the cost of manufacturing and importing raw materials ; reduce the cost of construction ; andven maximise economic advantages .
Therefore , introducing the and reusing of construction waste materials is wise construction practice and ais beneficial to contractors , owners and communities .
Most of the discarded materials are actually valuable commodities ; such as concrete , wood , asphalt , metal and cardboard , and can be recycled into new products .
These materials make ? up to 80 percent of discarded materials .
In fact , recycling and reusing these materials can benefit the environment , the construction business and the economy
The process of recycling construction waste involves separating and reusing recoverable and useable waster construction materials during demolition .
The advantage of this treatment system is that it only produces low-cost recycled materials , it also produces new composite materials with better characteristics .
However , a considerations should be taken into account during the design process .
During the remodelling of buildings , most construction waste goes into landfillsl , hence the increasing burden on landfill loading .
This waste may be high in chemical content which results in water and soil pollution .
Whereas some can be recycled and re-used as similar material , others are reconstituted to other forms of usable materials .
Moreover , recycling which needs reprocessing may not be economically feasible because it requires a facility using recycled resources to be located near the source .
Thus , site separation is an important step for recycling construction waste .
Khandani ( 2005 ) described engineers as creators as well as problem solvers who invent and design .
He also stated that engineering design is a process of creative thinking , of turning ideas to physical products . IT it is also a system which is created by human effort and does not suddenly appear from nowhere . to fulfil the needs of humans and to help humans ? governments ? people ? solve the planet 's environmental problems. .
In fact , re-cycling waste construction materials is just the same , it is a technology used to support human needs for living by building infrastructures and helping to solve difficulties by cutting down the consumption of natural resources to save the Earth .
The world today is changing continuously causing it to face many global challenges and problems .
As a result , technologies are constantly being constantly developed in order to response to human needs .
an example of such a technology is the development of tomato- harvesting machines as an agricultural scientist at the University of California at Daris predicted that there will be a serious shortage of the labour in California ( Rogers , 2003 ) .
One example is the discovery of Penicillin by Sir Alexander Fleming when he realized the presence of an antibacterial agent while researching on influenza .
This lead to the birth of the Penicillin which is widely used as an antibiotic ( Mary Bellis , About.com ) .
Although the two technologies were created from a very different approach , both underwent the innovation-development process where the final product could be marketed .
According to Rogers ( 2003 ) , the innovative development process consists of all the decisions , activities , and their impacts that occur from recognition of a need or a problem through research , development , and commercialization of an innovation , up until the diffusion and adoption of the innovation by users .
For a technology that is deliberately invented , it generally requires a much longer time frame as compared to fortuitous discoveries .
This is because inventors have to generate multiple solutions to solve the problem identified .
Much research has to be prepared so that the best solution can be found .
In the case of the tomato harvesting machine , there are plenty of factors that need to be considered .
However in the case of the serendipitous discoveries , identifying a problem or need as well as selecting the best solutions are eliminated .
Hence the total time consumed is much shorter than compared to the technology developed through research .
However , no matter whether it is created intentionally or unintentionally , both require the ability to think creativity and innovatively as well as some coincidence and luck .
In the case of a deliberate technology , inventors must not restrict themselves to only one solution but expose themselves to the various possible solutions .
These solutions have to be analyzed and researched further until the best solution is found .
If luck is present with coincidence , the best solution will be generated in a shorter time .
similarly the person must have the ability to view things from a different perspective , have sufficient background knowledge about the serendipitous discoveries , and have some luck for serendipitous discoveries to take place .
Since fortuitous discovery often occurs while research is carried out in a totally unrelated field , scientists must be able to identify the technology that was come by accidentally .
In conclusion , the of inventing a new technology is to meet the needs of humans .
In addition , luck and coincidence must be present for the discovery to happen at the right time , right place and to the right person .
With all these factors , the time taken to develop a new technology will be shortened .
Rogers ( 2003 ) brought forward the idea that society is coming to a generation of innovation , which implies that innovation is gradually becoming the main task of various enterprises and scientific research .
In newspapers everyday , it is usual to find news regarding some business adopting a new technology .
However , the products in the market are not updating as fast as the innovation introduced to the public .
Firstly , the new technology must satisfy consumer needs needs .
Before the refrigerator was introduced to the mass market , there was a competition between two prototypes of refrigerator .
Furthermore , the gas type hardly has noise , which solves the most severe problem regarding noise ( Cowan , 1985 ) .
Because of these overwhelming advantages , people expected that gas refrigerators would dominate the consumer market .
The example of refrigerator competition shows that whether to adopt a new technologor not depends on social factors other than consumer needs .
To continue the previous example , the reason why the gas type lost in the competition is due to high research and development costs , thought electrical refrigerators would make more profit , so they invested large amounts of money into producing electrical refrigerators and developing the market .
The aggressive occupancy of the market compelled smaller companies which prefer producing gas refrigerators to give up .
Mostly , they will give reverse responses after considering different angles , but people can still make decisions based on the more crucial factor or the factor they are concerned with the most .
Apart from consumer needs and production costs , other factors like environmental problems , military demands and government regulations also affect the adoption of a new technology .
To sum up , in the generation of innovation , the development of technology is not just technologically decisive , but also more socially decisive .
When scientists or companies decide to adopt a new technology , social factors will directly affect their decisions .
A good technology without profit will not .
Hence , It can be concluded can conclude that social factors can determine the fortune of a new technology .
However , in recent years , this has been observed by an increasing number of droughts , dried-out wells , and unavoidably , a change in climate pattern across the globe .
The high demand for , and the misuse of water are increasing .
In the last few years , engineers have indeed innovatively managed and minimized water deficit in many countries by conveying solution ideas into engineering designed products and systems .
Throughout centuries , one of the most remarkable engineering structures or products to manage water has been the design of a large water storage tank , otherwise known as a dam .
As science and technology advanced , brilliant engineers began designing dams that were not only for flooding control and storing of water , but were to generate energy .
Some of the latest dams of our time can store water like a reservoir , prevent flooding occurrence , generate energy by means of water pressure ,
These are evident through Singapore 's 'Marina Barrage' .
Water treatment has largely been classified being engineering process which turns used-water into clean , acceptable water for end use , and sometime even drinkable water .
Dirty water is usually collected through piping systems from lakes , drains and household , and transported to a treatment plant .
Water transportation is made possible through engineered piping systems .
This process and system assist in the growing of crops in dry areas especially during periods of inadequate rainfall .
Engineers in recent years have been working creatively and innovatively to properly treat and manage water .
With advancements in technology , these are all made possible and there is even purified drinkable water treated from wastewater .
In certain countries , dried-out lands are even brought alive through water irrigation , where water is stored up somewhere and constantly transported through pipes to these lands .
Engineering products and system designs are not simply a design for aesthetical purposes , but also technologically meet some of the greatest human needs , water deficit .
From five aspects - discovery , creativeness , time taken , acceptance of the project by a and also from problem solving - we can see that there are similarities and differences in these two approaches .
The examples I am using for this essay on and development via research is 3M Post-it pads and Toshiba laptops respectively .
One of the well-known accidental inventions , according to E.M. Rogers ( 1950 ) , happened several decades ago , when a 3M researcher found a new bonding agent , but decided it was worthless because it did not stick paper very tightly to a surface .
This failure was converted into a successful product when a 3M researcher used the new bonding agent to create " Post-it " .
As for laptops which were via research , Mizoguchi foresaw that a portable personal computer could be invented when he visited the United States with an R&D team form Toshiba .
But for Mizoguchi , he set his target on developing a laptop .
However , both inventions required creative thinking in order to produce excellent products .
For serendipitous discovery , the time taken is considered short .
As it happens , producing a new bonding agent that did not stick paper tightly to a surface , which is not originally what the 3M researchers wanted , but was what one of the researchers used to create " Post-it " . This then became one of the most profitable products in 3M company .
Whereas , most developed technology via research took a long time because they needed to keep researching and trialing things out , if they failed , they would try again until it became an invention .
Nevertheless , both of the inventions required time and effort to create miracles in the world .
fourthly the difference between accidental invention and research to develop products is the problem ( that ) researchers are solving .
Last but not least , one of the major problems with serendipitous discovery is that it requires an extra step to get approval from a company in order to mass produce or even continue to do the project .
Be it serendipity or developed through research or inventions developed through research it benefits human lives .
This is made possible due to the innovations engineers have produced to improve the lives of mankind .
According to khandani , Khandani ( 2005 ) , engineering design consists of five steps : defining the problem , gathering information , brainstorming for solutions , selecting the best solution and finally the implementation of the solution .
This process requires certain skills from the engineer , such as creativity , the and to learn from failure .
In Singaporengapore , the local society and education system produces problems that hinder the usage of the engineering design process .
Learning is still heavily dependent on textbooks today .
Whether students learn or not depends on the outcome of major examinations such as GCE 'O ' and 'A ' levels .
These skills are critical to the two stages of the design process , but are lacking in locals due to the effect of the education system .
Another problem faced by Sngapore is society 's mindset .
Life in ingapore is highly competitive and fast paced , hence parents believe that their children must possess outstanding paper qualifications to survive .
Moreover , the majority of the locals are apathetic to their surroundings .
To be able to define a problem , the innovator must be observant enough to see the problem , and be bothered to do something to improve it , hence creating an innovation .
These skills are vital to the two stages of the process , therefore society 's mindset poses a problem to the design process .
If these problems are rectified , then Singapore will have more innovators , and hopefully more useful innovations to improve people 's lives .
This made electric cars more expensive than petrol-run cars .
Besides economic factors , government regulations and laws also played a part in shaping electric vehicles .
In addition , tax rebates and incentives added to the attractiveness of buying an electric vehicle .
These offers made by the government made these vehicles competitive against petroleum cars in price .
Therefore , it can be seen that the government 's involvement in promoting environmentally-friendly vehicles has affected how marketable electric vehicles are .
Moreover , psychological factors of owning an electric vehicle have affected the outcome of electric vehicles in the market .
A technical limitation of the electric vehicle is range of travel it can offer .
Although families who needed a car as a mode of transport did not usually need to travel for long distances , there is a psychological perception of having their freedom being restricted .
Hence , they will prefer a petroleum car which has the potential to allow them to travel farther .
In short , there are several factors that could have shaped electric vehicles .
However , there is a close relationship between the social factors and the technical challenges that electric vehicles face .
Hence , the recognition of electric vehicles by society could be affected by both social factors and challenges faced by the present technology of the electric vehicle .
Human needs and problems are the motivation for conceiving new ideas and designing new products .
In Singapore , and other countries next to the equator , air conditioners and electric fans have greatly contributed to people 's lives and people are able to enjoy cool and refreshing air on burning hot days .
In ancient times heat and humidity tortured people a lot .
Fans were generally made from leather or palm leaves sewed together .
It relieves discomfort in summer .
It was disturbing to shake a fan at work or during sleep .
After careful design and a hard process of trial and error , the first electric fan was created .
The advent of the electric fan was a great success and it was implemented around the world .
People 's needs were met by the air vortex flow which automatically .
As time went by , the electric fan seemed to be unsatisfactory .
It can not really cool the temperature and does not control humidity .
It proved to be effective in manipulating the heat and lowering humidity .
The air conditioner was so effective that despite its relatively high price , it was integrated into people 's lives and installed everywhere .
People feel more comfortable on hot days .
The design was initiated by people 's needs , and it ultimately met people 's needs .
More developed and enhanced functions will be added to improve people 's lives better and better .
Without it , our society could not have progressed , nor would our lives have become convenient .
According to Roster ( 2003 ) , technology innovation development is a process that with recognition of a problem or need , which arouses research and development activities designed to create an innovation to solve the problem or need .
As different countries have different ways of performing these stages .
So during the process , they encounter different obstacles , such as political issues , and financial issues .
In China , currently two factors that hamper the technology innovation process severely are the education system and the economic situation .
Firstly , the education system in China is imperfect in the way it educates engineers as it in someway hinders them from realizing their creativity and innovation .
University is an ideal place to cultivate engineers and to them for their future career .
Due to poor quality research facilities and the imperfect way of teaching , students can not gain enough skills to become a qualified engineer .
As a consequence , they can not successfully the innovation process .
Besides , the connection between universities , research institutions and the commercial sector is not close enough .
Moreover , more efforts are needed if they want to commercialize the product from their research .
Therefore , many issues that serve as anti-force are aroused during the innovation progress .
Besides education problems , the economic situation also produces barriers to the innovation process .
China is still a developing country , and with the boom in the economy , many problems have also arisen .
The mismatch between low levels of technological development on the one hand , and the enormous velocity of the catch-up process on the other makes companies unwilling to innovate on their own .
The main aim of entrepreneurs is to bring higher profits in a shorter time to their company .
Consequently , companies choose to import or imitate them from other countries instead of developing on their own .
In the year 2005 , foreign investment corporations accounted for more than half of China 's export , and research-intensive high value added products are still largely imported .
Compared with 30 million which the US government put in life science research , 0.25 million is really tiny ( Factors that hamper innovation in China , 2004 ) .
In addition , the economic situation and current circumstances , as well as financial problems also create barriers for innovation to take place .
These vectors hamper engineering design process significantly .
Hopefully , these problems can be eliminated in future and the situation can become better and better .
Look around and you will most probably notice people driving in their cars , talking on their phones or busy typing away on their personal computers .
The release of information is usually done by companies which want to flaunt their superiority over other similar companies competing in the same market .
New innovations contrived in skunkworks environments usually revolutionize the world and propel the company which invented it to new heights while that is not the case for conventional technology .
The invention of personal computers in IBM 's skunkworks completely changed the way in which the world operates , and made IBM the forerunner in computers , but the upgrading of the computers with ordinary technical knowledge did not really lead people onto a new path , instead it only resulted in the proliferation of many small computer-based companies .
Despite the differences , both technologies share some common traits .
Secondly products that emerge from both technologies can be used for a long time .
Using the previous examples , the P-80 jet was used for close to 30 years before being replaced completely , while the HIV vaccine may be in use forever if the vaccine undergoes successful research .
With rapid urbanization and the world population increasing into the future , housing may prove to be a challenging issue .
The main steps to consider in a good and proper housing system are affordability , durability and safe living conditions .
Hence the main solution to the problem of improper housing would be the reduction of housing costs without compromising on quality .
Building proper houses or flats usually requires a lot of finance .
On being unable to obtain a proper home , shanty houses are the next and only alternative that the homeless can approach .
Moreover , health dangers are prevalent when certain waste materials are used in the shelter construction according to the article , 'Give Me Shelter : The Global Housing Crisis , ' by Environmental Health Perspectives .
Furthermore , squatters in slums do not have proper sewer systems and a clean water sources .
Being aware of the rising problem the solutions needed for a better housing system can be identified .
Cost and labor friendly procedures for house and flat construction could be adapted for cheaper production .
After consolidating these solutions , their feasibility can then be measured by testing them a real society .
Upon successful implementation , The necessary adjustments or assessments based on the effectiveness of the solutions . can be made .
There are many other processes that can be applied to solve this issue , but an engineering design process is probably the best approach .
Since entering the 21st century , mankind has been with a growing number of challenges and threats .
Global warming is partly caused by the overuse of fossil fuels and the War in Iraq is mainly a result of the need for petroleum by the USA while the threat of China actually refers to China 's huge demands of resources including energy resources to satisfy the high-speed development of China .
Therefore , among all the current human needs , the need for energy , i should be given priority .
In meeting this need , engineering design processes plays an important role .
As we know , the storage and transportation of hydrogen have been two major factors that restrict the wide use of hydrogen .
Engineers need to find the right materials and design a suitable container for hydrogen so that it can be safely transported and stored .
In terms of solar energy , to improve the utilization and to reduce the cost of use is a problem left for engineers .
In China , millions of families have already used solar water heater for years , which saved amounts of electricity .
Otherwise , it would be an embarrassing situation that the saved energy can not pay the cost of solar panels , which would make solar energy .
In the process of exploiting fossil fuels , engineering design helps to find scientific methods to improve resource recovery and reduce resource wasting .
In addition , deep processing of fossil fuels also needs engineering design to improve the utilization of fossil fuels .
For example , during the process of exploiting oil , the byproducts like natural gas are often burned since it is hard to collect and store .
Lastly , , engineering design processes can help to reduce energy waste .
Engineers are trying to find a superconducting material that can work at room temperature to take place of traditional conducting materials .
Furthermore , energy- saving appliances designed by engineers have saved inestimable energy for the world .
In the coming years , human demand for energy will be increasing whereas renewable energy sources are decreasing .
Engineers have obligation to solve this problem .
With breakthroughs different domains in science , engineers should shoulder up the responsibility of making these breakthroughs available for people and therefore benefit humankind .
The survival of humanity in this century is heavily dependent on the role of Engineers and they should be prepared for potential threats and challenges .
In fact , usage of RFID on individuals causes more harm than good as it not only intrudes our privacy ( Channel 3000 , n.d. ) , but our security would also be compromised instead of being enhanced .
Similarly , an individual 's privacy such as 'habits and movements ' should also be kept unknown to the government ( Channel 3000 , n.d. ) .
Arguments have been put forth that the RFID tags on individuals could be programmed in such a way as to minimize information leakage .
Data generated from RFID tags of individuals could also be abused by the intended receivers such as surveillance officers ( BBC News , 2006 ) , adding on a whole new level of security breach .
Although a complete ban on RFID is impossible , its usage on individual tracking should be banned as it intrudes upon our privacy and compromises our security .
[ i ] The controversy was brought up when deciding if individuals have the final say to reveal such testing as genetic discrimination might surface when the results of such testing are made known to a third party .
Since genetic testing is beneficial , some governments have come up with legal procedures that would protect sufferers from genetic discrimination .
However , these laws are usually limited [ ii ] .
[ iii ] In addition , the accountability of such results is questionable considering that the result is often subject to interpretation or analysis .
Similarly , since the disease might not manifest itself even if one is tested positive , no one should have the right to reveal the results as it is difficult to verify the exactitude of the results .
RFID is a kind of surveillance technology which uses tags and readers to gather information about items attached with the tags .
While surveillance technology has contributed a lot to the society , it has also caused troubles such as privacy and security issues ( Anonymous 2007 ) .
Thus proper rules and regulations are needed for surveillance technology ; in other words , the use of surveillance technology should be banned in a certain degree .
Privacy issue is the one that most people are concerned about .
( Anonymous 2007 ) Moreover , it is very difficult to get rid of RFID tags as these chips are too thin and tiny to be found and disabled ( Surinder MB 2008 ) .
Hence , if the information is open to everyone , our safety in daily lives will not be ensured anymore .
However , people may argue that surveillance technology is introduced to help ensure security , and it indeed works very well in preventing crimes from occurring and in providing information for investigation .
In conclusion , surveillance technology should be banned to a certain extent to ensure that privacy is protected and the security issue is solved too .
As an emerging technology , genetic testing is getting more and more related to people 's life as it is being applied to predictions and diagnoses of diseases .
Since it could indicate the onset of diseases in the future , the results of genetic testing may tag a person with " having inherited defects " ( Buchanan , n.d. ) .Therefore , it has sparked a controversy over whether the individual requesting genetic testing should have the final say in whether to reveal the results .
Genetic testing creates tension within a family because it conveys people the information of getting ill and it also implies that other family members have the possibility of having the same defect genes ( Kahn,2000 ) .
Besides , it is disadvantageous for getting a job with results showing that an individual is genetically inferior .
In conclusion , the results of genetic testing do have big impacts upon people 's life in terms of emotional impacts and genetic discrimination .
Therefore , the individual requesting genetic testing should have the final say in whether to reveal the results , and this is also in agreement with protecting human rights .
Genetic testing is a kind of test which determines the vulnerabilities of an individual to inherit genetic disorders ( U.S National Library of Medicine , 2009 , para .
The results obtained from a genetic test can exclude an alleged genetic condition or help verify if a person is a carrier of a genetic disease or have a chance to develop a genetic disorder in future ( U.S National Library of Medicine , 2009 , para .
If the foetus is diagnosed with the mutation , the couple can then choose to terminate the pregnancy ( Norrgard , 2008 , Family Planning , para .
Furthermore , it is also unfair to the insurance companies if the individual with a genetic disease decides to buy life insurance policies without revealing that they have such genetic disorder .
This technology allows for more effective tracing of an individual through an instant identification approach .
The tracking of patients is particularly useful in the protection of infant babies , alzcheimer 's patients and others with special vulnerabilities ( Dr. Counse , n.d. ) It alerts the staff should the patient encounter a mishap or wander away .
The RFID wrist tags also code for information regarding the patient .
Important data such as the appropriate medication and meal requirements can be easily retrieved , thereby facilitating the job of the nurses .
It helps provide increased attention and care for the welfare of the patients .
RFID may revolutionize our society in future but at the very moment , it is still in its infant stage where its benefits have yet to warrant a widespread implementation while its disadvantages are insurmountable .
Secondly , RFID infringes on one 's privacy in the process of tracking the various information associated with that person ( Ahson , 2007a ) .
When these devices are used on items that cost only a few dollars , it makes one wonder whether one is paying for the item or for the delivery process .
Some may argue that at-risk relatives should be informed about their susceptibility to genetic diseases , so that they can take early precaution or seek appropriate treatment to the diseases .
Surveillance technology has brought us many applications in many areas of our life .
First of all , RFID has played an important role in preventing crimes .
From the security 's point of view , RFID can provide more precise and complete information on suspects or criminals , which results in the reduction in time and manpower for an investigation .
In other words , when combined with the " intelligent video security system using image process " technology which can " detect unexpected movement or unusual behavior that can pose a threat to people , property and infrastructure " , RFID will be able to prevent many potential risks from criminals or dire threat like terrorism ( Focus Group Meeting on Technology Convergence , 2008 ) .
RFID can also protect the Homeland security of a country from many threats when it is used on its own .
When travelers cross a border of a country , if they have " an RFID-enabled border crossing document " , the Border Protection Office or Immigration Office can collect identification and citizenship information of travelers and then rapidly determine if they are threats to the country or not , based on the world-wide security information system shared by many Governments ( Use of Radio Frequency Identification ( RFID ) Technology for Border Crossings , 2008 ) .
Another key application of RFID is that RFID helps to improve the healthcare sector .
The wristband with embedded transponder which can be seen in many hospitals all over the world is designed basically based on RFID technology .
Thus , it can warn the management system of the hospital if an unauthorized person tries to break into a restricted area or a patient tries to leave the medical centre ( RFID in hospitals , retrieved from the Internet ) .
For instance , it is more safe now for patients who have mental diseases if they are lost , because they are being tracked all the time in the hospital under the surveillance system like RFID .
However , others argue that RFID technology has infringed upon privacy rights of human beings .
They claim that information from RFID devices can be approached by a third party and RFID can be used to track individuals illegally if the technology is well-known ( Postnote from Parliamentary Office of Science and technology , 2004 ) .
Restricted uses and laws have been applied to RFID technology ; hence , the information of individuals can only be seen by authorized people legally with a positive purpose .
And the fact is that most people will choose safety and security between security and privacy .
To conclude , it is indisputable that the advantages of surveillance technology outweigh the negative effects .
In conclusion , surveillance technology such as RFID should not be banned because it not only improves security system for people and country but also enhances the healthcare sector .
The first reason is related to the patient 's family who may share the risk of inheriting the genetic defects if one of the family 's members is diagnosed with a dominant genetic disease ( Norrgard , 2008 ) .
It is very unfair for his or her family if the result is not disclosed to them . Moreover , if the disease can begin to show any symptom only when it is in the final stage , then the life of the person may be at danger .
For instance , a couple diagnosed with SMA * may think of alternative ways of having children for example by IVF * * .
However , as argued before , everybody 's genes may be linked to their relatives ' genes , so it is possible for the relatives particularly their siblings to inherit the same defective gene .
Others reason for instance in the medical insurance case that it is unfair to charge an individual with genetic defects at a higher rate since the defects are not what they want ( Norrgard , 2008 ) .
But again , if they are charged at the same rate with normal people then they are being unfair to others and the insurance company since the treatment fee for genetic diseases is high .
To conclude , the individual requesting for genetic testing should not have the final say as it is unfair to the medical insurance company and the person 's relatives who may also be at risk of inheriting the same genetic defects .
Since the attack on the London Underground on July 2005 , surveillance technology has generated a lot of attention after it was used to track the movements of the terrorists responsible for the attack .
Reports and articles have shown that the use of surveillance technology to track people can be beneficial to us , particularly in the healthcare and crime prevention sectors and in the enhancement of security .
If a patient suddenly collapses in her room and there is no one to alert the nurse , it will probably take one or more hours for her to be saved when the nurse goes around to check on the patients .
By that time , the patient 's life would be in danger and this would most probably bring about dire consequences such as death .
Not only that , if indeed a crime happens , the prison guards will be able to investigate and know who the culprit is .
Thirdly , surveillance technology can also be used to keep track of our children and prevent kidnapping .
In conclusion , surveillance technology should not be banned to track people as it can not only save life but also improve the healthcare sector while enhancing the security of our society .
The main issue pertaining to this is that when an individual chooses not to disclose the result of the genetic testing , it is actually unfair to and has adverse impacts on both his family and his employer .
The result of the genetic testing concerns parties other than the individual alone , and therefore , the individual requesting genetic testing should not have the final say on whether or not the results should be revealed to others .
Firstly , when an individual is tested to be positive for genetic disorder , he would often be reluctant to share the result with others , even his closest kin .
This is unjust to the family members as they have also the possibility of suffering from the genetic disorder .
They should thus be notified so that they would be able to do the necessary family planning , especially if the individual carries a mutation that may result in a fatal genetic disorder ( { http : //www.nature.com } [ HYPERLINK : http : //www.nature.com ] , 2008 ) .
The importance of sharing the information with family members is recognized , as even during the pretest genetic counseling session , an individual would be advised to share the result with them ( { www.ons.org } [ HYPERLINK : http : //www.ons.org ] , 2009 ) .
Due to the negative consequences of allowing individuals to make the about whether or not to reveal their genetic test results , they should therefore not be given the right to have the final say in the matter .
Secondly , given the choice of not revealing one 's genetic testing result , an individual is likely to , more often than not , choose not to do so to his employer .
This action would have an adverse impact on the company .
If , during the course of employment , the individual 's welfare and safety was being threatened by the work that he was doing , the company would be held liable , despite being ignorant about the dangers that he was vulnerable to ( { http : //www.law.duke.edu } [ HYPERLINK : http : //www.law.duke.edu ] , 2002 ) .
Furthermore , when the individual develops the genetically linked disease , efficiency of work will be reduced , and yet the company would incur additional costs related to problems that arise from having a sick employer ( { http : //www.law.duke.edu } [ HYPERLINK : http : //www.law.duke.edu ] , 2002 ) .
This furthermore supports the stand that the individual requesting for genetic testing should not have the final say in revealing the result of such testing .
In conclusion , due to the negative consequences for both his family and his employer , individual should not have the power to decide whether or not to reveal the result of his genetic test .
With the test , people are able to understand the conditions of the diseases caused by mutated genes inherited from their parents .
This helps to improve their lives .
However , there is also an ethical dilemma and various social issues that accompany it .
In the light of these problems , people who have done the test should have the right to keep their genetic test result from others .
One reason for revealing the result to family members is that the result is not only applicable to the individual but also to his family members , as they may also have inherited the disease .
However , even though the individual may have the responsibility to inform the others about the possibility of them inheriting the genes , he should have the right to decide whether or not to tell .
This is because the result will create psychological distress and harm , which affect or worsen one 's health ( U.S. National Institutes of Health ) .
When family members find out about the test and the possibility of them having the genes , their stress level would increase and their health would be affected .
Moreover , the test result may be faulty and some people carrying the gene never develop the disease .
Thus , revealing the result would only cause a burden to them .
Individuals who have taken the test may face discrimination ( Karen Norrgard , 2008 ) .
For instance , insurance companies may use the information to raise premiums or to deny the person insurance .
Furthermore , the testing only gives the percentage and not the definitive results .
In making the test result known to others , one may have to face others ' judgements throughout one 's life .
In conclusion , people should have the right to restrict others from knowing the result of their genetic test as psychological and social issues make great impacts on people 's lives .
Radio frequency identification ( RFID ) is an example of a surveillance technology used commonly for identification and tracking purposes .
The market for such a device is growing very quickly due to its affordable price and widespread use ( Sieberg D , 2006 ) .
However , there are also several problems arising from the use of RFID .
Most concerns revolve around the fact that RFID invades one 's privacy and violates human rights when it is used for tracking people .
It becomes impossible to know or detect the presence of an RFID tag since it can be read a distance away from the individual ( DiLorenzo , 2008 ) .
Companies which specialise in RFID tags may pass the information obtained from the RFID tags to any buyer if the government does not intervene or control such access .
However , the use of RFID can have undesirable effects on our body because radio waves from RFID are mutagenic and they are harmful when patients are exposed to them in large quantities .
In conclusion , we should prohibit the use of RFID tags on individuals without consent as it violates individuals ' privacy and affects their health .
A lot of surveillance technologies have been invented and developed .
One of them is RFID ( Radio Frequency Identification ) which has been used widely throughout the world , even to track people .
Yet there are many debates on such tracking concerning ethical and moral issues .
Some argue that RFID tracking has bad effects on human life but in reality the tracking gives many advantages to humans .
There are two significant benefits of RFID in tracking people .
Firstly , RFID enables accuracy in medical contexts ( Roberti , 2007 ) .
This tracking also gives access to the patient 's medical information more accurately such as the temperature of the patient and whether the patient is allergic to some medicines . Secondly , RFID increases the security of workers in the workplace ( Mehdizadeh , 2007 ) .
By implanting an RFID in a device worn by a worker , a company can monitor the safety of its workers especially those working in more risky areas like oil exploration sites and mines .
tracking the location of workers helps to confirm that " the right worker is at the right place " ( Mehdizadeh , 2007 ) .
Opponents of people tracking using RFID say that the tracking the important privacy of the people tracked and abuses personal information by unauthorised individuals ( Tan & Li , 2008 ) .
However , the using of RFID to track would only be implemented after obtaining the agreement of the patients and workers affected .
In addition , the RFID technology nowadays come with a high level of security to ensure that the confidentiality of the tracked person ( Tan & Li , 2008 ) .
It has also been said that the implanting of RFID in the human body may cause electromagnetic disturbance in the body ( Roberti , 2007 ) .
However , this effect has not been proved and so far there has not been any issue regarding this disturbance .
In conclusion , RFID tracking should not be banned as it does not infringe the privacy of people and gives advantages in many aspects in human life .
Genetic testing is a development in science that enables early detection of genetic diseases ( Anonymous , 2005 ) .
There is often a concern about whether an individual should reveal his genetic test result as it may bring about several impacts on the individual and on third parties .
Therefore , the individual should bear in mind the consequences of revealing his genetic test results and decide whether to reveal the results or not .
Revealing of an individual 's genetic test results may impact the individual as well as his family members .
Firstly , revealing of such results may cause the individual to be discriminated against ( Norrgard , 2008 ) .
Secondly , it may create psychological distress in family members if the genetic test results were to be revealed .
As genetic diseases can be inherited among family members , anxiety and fear of inheriting the genetic diseases that the individual has been diagnosed with will be created .
Therefore , the individual should have the final say in disclosing his genetic results as doing so may bring about several negative impacts .
However , some may argue that revealing of the genetic test results of an individual would protect the individual 's family members .
Indeed , early knowledge of the risk of developing genetic diseases might help family members to take preventive measures to reduce the onset of such diseases .
However , one should not forget that once the genetic result of the individual is disclosed , it might be difficult for the individual to integrate into the society as he may be discriminated against .
There will be benefits to other parties but adverse implications for the individual .
Therefore , the individual requesting a genetic test should have the final say on whether or not to reveal his test results .
In conclusion , revealing of test results may bring about several impacts on the individual as well as on third parties .
Hence , the individual should bear in mind the impacts that may arise and decide if he should reveal such results .
Genetic testing is a process that diagnoses an individual 's diseases based on their genes through biochemical measurements .
Since it , it has received as much criticism as compliments because of the risk of infringing on the tested individual 's privacy .
There are many controversies about whether individuals have the right to decide whether or not to disclose their results .
I am inclined toward recognising the right of individuals to decide whether or not to reveal their genetic test outcome outcome .
Publicizing an individual 's result can bring about big impacts on them , such as having to face discrimination by their families , .
Therefore , the tested individual should have the right to decide whether to disclose his results to others .
Genetic testing predicts an individual 's inherent risks developing a genetic disease .
Depending on the seriousness of the disease , the individual decides whether or not to reveal his diagnosis .
Sometimes , if his family and relatives know about his result , they may start to change their behaviour towards the individual .
Since moral support is indispensable to , it will evidently cause depression in the individual and exacerbate the individual 's chance of developing the disease .
There is also another noticeable problem , which is that the individual might not even want to worry his whole family .
For example , some African American workers , in the early 1970s , who had the genetic mutation associated with sickle-cell anemia were denied insurance coverage or charged higher premiums ( Andrews , 1987 ) .
Moreover , forcing the individual to publicize his result could bring about a new caste system where people are grouped according to their genome .
This group of people may have their rights denied them as they belong to the lower class .
Would this not be simply a more sophisticated kind of discrimination ?
In conclusion , due to the serious impact on one 's life , we should let the individual decide whether or not to reveal genetic results .
It allows a person to know if he has a genetic disorder .
Some may feel that the revelation of the results may be viewed as invading the tested individual 's privacy , while in fact not revealing the results can be seen as being irresponsible .
There are family members , friends and employers .
Thus , due to the implications of a positive genetic test result for many other people , the tested individual should not have the final say on whether to reveal his genetic test result or nor .
An individual who wishes to start a family with his spouse should reveal his testing result .
Marriage and having children are not just between the couple ; it also involves the two families of the couple .
Some people are carriers of genetic disorders they have the genes even if they do not show the disease themselves ( Genetic Testing n.d. ) .
Thus , the unborn child may have the chance to get the disorder from his parents .
It is hence the responsibility of individuals who are carriers of a genetic risk to tell their family members the possible outcome of the unborn child .
Some argue that revealing the test result will attract discrimination such as being viewed as an outcast of the society .
For instance , they may be denied insurance due to their disorder .
However , revealing the result can be seen .
They can make sure that their workers with genetic disorders are not exposed to any environment that may agitate their illnesses ( Andre , C. , & Velasquez , M. n.d. ) .
However , this can only be done if individuals reveal their testing result .
In conclusion , individuals should not have the final say on whether to reveal their genetic test results as any disorder that they may be found with will affect their family and revealing the result will allow their employer to provide them a safe working environment .
Advances in genetic testing allow one to detect the presence of abnormal genes which could cause genetic disorders .
This has brought about many debates on whether the individual who undergoes genetic testing should have the final say in revealing the results .
While some proponents suggest that this involves the privacy of the individual who undergoes the genetic testing , the test results might also have adverse effects on those who are closely related to that person .
Firstly , an individual with positive genetic test results has no right to keep the test results to himself .
He needs to inform his wife in order for them both make wise decisions if they were to start a family ( When Do Doctors Recommend Genetic Testing ? , n.d. ) .
For instance , they need to discuss whether the disorder can be prevented from being passed on to the next by them not having children .
Hence , affects not only the person with the genetic disease , but also his life partner .
Many critics claim that individuals with positive genetic test results should have the right not to reveal their test results to potential employers .
They argue that the job applicants should not be discriminated against just because of the positive genetic test result ( Andre and Velasquez , n.d. ) .
Employers can use the information acquired from genetic testing to ensure that their employees are not exposed to environmental agents that might cause them to have an increased risk for genetic disorders .
This can ultimately lead to the reduction of work-days lost .
In conclusion , the individual requesting for genetic test should not have the final say in disclosing his test result as it affects not only him alone but also his family and employer .
Nowadays , the development of technology has been progressing rapidly .
An instance of such development is genetic testing .
On one hand , it is very useful for diagnosing many kinds of genetic disease .
IOn the other hand , it is a dilemma .
I strongly feel that such people should not have the final say and
they should n't have the right not to disclose their genetic testing results .
First and foremost , a carrier of a known genetic risk should tell his prospective spouse or fiancee about his genetic testing result because some people who have abnormal genes inherited from their parents do n't have observable symptoms of the disease but will have a 50 : 50 chance of passing on the disease to their children ( Genetic Testing , 2007 ) .
By informing their spouse early , they can take before planning to have children .
The second reason is an obligation to tell his employer about his genetic condition .
Some people may argue that it is unfair to use genetic tests in the recruitment of employees because it is treating people discriminatively based on a fixed characteristic ( Andre , Velasquez , n.d. ) .
However , the main purpose of employment genetic screening is to make sure that the job is safe and does not cause complications or any bad effects for potential employees prone to having certain diseases .
The last reason concerns the sake of people around him .
Carriers of genetic risks perceive a strong sense of responsibility to share information about their genetic condition with others ( Loescher , Crist , Siaki , 2009 ) .
To sum up , anyone who is suffering from a genetic disease or is a carrierr of the disease should not have the final say in whether to reveal or to hide information about his disease .
Instead , it should be a must for him to disclose his disease to his spouse to save their baby from inheriting the disease , to his employer to make sure that his job is for him and to all people around him to fulfil his sense of responsibility .
Revealing his genetic testing result will be beneficial to himself , his employer , his family and all the people around him .
Therefore , the use of RFID to track people should be banned as it would bring about negative impacts on the society .
Firstly , it will impinge on privacy and security .
Such private information may also be accessed by other parties as the RFID can be decoded and may be subjected to viral threats ( DiLorenzo , 2008 ) .
Criminals may have access to such information and this may put our life in danger as these criminals can easily harm us once they know our exact location .
Animal studies on these RFID microchips suggest that RFID implantation in humans may result in cancer ( Paddock , 2007 ) .
Proponents of using RFID to track people argue that such usage of RFID is important in the medical field as it helps to monitor patients ' health and enables the immediate retrieval of patients ' information ( Paddock , 2007 ) .
As such , patients ' medical information may leak out , which in turn may result in social discrimination against and loss of health care coverage for for these patients .
Medical information stored in the RFID may also be altered by hackers and this would lead to error in diagnoses ( Sieberg , 2006 ) .
In conclusion , the use of RFID to track people should be banned as it will cause invasion of privacy , security breaches as well as health problems when RFID chips are implanted into individuals .
However , critics have been quick to point out that this is an intrusion of privacy and are calling for it to be banned .
However , I believe that the benefits of RFID used in tracking people far outweigh the 'uncertain ' disadvantages and thus it should not be banned .
Firstly , RFID has been seen as a solution for tracking medical patients .
This is to ensure " improved continuity and coordination of care " ( Roberti 2007 ) and to reduce the possibilities of " adverse drug events and other medical errors " ( Roberti 2007 ) .
the integration of both RFID and Global Positioning System ( GPS ) is used to locate workers during emergencies .
RFID can also verify if the worker has the right to access certain areas and use certain machineries .
However , critics have been quick to identify the " unauthorised reading and changing of RFID data " ( Tan and Li 2008 ) as an encroachment of privacy .
However , there have been measures put in place such as the usage of " Authentication " ( Tan and Li 2008 ) to identify .
This prevents " counterfeiting behaviours " and helps to " control access to label contents " ( Tan and Li 2008 ) .
Detractors have also argued that " RFID may cause electromagnetic interference " ( Roberti 2007 ) , exposing the user to the dangers of magnetic interference .
Nevertheless , , there has not been a formal report confirming that worry .
In conclusion , I believe that the usage of RFID in tracking humans should not be banned as the advantages of its usage outweigh its disadvantages .
And I have absolute trust in scientists to iron out the flaws to make RFID truly the " perfect " solution to the limitations of many existing technologies .
Genetic testing is used to examine the genes of a patient or a latent patient , in order to find out the causes of some diseases .
However , with the application of genetic testing , some problems are revealed gradually , such as whether patients should tell their families about their testing results .
In fact , everyone has to be responsible for the health of his or her family and himself or herself , hence , the individual requesting genetic testing should not have the final say in whether to reveal the testing results ; these results should be made known to their relatives .
If the person does not tell his family about the test results , his family members would not know their health deficiencies and would not tell their doctors .
In this case , the person 's family members likely suffer from such diseases and will miss early diagnosis .
For example , if a man 's genetic testing results indicated some pathogenic genes but he got married with a woman without telling her about these results , the woman might feel that she has been cheated after she knew the truth because she did not want to marry a man with gene deficiency .
In addition , if they already have children and their children also have such pathogenic genes through heredity , who should be responsible for these children 's health problems ?
A genetic test is a test which uses laboratory techniques to determine whether an individual has a genetic disease or may get the disease
Thus , the individual who requests genetic testing should not have the final say in whether to reveal the results of the test for his own sake and that of his family members .
Firstly , a couple who is planning to get married and one of them or a close relative has an inherited disease , is advised to take up genetic testing .
The result of such a genetic test affects not only the individual but also affects his family and his fiance .
Both sides of family members should have the right to know the result and to be able to take preventive and treatment measures .
Furthermore , if the couple is planning to give birth but one of them has a positive result from such testing , they can discuss with their close family members whether to have a baby or not .
Thus , it is not right for an individual taking such a test to keep the result as a secret .
Furthermore , in my opinion , employers have the right to know such a result to ensure that their prospective or current employees are not placed in environments that might be hazardous to them and also can react immediately if something happens ( Claire Andre and Manuel Velasquez , n.d. ) .
If the individual has the final say to decide whether to reveal the result , it is unfair for his close family and also people who are related to him if the individual decides to keep the result to him .
Others argue that it is unfair for the individual as the result is a kind of confidential information .
However , by not disclosing such a result , the consequences are serious .
The risk of giving birth to a child with an inherited genetic disease is high and also endangers the individual by exposing himself to a work environment that may be hazardous to his health .
In conclusion , the individual requesting genetic testing should not have the final say in whether or not to reveal the results of such testing for his own sake , that of and also his employer .
A genetic test is defined as an assessment of a person 's genes to determine the probablitity of inheriting abnormalities or diseases which he may pass down to future generations .
Thus , many will say the results must also be made known to his relatives even without his consent .
However , one should have the right to decide for himself whether he should reveal his results to a third party e.g .
It is obvious that everyone has the right to ensure his or her privacy , as these are what make us different from animals .
Thus , as fellow Homo Sapiens , each has the right to decide for himself .
Proponents may argue that doctors should also release genetic testing results to relatives as these may also involve them .
However , it would be ridiculous for relatives to know that they might also face this particular genetic disease in the future from the individual 's results since everyone has a unique genome unless they are twins .
And also even if two individuals are somehow blood related , the probability of them inheriting the same particular genetic disorder is different .
When one is denied of the right to his or her own privacy , the consequences are definitely undesirable .
Some of the implications may be in the case of an insurance where some are overcharged according to the results .
For instance , " during the early 1970s , a number of African Americans who were known to be carriers for the mutation associated with sickle-cell anemia were denied insurance coverage or charged higher premiums " ( Andrews , 1987 ) . This clearly shows what had happened when the privacy of the results is not ensured .
This situation could have been avoided if the individual could decide for himself , as he would be able to weigh the pros and cons better since it concerns his life .
In conclusion , there could be some laws passed down to settle all these ethical issues .
Ultimately , it still does not solve the root of these problems and unforeseen situations in the future .
Therefore , rights should be given to the individual to decide for himself , as the decisions made will be impactful and irreversible .
The development and advances in surveillance technology such as Radio Frequency Identification ( RFID ) have made it possible to track anyone , anything , any place , anytime .
Although some argue that the use of RFID to track people brings benefits , it exposes one 's privacy to criminals , which is against human rights and perhaps , threatens one 's health .
Thus , the use of RFID to track people should be banned .
By using RFID technology , one 's personal information , purchased goods and whereabouts can be tracked easily by private corporations or governments ( DiLorenzo 2008 ) .
Although some argue that RFID technology that stores one 's information in RFID such as credit card or identity card provides great convenience , it creates chances for criminals as well .
Health concerns are also related to the use of RFID to track people .
Some companies have implanted RFID microchips in their staff to track their locations and information .
Furthermore , if the microchips react with a strong electrical or magnetic field , the implant could be destroyed and cause serious burns .
For example , an employer might choose not to hire or to fire someone if he is to find out that the person has a certain disease such as cancer or Huntington disease ( Maxwell & Mehlman , 1999 ) .
Another social consequence would be when individuals are discriminated against in health coverage based on their genetic make-up .
While it may be difficult even for the individual to accept the results of the test , sharing the news with his or her relatives and friends may be the larger concern .
While some may feel that it is the moral obligation of the individual to inform his immediate family members of positive results of inheritable diseases such as cancer or HD , since they too may inherit the disease , I feel that there is no need for such an action as the result is after all private and confidential .
Also , certain genetic tests such as the test for disorders of sexual development are a very private matter .
In conclusion , the final say on whether or not to reveal the results of such testing should always lie on the individual who has requested the test .
Besides ethical implications , medical implications such as accuracy of test results are also concerns the general public has about the issue .
Therefore , with these concerns , it is important that the individual requesting genetic testing should have the final say in whether or not to reveal the results of such testing .
Firstly , privacy is one of the worries one will have while considering whether or not to carry out genetic testing .
Furthermore , health care providers might also reveal the person 's genetic status to concerned family members which in turn might weaken our confidence in the providers
( Holtzman , 1996 ) . Secondly , information from genetic testing of individuals with genetic susceptibilities is used by employers and insurance companies to deny them employment as well as to grant lower insurance coverage .
This is generally known as discrimination
( Holtzman , 1996 ) . With reference to a survey conducted by Georgetown University , out of 332 families with genetic susceptibilities , " 22 % reported they had been refused health insurance , and 13 % had been fired from their jobs based on their perceived genetic risks
" ( Of Genes and Pink Slips : Genetic Testing Goes to Work , 2005 ) . Until now , not many laws have been passed down to protect the rights of people with higher genetic risks .
Alternatively , companies should allocate another job which is more suitable and does not put the employee at risk
( Holtzman , 1996 ) . This way , both parties benefit and there is no unfair discrimination .
In conclusion , individuals requesting genetic testing should have the final say in whether or not to reveal the results of such testing to protect oneself from discrimination and invasion of privacy .
Nowadays , genetic testing has generated ethical and moral issues .
One of them is about the privacy and confidentiality of the individual who undergoes genetic testing , whether he or she should reveal the results of the testing to third parties or not .
While it is true that people 's individual rights should be respected , if others can be saved through revelation of testing results , then it should be done .
The reason why most people want to protect their privacy concerning genetic information is because they fear discrimination .
They fear that they would denied insurance or that their policies are canceled ( Mehmaln,1999 ) . In fact , this fear is groundless because in truth several laws at the federal and state levels help protect people from genetic discrimination .
With the approval of GINA ( Genetic Information Nondiscrimination Act ) in May 2008 , they do not have to worry anymore .
There are several advantages in revealing the results of genetic testing to third parties .
If genetic testing is revealed to relatives and they end up having the same disease , they could be saved by preventing the disease to develop further .
Another thing is people 's life is obviously more important than privacy , especially if it is one 's loved ones .
Therefore , it is encouraged to reveal the results of genetic testing , especially to relatives .
In conclusion , the individual undergoing genetic testing should not have the final say in whether to reveal the results of such testing as he or she is protected by the laws against discrimination and also because other people 's life could be saved .
Surveillance technology on the public have been an issue for a long time .
Privacy has been commonly used to outweigh concerns for safety and security .
Surveillance technology should not be banned .
By allowing proper usage of surveillance technology , one could increase the level of security and safekeeping in a country as well as improve work efficiency at the workplace .
As reported in the news last year , West Virginia decided to use video surveillance technology on its highways to help find missing children ( Stump , 2008 , p.1 ) which resulted in one hundred percent recovery of these children ( Stump , 2008 , p.2 ) .
Moreover , it can also help improve work efficiency at the workplace , more commonly in office work settings .
The cubicles allow employees to do things unrelated to work and employers are unable to push employees to get the work done when the latter spend more than half the time using the facilities available for their own indulgence .
Thus , by setting up electronic surveillance to keep track of employees ' usage of facilities , the employees will become more 'aware ' of their situation and start taking their jobs more seriously , improving work efficiency ( Heathfield , n.d. , p.1 ) .
Genetic testing is a medical test used to diagnose the disorder in the genome of a person and determine if this mutation can cause a specific disease .
With the development of ability to test for genetic disorder , an emerging problem that has been " the subject of significant debate within the bioethics community " ( Mehlman , 1999 , para.5 ) is the privacy of genetic information .
Generally , the problem is that genetic information should not be disclosed against people 's privacy .
The choice to undergo genetic testing of an individual is personal . However , before deciding to undergo the test , the patient has to face the fear that his testing result may be disclosed and used against his welfare .
The patients ' concerns are their employment and insurance because it is usually difficult for them to obtain these if their genetic information is revealed .
Another case is in sports , where there are situations of birth defect " disorders of sexual development " ( Borenstein , 2009 , para.1 ) .
Some athletes only found out their defects when they were given genetic testing before a competition ; they were banned from the competition and this information then would be all public .
To protect the welfare of patients with genetic problems , their genetic information should not be disclosed over their objection or even without their permission .
But in fact , some argue that revealing this information can protect some third parties from harm , for example , enable the avoidance of inherited disorder .
In conclusion , until these laws are enacted , not revealing such information without patients ' consent and using other method like alias testing are better choices .
Monitoring employees at workplaces and installing video cameras at public places such as banks , stores or restaurants are two of the debatable issues today .
Whereas advocates of such surveillance technologies emphasize on the benefits such as to promote work efficiency and secure communal settings , opponents strike back by stating intensified concerns related to individual privacy .
Firstly , the monitoring system at the workplace indeed effectively drives employees to perform better .
Meanwhile , surveillance on lax supervisors may evidently verify their incompetence ( Heathfield , n.d ) ,
for example , , mutual surveillance guarantees active working environments , as well as brings high productivity and huge profits to employers .
Secondly , as Mr. Gray , Mayor of Lancaster , states , the use of surveillance technologies plays a utilitarian role in public security and detection of criminals ( Gray , 2009 ) .
Sometimes criminals will be deterred if they are aware of hidden surveillance .
Concerns with privacy might be crucial to constructing regulations on implementation , However , the solutions are abundant thus the banning of surveillance technology is utterly unnecessary .
To illustrate , companies shall not be allowed to monitor phone calls which are business related ( Heathfield , n.d. ) .
Simultaneously , safeguards should be ensured so as not to reveal any information obtained through surveillance ; strict penalties should be enforced on those who fail to preserve privacy ( Gray , 2009 ) .
To sum up , surveillance technology should not be banned as its usefulness in the workplace and enhancement of public safety make it an indispensable tool in today 's world .
In the past , surveillance was conducted through human to human tracking .
With advances in technology , surveillance nowadays is aided by equipment such as closed-circuit TV ( CCTV ) , camera , voice recorder and RFID ( radio frequency identification ) .
This has brought about debates on ethical and moral issues with regard to the usage of surveillance technology especially RFID .
While not compromising the benefits it brings , the ethical and moral issues regarding surveillance technology far outweigh the benefits it brings .
They are visual , audio and data surveillance
While it may have its advantages of being able to record down the scene of the location it is allocated , the issue on privacy and effectiveness sets in .
CCTV is installed at homes and offices for employers to check on their employees namely the maids at home and the workers in the office .
This causes employees to have low morale during work , and thus reduces work efficiency when the aim of the CCTV is otherwise .
This is also a human rights issue as it has invaded a person 's privacy ( Bogonikolos , 1999 ) .
It can be used to track down humans , pets and equipment ( Getz , 2009 ) .
It has raised privacy issues as not everyone is willing to let others know of his or her whereabouts .
Therefore , surveillance technology should be banned .
The individual requesting genetic testing should have the final say on whether to reveal the results of such testing .
With current technological advancements in genetics , there are many genetic tests available for the public , from testing for inheritance diseases to terminal illnesses .
The individual should be given the choice , as the emotional hurt from the media release of these ividual .
Firstly , the emotional hurt from the world wide release of the individual 's genetic information be .
Given the outreach of the mass media , reports of genetic disorder of an individual could be known to the world in minutes .
However , many of these genetic disorders are until , inherited and incurable .
Nowadays , as the technology develops , individuals have more approaches to such tests .
When they are informed of the potential risk of the mutation that could lead to a genetic disease that is also hereditary , they can undergo their own genetic tests in order to determine the extent of the mutation risk as soon as possible .
If they are positive , they can undertake a further diagnostic procedure to determine whether any physical symptom will developg .
Secondly , when the result of a particular genetic test is beneficial to the whole society , researchers have the right to disclose the outcome outcome .
As we know , scientists all over the world are working together to make people 's lives better by studying the genome of human and other organisms .
Sometimes discovering an insignificant phenomenon or test results and it can really make a breakthrough .
On the contrary , the results should be shared among scientists and researchers for the whole world 's sake .
In conclusion , individuals who request genetic testing should not have the final say in revealing the results for two major reasons : protecting their blood relatives from genetic disorders and helping the whole society for genetic researchs .
Advances in technology have made surveillance technology very common nowadays .
Surveillance technology is the electronic equipment used to monitor the behavior and activities , usually of people without their permission .
Arguments on banning the use of surveillance technology has been going on for years .
The use of surveillance technology should not be banned because it is useful in ensuring public safety and monitoring workplace in a company .
Employees might seem to be surfing the web for business purposes at all times , but what they are actually doing is personal business such as online banking , shopping and chatting .
The cameras have the function of identifying , detecting and recording vehicles ' number , suspects ' actions and illegal organizations ' .
These help the police to solve cases , especially criminal and traffic cases , in the shortest time .
However , monitoring can take place under suitable circumstances and to an appropriate extent .
However , this only applies to those minority groups spending most of the time online doing personal things and not meeting the company 's goals .
Usage of surveillance technology has no impact on those focusing on work and doing the right thing ( Heathfield , n.d. , p.2 ) .
In conclusion , the use of surveillance technology should not be banned as it benefits us in public security and also in business efficiency .
Development and advancement in the field of genetic research has challenged the scientists and the public on a wide range of issues especially issues relating to ethicall concerns .
Therefore , the result of genetic testing should be revealed without the consent of the person who requested it .
Firstly , result of genetic testing should be fully disclosed as it enables a third party to get treatment or prevention before the condition worsens ( Maxwell & Mehlman , 1999 ) .
The decision to reveal a genetic test result such as that for breast cancer would help early detection and treatment .
However , Science Daily ( 2008 ) notes that Genetic Information Nondiscrimination Act ( GINA ) has been approved to forbid an insurance company from discriminating through reduced coverage or pricing and prohibits employers from making adverse employment decisions in order to encourage more people to undergo genetic tests , which could save lives in the long run .
Under this circumstance , the final say of revealing the result should lie with the physician , who has a better understanding on the patient 's condition .
Although the general agreement seems that disclosure of testing result should not override the patient 's objection , this would be an exception if it is to protect a third party to avoid other serious consequences ( Mehlman & Maxwell , 1999 ) .
In conclusion , the result of genetic testing should be revealed without the consent of the person who requested it as this would not only enable a third party to get early prevention or treatment but also help others to make life decisions .
Genetic testing is able to analyze whether a subject is likely to develop or inherit a particular genetic disease .
But are they able to inform the family members to safeguard their personal health and yet not breach the issues of confidentiality and privacy ?
My stand is as long as disclosure has no serious social/ethical consequences , the subject will have the final say .
In the increasing debate on genetic testing , there are three issues which have caused concerns in the society .
Firstly , the ethical aspect of privacy and confidentiality need to be preserved .
If privacy and confidentiality are breached , family members and third parties ' may acquire test results of no welfare to the subject ( Mehlmanm , 1999 , The Privacy of Genetic Information , para .
Secondly , social aspects of genetic discrimination have made subjects reconsider genetic testing testing as the information might be used against them . ( Norrgard , 2008 , Genetic Testing and Privacy Concerns , para 1 ) .
Third parties like employers may sack their employees , or insurers may reject an insurance application if they came to be aware of the results .
Genetic discrimination have placed privacy and confidentiality in jeopardy , because subjects have no control over their genetic makeup .
Last , but not least are family issues as people may have to change their life-style , reproductive decisions , seek medical prevention or treatment .
According to an article ( Mehlmanm , 1999 , The Privacy of Genetic Information ) , using Alias testing , particular information can remaining anonymous .
Anonymity allows subjects to have the final decision to reveal the test results to their family or even third parties parties , so privacy and confidentiality are not violated .
A regulatory framework such as Genetic Information Nondiscrimination Act has ensured genetic discrimination is legislated .
By imposing a law , people feel safer when undergoing genetic testing testing as it is the deciding factor to disclose their genetic results to family members or third party under their obligations .
Advances in technology and reduced costs in chip production have led to the proliferation of surveillance technology such as Radio Frequency Identification ( RFID ) to track people .
While the use of this seemingly intrusive technology is shrouded in concerns over privacy , morality and health issues , its benefits benefits,
both current and latent latent,
One pivoting reason why RFID should not be banned is its application to augment public and national security .
With proper regulation and use , RFID tagging may , on the contrary to many arguments , ensure greater freedom and privacy for the person implanted with RFID .
Genetic testing has , however , raised ethical concerns like whether the individual requesting genetic testing should have the final say on whether to reveal the results of such testing ( Chris and Bryn 2002 ) .
There are severe consequences if the results are not handled and communicated properly by third parties .
However , it is very likely that employers will use the results to discriminate against employeess based on unfounded perceptions of health risks and possible future disabilities ( Chris and Bryn 2002 ) ( Neil and Ronald 2006 ) .
Likewise , insurance companies may make use of the results to charge a higher premium or not provide insurance because of possible chances of high medical bills in the future ( Chris and Bryn 2002 ) ( Neil and Ronald 2006 ) .
Doctors have to adhere to medical ethics , namely , they are required to respect the confidentiality of the patients ( Thirumoorthy 2009 ) .
Both the Hippocratic Oath and International Code of Ethics states that without the prior consent from the patient doctors are not allowed to disclose any information which he has obtained ( Thirumoorthy 2009 ) .
There are also considerations like age and maturity ( Gillian , Denise and Bartha 2009 ) .
In conclusion , the individual requesting genetic testing should have the final say on whether to reveal the results of genetic testing .
RFID is a chip that has a small antenna to transmit a vast amount of information from a human 's body to a computer using a scanner ( Sade , 2007 , p. 1 ) .
When a patient goes to the hospital , his medical records which are already stored in a RFID tag can be immediately traced using the RFID scanner .
In doing so , waiting time could be greatly minimized and many more innocent lives will be saved .
Secondly , implanting RFID tags into ex-offenders aids the authorities in monitoring their activities .
This helps to save innocent lives and reduce crime in the country .
Technological advances have brought along pros and cons ever since it entered our daily lives .
Furthermore monitoring ex- criminals will not only forbid them from committing crimes again , but more importantly , allow the public to have a peace of mind employing them , subsequently making them feel accepted by the society .
Secondly , time saved on retrieving essential information of patients during an emergency could be put into treating the patients ( http : //www.verichipcorp.com ) .
Therefore , the RFID technology can improve our healthcare system 's efficiency .
Expediting the cracking of criminal cases is another point why surveillance technology should not be banned .
Tracking is defined as locating the whereabouts of a person and the identification of personal information .
This is supported by statistics done by correctional institutions which show that cases of violence decreased by 65 percent when the RFID system was introduced ( Casciato 2008 ) .
The storage of key medical records and information in a radio-transmitting chip will cut down time spent on rregistration , thus , allowing patients to receive prompt treatment .
In times of emergency key information such as blood type and allergy could be retrieved in an instant by scanning the chip , and the most appropriate treatment can be decided in the shortest possible time .
This can prove to be vital in saving a person 's life .
With the use of RFID to locate a victim , it will allow the authorities to capture the people behind such activities and provide a solution to the problem of human trafficking .
RFID has always been a double-edged sword . It may bring us some benefits . However , it has broughtt us even more disadvantages such as invasion of privacy and abuse of technology .
Therefore , the use of surveillance technology for tracking people should be banned .
RFID can be easily exploited by third parties .
RFID tags can be easily put on one 's clothing so information could be easily available to marketers , government agencies and criminals .
Therefore , all our information is at the trackers ' fingertip and this may include all our particulars-name , gender , photograph etc. For example
the Bush administration announced that all passports in US will be embedded with RFID ( McCullagh & Broache , 2005 ) .
Although privacy issues are addressed by some security measures , it was criticized by computer engineers as their security levels are not advanced enough .
Furthermore , technically speaking RFID would track everyone before detecting a minority group of terrorists , hence efficiency of RFID is low .
However , the research in this field is still in its infancy
Furthermore , some research has shown RFID computer chips may be linked to cancer , based on animal studies .
In all , RFID should be banned as it not only invades our privacy but may impose serious risk to our body .
With the advancement in science and technology , potential diseases become predictable nowadays .
For instance , a ten year-old child could undergo genetic testing and predict the risk of getting Huntingdon 's disease in middle age .
Since the disclosure might bring negative effects to the individual 's family and induce discrimination in employment as well as the purchase of insurance , I would like to agree with the statement of having the right to decide the revealing of genetic test result .
section , ) .
This is obvious and could be imagined that when the individual discloses the information to his brother who is doing preparation for the A-level final examination , for example , the latter would be overwhelmed with stress whereby affecting his performance during the examination .
Discrimination in employment and insurance is another reason an individual should possess the right of disclosing genetic result .
Admittedly , employers and insurers would always make a decision that benefits their cooperation .
As a result , once everyone is deprived of deciding to keep their information of genetic testing unknown , people who are tested positive would be discriminated against
Is n't this unjust for those who have tested positive ?
While some may argue that doctors should reveal the result as it may directly affect a third party , we should still look into the concerns individuals have , such as the loss of employment and insurance after the results are made known , their rights to privacy and medical confidentiality and family considerations .
Firstly , all individuals should have the right to make decisions that will affect their future .
Some claim that the results of genetic testing belong to the the person , therefore whether to reveal them should depend on the individual himself .
Thus , the individual requesting genetic testing should not have the final say on whether to reveal the results of such thing .
There are two reasons as to why the individual should not have the final say on whether to reveal the results .
Firstly , it leads to a difficult situation for the experts to explore and conduct further study on genetic research .
As genetic results are precious resources for gene technology development , the decision can only be made by the person . This puts genetic researchers in an awkward position for they can not use the information without his or her consent .
( Klein , 2008 , p. 6 ) Moreover , scientific research showed that the majority of public surveillance camera reduces crime merely to a slight degree which failed to overweigh annual equivalent cost .
In fact , large amounts of government grants on surveillance technology implementation can be alternatively invested on issues of greater importance namely eradication of poverty , famine and diseases control .
This is a very good evidence to show that the surveillance technology is becoming more and more widespread in current society , especially in healthcare
Usually these procedures which require the patients to suffer quite a lot and need much effort from the attendants .
By planting this device in their body , we can detect where they are in case some urgent diseases break out .
It was reported that during the September 11 terrorist attacks , fire fighters wrote their names on their arms for fear that they would be unidentified by their family members if they were disfigured .
Nonetheless , it is more persuasive to believe that surveillance technology helps in the tracking of properties and improvements in medical care .
Thus , the RFID technology started to materialize and propagate in public which caused commotions pertaining to privacy and ethical issues raised from the use of such technology .
Albeit the risk of privacy invasion , RFID tags are potential devices which do benefit humans if executed under strict regulations .
But with RFID tags , their children can remain safe and sound by lowering the cases of injury or loss of devices which can be detected straightaway if such situations happen .
The tagging system is also a measure to deter the problems of having Alzheimer patients lost wandering in other places or patients collapsing outside of hospital area .
Hence , with such surveillance technology , the risk of patients getting injured while getting lost outside can be reduced to a minimum .
Nonetheless , the generalization of certain simple surveillance technologies causes their existence everywhere .
Since most couples in this competitive era have their own business or enterprise , home surveillance is is installed installed in order to guard their residence .
In conclusion , the effects of surveillance technology surrounding us is based on both major and minor premises , which are privacy and right of freedom of individuals , as well as the psychological condition .
In conclusion , the use of surveillance technology would be constructive in many aspects of our daily life as the benefits far outweigh the societal concerns .
For decades , people have been debating whether the use of surveillance technology should be bbanned . They.. .
privacy ( Stanley...2003 ) . However , imagine what would happen if we shut down all the surveillance technology in thcountry . Banks will.. .
The purpose of using surveillance technology is to maintain social stability and to protect us and our assets . Hence , ... should not be banned .
In the 20th century , the best weapons against terrorism are no longer bullets and bombs because the focus is to prevent criminal activities before it happenhappens . Hence , ...nformation is the key .
A patient with this disease can be easily disoriented , hence , causing them to lose their way .
( Wong , Jun10 2009 ) The use of surveillance technology can help the patient 's family members to locate him/ her and bring him/ her home safely .
Although the use of surveillance technology will raise ethical concerns , to obtain important information that might save thousands of lives , there is no choice but to do it .
By tracking a suspect 's whereabouts or on his or her conversation , we might be invading on his or her privaprivacy . However , ... if we can prevent another September 11 incident from re- occurring , I believe everyone would agree to it .
In conclusion , we can impose a law and limit the use of surveillance technology but we can not ban it .
In light of this ubiquitous and accessible availability of genetic testing , many have started to question the problems that are associated with the results .
The question now is whether an individual should decide whether to release the results to others or that the results be revealed regardless of his approval .
There is evidence that the latter proved more beneficial to both the patient and others around him .
Patients with positive test results will be susceptible to physical and emotional stress and thus will need support from theiroved ones .
Genetic testing is the examination of the fundamental human genetic information , so as to assess an individual 's risk of contracting diseases .
From the employers ' point of view , these individuals would likely take medical leave often to seek treatment , and could be lower in productivity .
Technological advances have eased the carrying out of surveillance activities .
However , the same technology can also be used to track people and steal private information .
Firstly , it is said that it actually enables identity thieves , stalkers and other criminals to commit " contactless " crimes against victims who will not immediately know they 've been violated ( Consumer Watchdog , 2009 ) .
Nowadays electronic information from consumers is " collected , compiled and sold " ( Consumer Watchdog , 2009 ) without reasonable safeguards and therefore posing a threat to the exposure of private matters of consumers that may lead to abuse of such information for certain benefits or intentions .
In conclusion , surveillance technology should be banned as it not only intrudes privacy but also poses a risk to personal security .
While surveillance has been a part of society since the widespread Cabinet Noir splinter ( Encyclopedia Britannica , 1911 ) of the postal organisation during Louis XIII reign , only recent development in technology has made it possible for the intrusion into the private lives of individuals on such a massive scale specifically with regards to the wide scale tracking of movement .
The application of tracking technology has spurred heated debates from both public and private sectors .
Behavioural advertising , on the other hand , has invaded the individual 's right to safeguard their personal information and browsing habits .
The web users who have been targeted by the adversarial companies have lost all meaningful control ( Report on Consumer Watchdog ; Consumer and Privacy Groups Urge Congress to Enact Consumer Privacy Guarantees , 2009 ) over the use of their personal data which is often shared with third parties for financial gain without the victim 's consent .
Surveillance technology , even when well intentioned , has been proven to have too many potential pitfalls to be ignored .
Genetic tests are laboratory techniques used to determine whether a person has the probability of getting a genetic disorder .
Individuals should maintain their rights in whether to reveal the results of such testing so that they can protect themselves from genetic discrimination .
Thus , to protect themselves from genetic discrimination , individuals should maintain their rights in having the final say whether to reveal the results of genetic testing .
Because of the potential discrimination that individuals could face due to their results of genetic testing , many choose not to take the test .
Even with the improvement of the technologies related to genetic diseases , these individuals are denied the opportunities to prevent , or even treat the genetic disease that could be present .
If the results of genetic testing are to be forcefully revealed , fewer people will be willing to even go for the test .
In conclusion , .
One of the advancements in technology would be surveillance technology .
The concerns for safety and security have increased the extent of use of the surveillance systems .
Despite the proper usage of surveillance technology , there is a widespread abuse of the technology by some criminal organizations .
Surveillance technology has been used as a tool for illegitimate activities which in turn threatens public safety and security .
Additionally , it has been concluded that the use of RFID has no benefit on the achievement of national security , but it resulted in an increment in risk of personal privacy and security ( Lewan , 2009 ) .
Hence , the use of RFID should be discontinued .
The misuse of surveillance technology not only invades users ' privacy but also increases the risk to personal and national security .
Genetic testing allows early detection of diseases , which may be useful to mankind .
First , we will discuss the relationship between employees and their employer 's organisation .
There is tension between employees and employers regarding genetic testing .
If genetic testing indicates susceptibility of an employee to diseases , there is a chance that the employer will dismiss the employee .
This is supported by the fact that most people with disabilities or diseases are discriminated against .
Opponents to this position may argue that such results should be revealed to protect the employer from an employee who is vulnerable to illness .
However , the primary basis of employment should be work performance and efficiency , rather than on genetic testing .
Hence , individuals should have the final say to protect them from that may harm them .
Critics of this position claim that insurers will also be at a disadvantage if such results are not revealed to them .
Genetic testing is a test performed to allow genetic diagnosis of inherited diseases .
Not only so , genetic testing ( fingerprinting ) is also used to determine the child 's paternity .
[ 1 ] Genetic testing does have many advantages in today 's society .
In the society today , many have debated whether we really have the right to have the final say whether to reveal the results of the testing as many will think that it will lead to many ethical and social issues .
Or is it that it is a must to reveal it due to reality and we , individuals do not have the final say to reveal our testing to the public .
In my opinion , in the high technology society we are living in , we do not have the final say in revealing of our genetic results to the public .
Companies do have the right to know the genetic testing results of an individual who is applying for the job offered by them .
For example , if one has inherited genetic disease like muscle dystrophy , it will be dangerous for them to work in the construction site .
Accidents might occur and it may also result in death .
Although many have debated that this is discrimination as companies may not employ those who have inherited diseases , but companies do have the right to choose employees with concern for their profits and the safety of others .
Individuals that may inherit genetic diseases should not choose jobs that are beyond their reach .
A spouse does have the right to know the family disease of their partner .
If a couple is planning to have a child , it is best for them to go through genetic counseling if the parents are carriers of genetic disease [ 2 ] .
It will be unfair if the one kept the truth from their spouse .
It is a must to declare it and thus individuals do not have the final say in revealing of their genetic results to the third party .
The education sector does have the right to know the genetic testing of their students .
Those with genetic diseases like mental retardation and Down syndrome are asked to be enrolled in schools like MINDS and bright sparks .
Some may debate that this is a form of discrimination and violates the human rights of these children .
However , according to the American Association for mental retardation AAMR [ 3 ] , revealing of genetic testing results is not a form of discrimination but it is to be fair to those children with these genetic diseases as the children will be enrolled into the school that provides a better environment for them to study in .
Hence individuals do not have the final say in revealing of their genetic results to the public .
All in all , in my opinion , in the high technology society we are living in , we do not have the final say in revealing of our genetic results to the public .
It may not be a disadvantage and can even benefit many people based on the points mentioned above .
Thus individuals requesting genetic testing do not have the final say in whether to reveal the results of such testing .
However , due to the improper exploitation of it , surveillance technology has become more detrimental than beneficial .
Intrusion of privacy and upsetting of the various balances in society are concerns people are increasingly worried about .
( Easton , 2006 ) Identity theft is flagrant and many more will suffer from financial losses .
Moreover , as RFID technology becomes increasingly popular with the retailers , privacy of consumers is again compromised .
Furthermore , surveillance technology has created many and upsets in the balance of our society .
With regards to RFID , usage mentioned earlier will reduce the variety of products available in stores because retailers will only consider the better selling items .
Therefore , with all the worrisome disadvantages surveillance technology will bring , we ought to ban it .
It makes privacy lose its meaning and is unhealthy for our society .
With the revelation of human 's DNA structure by Watson and Crick in 1953 , it shows that there will be a totally new science and engineering related subject being brought to the world , which is genetic engineering .
By utilizing the sophisticated technology tools , together with the perseverance of researchers , many genetics related approaches have been made possible .
One of the noted breakthroughs is genetic testing .
However , the advent of genetic testing does not bring unanimous consent from the public .
There are uproars regarding the moral and ethical issues which cloud the topic of genetic testing from time to time .
Some think that the individual requesting genetic testing should have the final say in disclosure of the results .
Therefore , the siblings must know it so that treatment could be administered as soon as possible .
The general practitioner , who is the one they are consulting and also experienced in handling this kind of case , definitely has the final say to make a more rational decision for them .
After that , parents who request genetic testing for their children must provide the genetic information of their children to school authorities for the enrollment .
In fact , there is one of the federal laws that has been applied to genetics nondiscrimination which is Genetic Information Nondiscrimination Act of 2008 ( GINA ) .
On the other hand , individuals are responsible to inform employers about their genetic conditions so that a better and safer working environment could be provided .
Indeed , research teams should have a direct access to the genetic results so that the further genetic sequence on DNA could be unmasked in a faster pace .
Ultimately , individuals requesting genetic testing should not have the final say in disclosure of their results .
This is because individual is less capable of making a suitable decision .
Hence , by having a requirement to reveal the genetic results , rational decisions will often be made to the benefit of the individual as a group discussion always comes up with fruitful conclusion .
Unfortunately , there is support and opposition among the public for the disclosure of the result of genetic testing , .
In that situation , who will be the one who holds the right to do it ?
On one hand , some people think that the individual who requests it has the final say for the disclosure .
On the other hand , others reason that the genetic inheritance is something that is quite crucial ; thus it should be discussed with the family first before reaching the final decision .Therefore , the final say does not only depend on one person but also his relatives .
First , by doing genetic testing , people may be able to discover their genetic disease early .
For instance , a man who actually has Huntington 's disease takes the genetic testing one day and finds out the truth about his condition .
( American Society of Clinical Oncology , 2006 ) Due to the broader effects that may be present , people should discuss with their family first before deciding on something .
Second , some people argue that genetic testing is a private and sensitive issue .
Therefore , it is understandable that he should have the final say to reveal the result or withhold it ( Wertz , 2001 ) .
However , in reality , the result of genetic testing is so important and could give impact to all his family as it may comprise information about hereditary disease .
In conclusion , the result of genetic testing that informs us about our hereditary disease will not only affect us as individuals but also our family .
Therefore , the final say should not be with the individual but the whole family .
Its general purpose is to check if one has the potential to develop certain genetic diseases .
However , this has brought about many debates on ethical issues in society .
Some argued that individuals who have requested the genetic testing should have the final say about revealing their test results so as to preserve individual 's rights .
However , this will have a negative impact on society .
Employers are able to help their workers by making it compulsory for the latter to reveal their genetic test results. .
However , one must be reminded that there are many occupations that required the employees to work in hazardous environments and their welfare can be protected through the revelation of genetic test results .
For example , people with the thalassemia gene will be at risk if they were exposed to lead ( The Markkula Center for Applied Ethics ) .
By getting employees to reveal their genetic test results , employers can determine if the job applicant is suitable for the job and therefore assign them to a job environment that will not have any exposure to lead .
On the other hand , it will be disastrous if a soldier who has the genetic traits of Dissociative identity disorder ( DID ) were to be deployed in the field .
In another example , a colour-blind pilot has caused the crash of a FedEx plane in Florida , USA . This can be prevented if he were to undergo genetic testing and the results were revealed to the company. .
Thus , individuals should not be given the final say about revealing their genetic test results .
Giving insurance companies the final say about revealing genetic test results can prove to be beneficial .
Many may think that the insurance companies used the test results as excuses to deny them from claiming or even buying certain medical policies .
These are just myths because proponents of the federal legislation would outlaw the acts
) However , insurance companies have the rights to judge if the declarations of the clients are truthful by comparing them with the test results .
Moreover , many insurance companies used the test results to encourage the clients to buy certain policies that can maximize their benefits .
By revealing the results will benefit the majority .
After September 11 2001 , surveillance became important as it is one of the tools to prevent terrorism .
This then brings about the debates on whether surveillance technology should be banned This is because surveillance could provide security , and it could also invade our privacy and disturb the society .
In my view , surveillance technology should be banned as the disadvantages clearly outweigh the advantages .
Surveillance technology could be used to track people 's movements , lifestyles and habits unknowingly ( Hariton , Lawford and Palihapitiya , 2006 ) .
Furthermore , this information is not only available to the owner of surveillance technology , it might also be available to affiliated people or people who bought the information ( Easton , 2006 ) .
Hence , our privacy is being invaded as our very personal information is being known by a lot of people .
The economy gap between the rich and the poor will be wider ( Monahan , 2006 ) as the rich is able to purchase information and use it to their advantage , This enables the rich to make more money than the poor .
Some might argue that surveillance technology should not be banned as it provides security .
With surveillance technology , terrorists could be more easily identified . Surveillance technology also prevents people from committing crime as they know they are being watched ( Easton , 2006 ) .
In fact , it might bring additional work to the security force as they now have to take care of minor issue captured by the surveillance technology ( Monahan , 2006 ) , and this may cause them to overlook the real threat to our security .
In conclusion , surveillance technology should be banned as it invades our privacy and disturbs the society
The past two decades have brought about huge technological advances in the areas of nano-engineering and information systems .
With the help of modern technology , humans are able to create increasingly efficient devices which are able to store relevant personal information or to trace one 's location .
The use of sophisticated personnel tracking devices has long been an ethical quagmire , with people holding polarizing views debating if surveillance technology can be allowed to track people .
This allows discovery of new evidences through observation of the suspects ; and to prove if one is innocent or guilty .
This argument is flawed , as there is no concrete evidence showing the existence of such crimes .
The argument also blatantly ignored the fact that there are additional measures being taken to preventing such crimes .
Opponents also claim that the government will be able to use such devices to monitor , instil fear , and ultimately control the users ( Lewan , 2009 ) .
In conclusion , tracking devices should be allowed in tracking people , as it is able to change human lives for the better , and it may even prevent or reduce crime rates .
A controversy on the benefits of the surveillance technology and the effects of the surveillance technology has been aroused .
Nonetheless , the use of it has brought along significant benefits and therefore it should not be banned .
There are two main benefits that the use of surveillance technology has brought .
This system really benefits the Alzheimer 's patient who are often lost due to their degrading memories .
The GPS tracking device helps in the investigation of crimes .
Terrorists are under the tracking of the system as when they are being traced . Immediate actions will be taken by the authorities .
This technology fights terrorism to make the world a safer place. .
It benefits not only the individual but the whole world .
Law enforcement agencies are able to identify terrorists and put a stop to their plans .
Recent happenings show that a number of terrorist plots have ceased because of surveillance technology ( Michael & Rose , 2007 , p. 8 ) .
It consequently helps to prevent major catastrophes , which involve the loss of human lives ( Michael & Rose , 2007 , p.8 ) .
Besides that , surveillance technology also enables the tracking of criminals who are on the run , and even kidnappers .
Critics argue that such surveillance technology is able to track an individual on a regular basis , thus there is a compromise of one 's privacy ( Michael & Rose , 2007 , p. 2 ) .
However , this unfounded argument is not adequate to outlaw the use of human tracking technology .
Jacques Ellul noted that " to be sure of apprehending criminals , it is necessary that everyone be supervised " ( Lyon , as cited in Michael & Rose , 2007 , p. 20 ) .
In conclusion , the use of surveillance technology to track people should not be banned as it helps to prevent terrorism and crimes .
Consequently , an agreement should be reached between the privacy advocates and law enforcement agencies on the degree of control in surveillance . This is because innocent citizens have the rights to live in secured environment without facing erosions of their human rights and privacy .
For instance , genetic information that falls into the hands of insurers and employers without the consent of individuals will be used to prejudice against the tested individual .
This misunderstanding not only creates unnecessary psychological , economic as well as social burdens on the carrier of a known genetic risk , but may also affect family ties. .
A couple with a positively tested disease has to sacrifice their dream of having children if they do not wish to pass on their defective genes to their offspring .
As such , the couple suffers in silence , having to face the social stigma of not having children and having their dreams of building their families shattered .
Moreover , the in-laws , usually the more traditional type , may be dissatisfied with the daughter-in-law for not being able to produce a 'perfect ' offspring , or being unable to produce any offspring at all , to sustain the future generation of a family .
In conclusion , the patient of genetic testing should have the final say in revealing the results .
Until proper steps such as enactment and reinforcement of laws are taken by the governments , genetic information of individuals should be kept private and confidential to avoid exploitation by unscrupulous parties and also to avoid the disintegration of family relations .
Genetic testing includes special techniques to examine the information carried by DNA which are held in the sequence of pieces of DNA called genes .
An individual can prevent some diseases or get the appropriate treatment for the diseases after getting the results of genetic testing .
However , if the result of the test can be easily assessed by a third party , a lot of problems will occur .
Therefore , the patient should have the right to decide whether he or she wants to reveal the results of the genetic tests .
The privacy and confidentiality of a person will be affected by revealing his or her undesirable genetic testing results .
Misconstruing the results of genetic testing will affect an individual 's self identity and sense of self-worth .
Besides , the individuals will feel embarrassed of their potential weakness if they get undesirable genetic testing results .
They will have no confidence while socializing with other people and this is due to their low self-esteem after getting the result . Hence , they may underestimate their own ability in certain field .
This issue will strongly affect the relationship between employees and employers .
Generally , all of these genetic results will be revealed to the employer and if the employer knows that some of the employees are prone to certain diseases , it is likely that the employees will be fired .
This is because people with disabilities are often being discriminated against .
These people have to look for other alternatives to earn a living .
Hence , results should not be revealed to protect employees from environments that might harm them .
Another difficulty involves the disclosure of genetic information to insurance companies .
In conclusion , genetic testing results are a matter that should be kept private for the benefits of the patient and should only be released under certain extreme circumstances. .
Genetics plays a role in every disease .
Genetic testing informs individuals and families of their genetic status ; this knowledge may enable them to take adaptive measures against a genetic disease ( Jacobs , & Deatrick , 1999 ) , if the disease is treatable .
However , as technology advances , exploitation of genetic testing increases , resulting in the breach of human rights of privacy .
Removing individual 's control over the results will in turn lead to freely accessible genetic information , which may cause social problems and family dilemma .
The sharing of personal genetic result is akin to being exposed to public scrutiny. .
It is undeniable that one is morally obliged to inform the relatives of the patients about the genetic test results .
However , one has the rights to confidentiality and decision on what information to reveal and how to disclose it .
Moreover , relatives , being the recipients of the bad news should have their choice whether to remain ignorant .
Therefore , one has the rights to one 's genetic privacy .
Secondly , being able to access one 's genetic information will reveal the list of diseases one is susceptible to , and the one who possesses the information may have an ulterior interest .
For example , potential employers may want their interviewees screened to determine if they carry the ideal genes for the job . ; insurance companies may deny or increase their premium for carriers of certain genetic disorder ( Bereano , 2000 ) .
However , one would not be able to determine their preparedness for such information .
It may cause not only unnecessary distress and anxiety to relatives , but will also unravel family secrets ; namely adoptions and parentage ( Doukas , & Berg , 2001 ) .
Thus , it is still up to the discretion of individuals to go for genetic testing if they are at high risk .
Therefore , individuals who have requested for genetic testing should have the final say in whether to reveal the results of such testing .
Genetic testing has made it possible to identify individuals who are at risk of having a disease , and to test the probability of them passing on a disease to their offspring .
This is because these results will affect not only the individual , but also his family , offspring , the future generations and even the society .
Research has shown that individuals tend to keep risk information to themselves ( Forrest , 2000 ) . But the disease could be due to hereditary genes . The individual 's family , offspring , and offspring of the family members might also inherit the disease .
If individuals do not have the final say in revealing genetic test results , their family members will know their condition , and they can be more sensitive to the individual 's feelings , such as giving them better support and encouragement .
It will also benefit the individual as governments will be able to come up with anti-discrimination acts to protect their rights . Governments may also educate the public so as to minimize genetic discrimination , and build infrastructures and prepare medical teams to provide them with proper care .
People need to collect intelligence about a situation before they can act against it ; and this has led to the increasing employment of surveillance technology .
However , since surveillance technology can help to identify problems , a solution or preventive measure can be formulated to prevent these problems from occurring , and this in turn lead to the protection of people 's health and the country 's socio-economic stability .
Hence , the use of such surveillance technology to track people should not be banned .
Firstly , the use of biometric surveillance in the form of a biometric passport will make it more difficult for terrorists to travel in and out of different countries , due to increasing passport security and border surveillance .
Not being able to track terrorist movements could allow terrorists to enter a country and possibly carry out a terrorist attack ; and it also makes it easier for them to escape .
Another possibility of using surveillance technology is during disease outbreaks , such as the Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome ( SARS ) outbreak in 2002 .
Contact tracing and quarantine procedures would normally take two days with the previous method ; and it was also more taxing on manpower
Some people would not support the use of surveillance technology as it is an intrusion to their privacy . There is a fear that personal information could be stolen and used against their interests .
However , citizens should understand that surveillance technology was developed as a tool to help society ; but it is the exploitation of people with criminal intent , or more often , the use of surveillance technology without careful consideration that makes surveillance technology harmful ( Sim , 2006 ) .
This has brought about a wild debate on the banning of the use of surveillance technology to track the movement of people .
Next , those who were under home quarantine during the SARS period were instructed to install a camera in their isolation zone to make sure that they are always visible and contactable , to prevent further spread of the disease .
Also , the use of infrared fever sensing system in Changi airport and along borders allows mass surveillance of body temperature , which can detect and isolate feverish passengers
Through the use of the permission-based location tracking service , which is provided by our local telecommunication provider , SingTel , the location of our loved ones can be detected readily by this new surveillance technology
This is very useful for families with young juveniles and aging parents because their location could be tracked easily if they are lost in the crowd and thus this may prevent them from any possible harm they may encounter .
Some suggest that revealing of genetic results could benefit family members as they could seek appropriate medical treatment if tested positive
( Jacobs & Deatrick 1999 . However , negative implications such as violation of privacy , long- termed psychological and sociological effects inflicted on the , outweigh the . Therefore individuals should have the final say in whether to reveal their genetic results or not .
Firstly , an individual should not be robbed of his basic right to privacy .
Although , it can not be denied that it is ethical to inform family members about their risk of hereditary , one does not have any obligation to reveal their genetic status since this information could be exploited and misused by others thus threatening their welfare
Thus , they should have the right to decide either to disclose their genetic information or not and also to what extent they want to publicize it .
Secondly , revelation of one 's genetic status subjects the individual to many social issues related to genetic discrimination
( Bereano , 2000 . For instance , insurance companies would reduce healthcare coverage , increase health premiums or terminate the health insurance policies for individuals with potential genetic risk
( Bereano , 2000 . Furthermore , discrimination imposed by employers and colleagues could influence an individual 's self- esteem and psychological well-being .
Lastly , family dilemma could arise due to the tension caused by the unfavorable psychological influences of genetic testing
Since every individual has a different level of acceptance , disclosure of genetic results could cause them to experience unnecessary emotional distress
In conclusion , individuals should have the privacy to determine whether to reveal their genetic results or not since it not only inflicts emotional distress on their family but also subjects them to social discrimination .
Since the advantages of surveillance technology far outweighs the disadvantages , it should not be banned .
Private surveillance of individuals restricts their movements and helps to prevent the spread of a pandemic in the country . This was especially seen during the SARS crisis back in 2003 .
( , 2003 ) .
Probationers are also tagged for better control on their whereabouts .
Furthermore , loved ones can also be tracked , with Singtel 's Location Tracking Service ( , 2008 ) .
DBS Bank has in place security surveillance systems that regularly " monitor and detect any potential form of illegitimate activities " ( , 2007 ) .
As genetic testing is making rapid progress on providing information on the hidden DNAs which might cause diseases , the techniques have also aroused a large amount of heated debates on the ethical and moral issues surrounding the control of final say of the testing .
First of all , the individual has the right to determine whether or not it is necessary to make the genetic testing results public .
Although it can not be denied that the other family members to some extent also have the right to know whether they share the same suspected genes as the tested , they can choose to test their genes by themselves , rather than to depend on other people 's testing results .
If one 's privacy can not be protected so that the result might be made use of on any purpose , the human rights are endangered and hence this decision should be made by the individual requesting the genetic testing .
For instance , insurance companies can require the testing result before signing for a contact with a client who may be potential carriers of diseases .
Despite taking the risks of catching a disease , the client should own the right to buy the insurance .
Thus the individual should have the right to decide whether to reveal the result , considering his own benefits .
To conclude , the one who requests genetic testing should have the final right to determine whether this result should be made public or not .
Over the years , advances in science and technology has empowered surveillance technology by introducing many forms and magnifying the scope of surveillance .
Privacy is a fundamental fundamental human right and we have the right to lead our lives without public surveillance .
In Britain , there are 4.2 million CCTV cameras on the streets , about one for every 14 citizen ( , 2006 ) .
Mass surveillance has infringed our rights to lead a personal life as all our actions and behaviours are being watched and tracked .
This result is alarming as it suggests the possibility of a similar effect in humans ( Foster & Jaeger , 2008 ) .
This monitoring of other people 's behaviour , activities , or information has brought about many debates on ethical issue , security issues as well as individual 's health issues .
Though some suggest that surveillance technology benefits us the negative implications outweigh the benefits .
This is because surveillance technology such as closed-circuit television ( CCTV ) allows others to watch and track our daily activities .
We have lost our rights in leading a personal life and have to live in constant fear that our every movement is being monitored .
Therefore , surveillance technology should be banned as it may do more harm than benefits .
In conclusion , surveillance technology should be banned as it is not only ethically wrong but also poses threat to our security and health instead of protecting us .
Genetic testing has been in forefront science research area in this 21st century .
An individual should not have the final say in revealing his genetic testing result .
" It is widely recognised that one of their roles is to inform may be at risk and patients are encouraged to discuss this risk with their relatives " ( Forrest , 2000 ) .
Early detection of cancer will not only keep it under control but also keep loved ones safe .
It is important to the public to change their mindsets towards genetic discrimination .
Joly , Knoppers , and Godard ( 2003 ) found that
It helps to have a good cry and talk things through " , 2009 ) .
In conclusion , individuals should not have the final say in revealing their genetic test results for the benefit of the people around them .
With the revelation of the results , trust can be generated and relationship between them and their loved ones will become closer .
While some suggest that the use of this technology brings benefits to both the country and the world , it in fact not only affects the country 's safety but also the citizens ' privacy in the country .
Thus , due to the negative implications that outweigh the benefits of using surveillance technology , it should be banned .
Firstly , surveillance technology dehumainzes citizens ' basic right to privacy .
This results in the loss of personal space and people live in fear as they tend to be very cautious in their every movements .
US citizens involved in the process have to be very careful with their daily lifestyles .
, In Britain , there are 4.2 million CCTV cameras on the streets , about one for every 14 citizens
( ,2006 ) .
This is ethically wrong as , in general , humans have their basic right to privacy .
Too much intrusion of privacy could also lead to psychological factors of one 's mental status .
Secondly , it lowers the level of security of a country when terrorists are able to hack into their system and take control of the country 's well-being .
It is also used as a safety to watch over one 's power grid just like what US is doing now .
" ( , 2009 ) .
This imposes a high risk to the US in a time of war or even crisis due to the disruption of network by these cyberspies .
Radio Frequency Identification , RFID ) into a dementia person , it eases the hospital authority to locate the patient 's whereabouts .
However , there is often a health issue that is involved in this implantation which causes complications to patients ' health.
In late 2007 , an anti-chip activist an important point that for more than one decade it has been known that implanted RFID tags are associated with tumors in rodents , mostly sarcomas ( Blanchard et al .
This causes a controversy about possible carcinogenic effects ; a substance or agent that tends to produce cancer ( ) , that may occur in the implantation of chips on humans .
Thus , this affects patients by adding a new disease to them when they are already ill .
Surveillance dated back all the way to ancient times .
As the world advances so does technology . Surveillance nowadays covers a wide spectrum of life from the wellbeing of a child left alone in the room to national security to prevent events such as terrorism and political instability .
Due to the broad spectrum of various surveillances technology , I would address only a few that is of . Namely national security and disaster security .
National security as the name , means security measures taken by the various governments to ensure that its country is a safe place for its citizens .
Some of the devices that have been set up and used are for example biometric passports .
This helps in preventing terrorism as appropriate measures can be taken to stop terrorists from entering the country .
In 2001 , the capture of terrorist members prevented a bomb explosion at Yishun train station in Singapore .
This however does not mean that the system of surveillance should be . This is where flaws of the systems are examined to come up with a more fool-proof system where such a terrorist can not make use of the loop holes of the system to escape .
Pandemics and epidemics have been prevalent since ancient times like in the 18th century where small pox caused massive deaths .
Today with the recent spread of SARS , H1N5 ( bird flu ) and the latest H1N1 ( swine flu ) , having surveillance technology helps us to battle these disasters .
In 2003 when SARS spread causing thousands of deaths all across the world , the temperature radiation surveillance technology was invented to help identity those possible infected people from those who were not , and to separate those who are likely to be infected from the healthy population .
home tracking devices implemented especially for those who were quarantined for the 10 days duration to ensure that they did not break the rules and venture out of their homes into the community .
Critics of tracking devices have lobbied for tracking devices to be banned as they have been said to invade privacy .
However in this , although the tracking device ia an invasion to a person 's privacy , it serves a good cause to ensure the safety of the general population .
When the results of the test are given to the individual , the question of whether the results should be revealed or not arises .
The individual is unlikely to reveal their results to their family , potential and current employers , insurance companies for fear of discrimination from them ( 2007 ) .
However , by doing so , he is actually putting his family at risk as they will not know whether they too carry the defective gene which would put them at a higher risk of developing the disease associated with the gene ( ) .
In such cases , the physician would have the right to reveal the results to the family of the individual , especially if the test results indicate that the defective gene is present , there is the possibility that others in the family have the gene as well .
The physicians also have their medical code of conduct that states information about the patient which is confidential unless it poses threat to others ( 2008 ) .
If family members have similar genetic background , individuals may feel the need to disclose their results .
For example , employers may prefer to employ individuals who are not predisposed to genetic diseases , 2005 ) .
Health insurance companies may also avoid clients with genetic disorders ( , 2005 ) .
Thus , the discriminatory treatment an individual may be subjected to makes it essential that their consent be obtained in advance .
It may be argued that the legalization of the Genetic Information Nondiscrimination Act ( GINA ) may solve the problem of discrimination ( 2008 ) .
However , limitations in this policy may still subject individuals to discrimination due to the exclusion of those applying for life insurance , disability insurance or military benefits , 2008 ) .
" ( . By releasing the results without an individual 's consent will subject the individual to a violation of his human rights .
As a type of surveillance technology , RFID ( Radio Frequency Identification ) is drawing increased attention and has caused many conflicts with regard to privacy , security and health issues .
Advocators suggest that using RFID to conduct social control and tracking of suspects could benefit the whole society .
On the contrary , it not only leads to an invasion of privacy and identity theft but also poses health risks .
Using RFID to track people raises many issues .
It is hard to guarantee that every tracking is innocent and conducted in proper ways and .
Secondly , because a RFID embedded card can easily be skimmed and cloned , to some extent , it is a loophole for identity theft .
by using the cloned card , anyone could pass into a restricted area through the secure and locked entrance ( Jones 2008 ) .
Hence , using a RFID equipped card to track and control entrance is not secure and effective at all .
sacrificing the health of people when conducting tracking is therefore unacceptable
However , RFID advocators may argue for the purpose of alleviating the fear of privacy invasion .
Furthermore , the individual has the right to decide on whether the result should be disclosed or not .
Firstly , the person would face discrimination by society if the results are declared openly without his consent
The person would be unable to purchase insurance since they would cost the insurance company more money than the company had bargained for ( Henry T. 2005 , ) Moreover , employers would not want to hire them as the employee 's health problem would have an undesirable effect on the company 's productivity , such as , costing the company more money on the employees ' frequent sick leaves and medical reimbursements ( Henry T. 2005 ) .
Secondly , critics at the other end of the table may argue that there is the Genetic Information Non-discrimination Act ( GINA ) in the US that was passed down by the former US president , Mr. Bush on 21 May 2008 which states that 'the genetic carriers would be protect against discrimination when it comes to work and health insurance ' ( Kaiser Family Foundation , 2008 ) .
Tera Eerkes , founder of personal genetic testing company states that 'this measure does not prevent genetic discrimination against people when they are applying for life insurance , or long term care and disability insurance' .
2008 , ) .
If an individual is denied of his right to decide on the disclosure of his test result , probably no one will dare go for testing since they know that they do not possess the right to decide whether the result stays secret .
This will result in dire consequences , for example ; there will not be proper family planning since genetic disorder is not taken into consideration , which might result in continued breeding of undesirable genetic traits in one 's offspring .
In conclusion , the person who went for genetic testing should have the final say on whether to reveal the genetic testing result so that he will not be discriminated against or even denied of his basic human rights .
Recently , Radio Frequency Identification technology , also known as " RFID " has been a hot topic for discussion .
In the past , it was used to track equipmentequipment and data and this did not create much controversy with regard to the issue of privacy .
However , as technology improved RFID is now more frequently used to track people .
In life and death situation , doctors that are in the vicinity of the operation theatre can be called in for help instantly , hence saving time .
Finally , there has been greater concern about RFID not only tracking the data of the patient , but also tracking the patient 's actual whereabouts .
Supporters claim that surveillance technology can increase efficiency and effectiveness in tracking criminals and potential terrorists , and decreasing crime rates or track runaway or Alzheimer patients in hospitals to provide better care for every patient ( Jean , 2007 ) .
In fact , it causes more security than health threats thus using it to track people should be banned to ensure their safety .
If one had their pocket picked , he would know and can take measures to prevent it .
It is against the law to steal another persons identification card but not the information by " skimming " ( Jones , 2008 ) .
The rapid advances in medical technology present genetic testing that is used , to identify specific genes responsible for a significant disease in an individual ( Centre for Genetic Education , n.d. ) .
The perception of whether an individual should have the final say to reveal the results of genetic tests has lead to an ethical dilemma in society and amongst individuals , particularly in family-relationships .
Since , the advantages of revealing the results of genetic tests outweigh the disadvantages in most situations , an individual should therefore not have the absolute authority to reveal their test results .
There are two main benefits of not having the absolute authority to revealing the results of genetic tests .
It also provides understanding of specific gene occurrences to others ( Centre for Genetic Education , n.d. ) .
Secondly , the awareness of deleterious genes in individuals that could lead to disease , like HIV , ensures their responsibility within the community .
The organization involved in genetic care has the authority to disclose the genetic information to appropriate people if harmful genes could lead to serious disease . If an infected individual does not reveal it then little effort is made for diagnosis and treatments ( Minkoff and Ecker , 2008 ) .
This would cause harm to others , like the spread of HIV to the uninfected sexual partner and the future generations .
Today , enterprises found the use of RFID chips in a wide variety of places including hospital , transportation system , corporations , schools , and worryingly , human beings ( Andrea Jean , 2007 ) .
In this paper , I would like to discuss some problems in the use of RFID chip on human beings .
Human implant is experimented and studied deeply in many countries .
However , this has proved to have huge problems unfortunately .
Volunteers participated in a controlled experiment on skimming proved that a hacker is able to skim and clone an access card in a split second and using the card to get entrance to a " secure and locked " entrance ( Jones , 2008 ) .
This absurd result brings into question the security use of the human implant .
This is especially true for elderly patients with Alzheimer 's disease .
Patients suffering from Alzheimer 's have the tendency to wander .
The completion of Human Genome Project has contributed significantly to the rapid development of genetic tests , a valuable tool that aids in diagnosis and prevention of genetic diseases .
An important reason why patients should not be empowered to make the final decision is that it prevents doctors from tending to potential patients who could be at high risk of developing a disease if disclosure is not made .
Due to the need to maintain confidentiality of results , doctors will be compelled to watch patients with the defective gene fall ill when appropriate intervention can be done to avert harm .
This has gone against their 'proper medical and ethical practices ' ( Minkoff & Ecker , 2008 ) of preventing harm or avoiding serious jeopardisation of the health of others ) .
Considering these competing obligations faced by physicians , the genetic care and counselling organisations have devised guidelines which accept disclosure to relatives without the consent of those tested when there is going to be a high degree and immediacy of risk faced by them ( Minkoff & Ecker , 2008 ) .
[ 2 ] Physicians trained to deal with the emotional burdens of a positive test result , are capable of properly counselling the patient of the implications of not knowing the test result and also providing the needed medical treatment for the long run .
[ 1 ] As the medical professionals would know what medical treatment the patient would need , and also understand the encumbrance such knowledge would bring , it is best that the medical professionals decide whether or not to reveal the test results .
Technology has made our life so convenient that we have overlooked the { repercussions that comes with it .
Patients who wish to keep their medical information might choose to have the chip implanted right under their skin .
Another concerning issue is that the " RFID tags may electromagnetically interfere with electrosurgical devices " ( Bacheldor 2007 ) with particular attention at magnetic resonance imaging ( MRI ) scans .
Customers could also be tracked with the products anywhere so long as there is a right reader that could read the frequency ( Free 2007 ) Consumer privacy will no longer be existent as consumers lose freedom of choice and also consistently losing personal information to marketeers .
The user might lose his password for access to areas or monetary items and also his identity .
The possibility that the RFID technology would prove to be more of a hindrance than a convenience is evident .
This has brought about many controversial issues regarding the privacy and health concerns surrounding the use of RFID .
While some argue that the adoption of RFID is a violation of human privacy , it indeed helps to protect the safety of families , the public and to identify patients .
Firstly , RFID protects the safety of loved ones by tracking the movements of kin in cases when they got lost or were kidnapped .
With the help of A RFID tag worn by senile elderly , the police can identify the missing elderly and then contact their family members .
In addition , RFID tags help to assist the police to locate the hostage and kidnappers .
Secondly , RFID ensures the safety of the public by monitoring suspicious people who might pose a danger to society so as to prevent them from causing harm to the public .
RFID is useful in combating crime .
Thirdly , RDIF improves the speed of patient identification in hospitals .
Upon admission to hospital , each patient is given a RFID wristband which reveals the patient name , patient identification number and patient medication record ( Antonio , n.d. ) .
Nevertheless , the current legislation is sufficient to deal with the development of RFID so as to prevent user privacy from being invaded .
Furthermore , the RFID tag does not bring health problems to users .
An example is European council proposal on the limitation of the exposure of electromagnetic fields to the public ( Council , 1999 ) .
RFID serves as a tracking device and an identification system in safeguarding the safety of loved ones , the public and for identifying patients .
Human genetics has made tremendous leaps over the past years , and consequently made a significant impact on many people 's lives .
In any case , it can be advocated that the individual should have the final say in whether to reveal the results of genetic testing or not .
This is due to the legislation polices that have been implemented for genetic testing
Basically , it is far more confidential as it may contain more individual personal health issues such as determining whether one carries any defective genes .
Hence , it is rightful to say that genetic information should be kept confidential and should only be revealed by the individual .
In accordance with federal law in the United States , medical information should be kept confidential and genetic professionals or doctors do not have the right to disclose any information without seeking the consent of the patient .
Though , they may assist patients by informing them of the likelihood of their relatives contracting the same diseases , the final decision ultimately still depends on the individual .
On the other hand , critics may argue that genetic professionals can interpret the genetic testing results more accurately than patients .
Thus , they can explain the implications of the results more precisely to family members .
However , only patients will understand their family members ' different behavioural patterns .
This means that they are more suited to revealing the results by using a more desirable method .
In conclusion , the decision of whether revealing the results of genetic testing should lie only with the individual and not other third parties involved .
Any disclosure of results by third parties will be considered a breach of the genetic privacy and confidentiality law and may cause unnecessary moral implications .
Genetic testing has become more ubiquitous in recent years .
I advocate the idea that patients should have the final say to decide whether to disclose the test results to relatives and families .
First , the law and human rights declaration recognizes the right to privacy of individuals .
et al. , 2009 ) Unless there is mutual agreement on both sides , the final say should lie with the patients .
Secondly , the final say should lie with the patient as he knows what is best for his family members .
The patients knows the different behavioral patterns of his family members and will know the best way to approach them regarding their genetic condition .
In this way , the family members of the patient are protected from emotional harm like stress and anxiety .
In conclusion , the final say in the disclosure of genetic test results should lie with the patient according to the legal jurisdiction and to the fact that the patients understand the different personalities of their families and will have their best interests in mind .
The advancement of Science and Technology has lead to many possibilities , one of which is the ability to predict one 's risk of contracting certain diseases , mostly hereditary , via the study of one 's genes .
Hence this predictive power leads to one of the many controversies- should an individual have the final say in whether to reveal his/her results ?
In fact , this authority should go to medical professionals ; basically physicians undertaking the proceedings of the test and interacting with the patients firsthand .
Firstly , a physician is a profession that is bound by standard protocols and most importantly physicians possess medical ethics .
As the genetics results also apply to the family and relatives ' health risks as well as the patient 's own , many lives are concerned and any unjustifiable reason not to disclose should be overwritten .
The American Society of Human Genetics even propose conditions whereby patient autonomy should be disregarded ( Bioethics Advisory Committee,2005 ) , emphasizing the importance of disclosure of results .
Secondly , there are laws such as the Genetic Information Non-discrimination Act ( GINA ) or the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act ( { HIPAA } [ HYPERLINK : http : //www.hhs.gov/ocr/hipaa/ ] ) ( Norrgand , 2008 ) , which protect the confidentiality and interests of the patient .
These are laws that physicians adhere to , which the patient may be unfamiliar with and overlook , despite pre- test counselling .
Thirdly , society benefits when sound decisions are made by pragmatic , rather than individualistic , individuals .
The opposition may state that leaving the decision to a third party who may be insensitive , may jeopardize the patient 's chances in employment and insurance .
Moreover , physicians still respect patient autonomy unless certain conditions permit otherwise .
It has also been suggested that the harsh truth of inheriting a genetic risk may create an emotional impact , especially when disclosed despite the patient 's reluctance .
Moreover , the mental preparedness of the patient is most likely moulded on the pre-test counselling before genetic testing is carried .
( Lee , 2005 ) In conclusion , physicians should have the final say in whether to reveal the genetic testing results as they have the know-how on managing the entire situation before and after the patient is subjected to the test .
Genetic testing is an issue that mankind has placed great emphasis on .
After test results are analyzed by physicians , there is a dilema about whether the information should be made known to others or whether it should be kept confidential by the individual .
Despite the fact that human rights exist , physicians actually have a clearer understanding of the results and the ethical and social issues that surface by withholding such information .
There are instances when a patient tested positive for a disease , but refused to know their results ( BAC , 2005 ) .
This is clearly true as test results indirectly reflect genetic information related to family members as there is a possibility of them inheriting the disease too .
In such a situation , the authority to release the resultst should lie with the healthcare professionals .
As a result , employers and insurance companies should have the right to request genetic information from their employees or clients directly , or indirectly from medical professionals who have a better interpretation of the genetic test results .
In conclusion , although on the surface there seems to be disturbing issues in sharing genetic information , when observed in depth , the information shared can be an advantage to the individual as well as those around him .
Nevertheless , these concerns are outweighed by its pros due to the benefits it brings in ensuring the loved ones , the public as well as identifying patients .
In the case of kidnapping , those who had RFID implanted can be easily located by RFID readers .
Medical advances in technology have made it possible to detect if one has a genetic disease through genetic testing .
Genetic testing can be defined as the analyzing of one 's DNA to detect the possible risks of contracting a genetic disease .
This has brought about a lot of debate on the ethical and law issues on whether the individual has the final say in revealing the genetic testing results .
Due to privacy and the effects of emotional stress , the individual should have the final say .
( Varga,2008 ) This is not necessarily going to happen as many other factors are needed to occur as well , like non-genetic risks such as smoking ( Varga,2008 ) .
Therefore , revealing results could be redundant if relatives do not have non-genetic risks , and furthermore it could create undesirable emotional stress for the relative .
So , the individual should first observe any signs of symptoms of the genetic disease the relative may have , such as deformity or behavior problems , before deciding whether or not to tell .
In this case , third parties such as doctors should not reveal the results , as doctors are usually more concerned with alerting the person of the possible chances of contracting the genetic disease , rather than the possible negative impacts this news may bring to the person .
In conclusion , due to the law issues and possible undesirable emotional stress caused by relatives , the individuals should have the final say in revealing the results , as it is their personal information , and they understand their relatives better emotionally .
Tracking of an individual 's movement using RFID technology is made possible when it is used in a combination with Global Positioning System technology , as proposed by RFID vendors .
The RFID tag could be in an article of clothing or under the skin in some part of the body and it could also serve as an identifier for the person wearing it .
There are many advantages to using RFID technology to track people 's movement .
Firstly , companies/family members could leverage RFID technology to locate their loved ones/employees if they were missing or working in a dangerous environment .
( Jerry , David , Manuel & Thompson , 2007 p.469 ) Secondly , in hospital , a positive patient identification system using radio frequency identification , RFID , to identify patients can led to fewer patient misidentifications .
Patient misidentification has been the leading cause of medical errors and medical malpractice , posing a serious risk to patient safety .
( Antonio , Putten & Gerald , n.d ) Thirdly , monitoring of RFID tagged convicts in prison can prevent possible prison breaks .
In addition , using RFID to tag offenders that are serving their term in the community can help to enforce home curfews .
However in cases like working in a dangerous environment , safely is prioritized over privacy violation .
There are also worries over leaked confidential information through RFID tags .
However , the tags can be encrypted and cleared of information before being discarded .
But guidelines of recommended limits of EMF exposure have been adopted internationally to prevent any known negative health effects .
In conclusion , tracking people 's movement using RFID technology should not be banned as its benefits heavily outweigh the downsides it might bring .
Advancements in technology have allowed the invention of new devices that have helped improve lifestyles and helped bring convenience into our lives .
RFID is an essential tool used for tracking people .
In hospitals , RFIDs serve as a means for tracking patients as well as indentifying them .
This is especially the case for elderly people suffering from illnesses such as dementia who tend to lose their way .
Hospital staff and family members can thus easily track down the locations of their loved ones with the use of the RFID
( { http : //www.antonio-aguilar.com/files/papers/hisi_paper.pdf } [ HYPERLINK : http : //www.antonio-aguilar.com/files/papers/hisi_paper.pdf ] , 2009 ) . RFIDs are also used in monitoring crimes and in keeping our society safe .
Hence safety of society is ensured .
The main issues concern privacy and health .
The use of such a tracking device would mean that the locations and actions of the person will always be known .
In conclusion , RFIDs should not be banned as it can benefit society widely in many ways .
Despite the disadvantages it may pose , these can be offset by appropriate actions put in place .
Hence , society should not totally shun away from the use of RFID to track people but put in place measures to overcome the problems so as to ensure its optimal use .
However , the use of RFID in tracking people has brought about a lot of controversy .
There are two important reasons why RFID technology to track people should not be banned .
However , with the use of RFID to track people , this challenge may be overcome as hospitals use a " specially developed Hospital Movement Tracking System ( HTMS ) to trace the movements of Health care workers , patients and hospital visitors .
" ( Banks , Hanny , Pachano & Thompson , 2007 p.420 ) Secondly , the use of RFID to track people r the safety of workers who are working in hazardous working conditions .
In the event of an accident , rescue operators can locate workers who are RFID tagged and save them as soon as possible
Moreover , RFID technologies are durable and are able to withstand adverse conditions
( http : //www.rfidconsultation.eu/ , 2009 ) However , the World Health Organization has found out that safe use of RFID will not have any adverse effects on human health health
Moreover , others oppose this as it causes invasion of privacy due to leakage of personal information to the third part
Nevertheless , there is data protection technology that is already in place to prevent unauthorized individuals from accessing sensitive information .
In conclusion , we should not ban RFID technologies to track people as there are many benefits and because of its use as an effective measure to locate individuals during times of emergencies .
This is due to countries becoming more affluent , and thus people better living environment and are also more educated to be conscious of their health .
In order to ease the aging process such that the elderly can live without being neglected and also in comfort , various policies have been implemented .
To a large extent , these have helped to ease the aging process through investing in healthcare for the elderly , giving financial aids to the elderly and also enhancing the psychological well being of the elderly .
( Government of Singapore , 10 February 2009 ) Healthcare professionals like nurses are also trained to be able to handle more complicated procedures as compared to the past ( The straits times , 17 August 2009 ) .This provides quality healthcare for the elderly in a high standard of living environment .
It may be costly to implement these policies , but it is necessary as in future the aging population is projected to soar .
In Japan , it is expensive to create and own a nurse robot , but it is necessary as in future there will be lack of human resources to take care of the elderly .
( James Brooke , 5 March 2004 ) Such technology will allow the elderly to be self equipped to take care of themselves , which is vital in the current competitive society where their children will be overloaded with work to take care of them .
Secondly , the financial aids plan policy makers come up with also manages to ease the aging process .
Governments help to reduce the burden of the elderly by subsidizing healthcare , giving financial aid and also forcing people to save for retirement .
In Singapore , the elderly are entitled to a subsidy of 75 per cent of the fees charged at polyclinics and even free medical service for frail or disabled elderly .
( Government of Singapore , 10 February 2009 ) However , some may argue that the financial benefits may still be inadequate as the elderly may need long term medical treatment and take longer time to recover .
Also , the elderly may abuse the medical services when they are provided with financial aid .
( Government of Singapore , 10 February 2009 ) This will lighten the financial burden of the elderly , easing the aging process as they can retire with more security and less worry .
In addition , enhancing the psychological well being of the elderly can make aging less depressing and cultivates a pleasant lifestyle for the elderly , thus making the aging process more enjoyable .
There are policies like revising the retirement age from 65 to 67 in the United States ( U.S. Social Security Administration , 1 April 2009 ) and also from 60 to 65 in Taiwan .
There are also retraining and upgrading programs , like the Senior Community Service Employment Program initiated by the United States Department of Labor ( U.S. Department of Labor , Employment & Training Administration ( ETA ) , 13 Jan 2009 ) , to make them be as competent as the young people , making the elderly still feel young at heart .
This is particularly the case for policies that aim to increase birth rate .
For example , the baby bonus scheme in Singapore has been ineffective as the birth rate remains at 1.28 .
The attractive financial incentives like giving cash gift of up to $ 4,000 each for the 1st and 2nd child and $ 6,000 each for a 3rd and 4th child and also providing of 4 months have not been enough to make people want to have more children .
This can be due to the lifestyle of Singaporeans like having long working hours and high standard of living ; thus , they prefer not to have any children .
As long as the government considers solutions to these issues like encouraging working from home , the policy may be more effective .
If these policies were successful , they will definitely ease the aging process .
In the coming years , more countries will also be facing this problem and thus different types of policies should be explored to prepare for the future .
That there should be a limit on public spending on the aged so that money could be diverted to other areas of the country 's development ( Peterson , 2001 ) is a suggestion that should be implemented in order to combat the rising cost of healthcare for the elderly .
With the rapid growth of the elderly population , for example in a country like Singapore , where the median age is expected to hit 41 years old from the present 36 ( Wijaya , 2009 ) , increasing public spending in healthcare could further strain the government 's expenditure as more money needs to be poured in to cater to the growing numbers of elderly in the country .
There are several factors that explain the need to limit public spending on elderly healthcare .
This move will be beneficiary in the long run as it does not only ensure that the country is progressing economically , it is also securing a brighter future for the healthcare sector as more money could be spent on it .
The government can now choose to allocate some money into healthcare , invest the remaining money and as time goes by , not only the government will be earning more profits but the healthcare will be getting a bigger allocation .
However , should the government decide to spend all of the 100 dollars on healthcare , there will be no profits and the government will also suffer from a deficit .
Secondly , public spending on elderly healthcare should only be limited to the elderly who really need it to prevent abuse by other citizens .
If no limits are set , other citizens can abuse the system by using it indiscriminately , denying the rights of healthcare to truly needy patients .
An example could be seen in the United Kingdom , where healthcare is fully subsidized by the government .
This may in turn cause a clogging up of cases where there will be more patients waiting longer for their operation , reducing the quality of the healthcare sector ( Press Association , 2005 ) .
This could probably cause a public outcry as the current economic crisis has yet to fully subside and the government should instead focus on recovering the country 's economy first .
Some might argue that it is the government 's duty to look after the welfare of its citizens , but if the government were to look after all the elderly without the help of the children , it would certainly cost the government an enormous amount of time and money .
The government needs to first concentrate on more important matters regarding the country , for example in issues regarding national safety , trade , education , international relations and defense , to ensure that the nation 's interests are safeguarded and that the government does act as a nursery home for the old .
Children should be taught the importance of filial piety since young to ensure that they do not abandon their responsibility of taking care of their parents when they are old .
An example would be the Maintenance of Parents Act in Singapore , where parents could lawfully demand support from their children in court .
In conclusion , there are many reasons why public spending on elderly healthcare should be limited to allow governments to channel the money to other areas of development .
While healthcare for the elderly is still important , governments must ensure that other important areas will not get neglected as well .
Ageing population is a serious problem faced by many developed states .
The ageing population is creating many social problems such as healthcare problems , high government expenses and high income taxes , which are causing stress for young workers and the aged people .
Many states such as the US , the UK , Japan and Singapore start to implement various policies such as increasing child birth rate and introducing plans for the elderly and health care policies to ease the ageing process .
However , most of these policies tend to be ineffective in easing the ageing process because they either have their limitations or fail to solve the social problems behind the ageing process .
This essay is going to examine the limitations and the problems ignored by those current policies .
Health care policies in many developed countries ease the ageing process to a very limited extent , because they create social burden and fail to service minorities most of the time .
For example , the UK has tried to make the nation a welfare state , but this leaves heavy tax burden to the working class and creates low working incentive for the workers .
For example , Japan has introduced medical service which allows its citizens to save for their personal medical account so that they can use the money when they fall sick in their old age .
Similarly , Singapore has introduced the same kind of policies called Medi-save and Medi-shield .
However , these policies can not help those people who have long term diseases because these diseases require a huge amount of money to cure .
Ironically , the World Health Organization has released a report in year 2006 which shows that the number of people who have long term diseases such as heart disease and cancer is increasing sharply .
The data also shows that stressful working life contributes to the poor health of the people .
Moreover , the minorities who do not have proper job or income and do not have a medical care account will not be taken care of by the health service .
They will have nothing to rely on when they fall sick .
Therefore , the health care policy in most developed countries should be improved to help those patients with long term diseases and those who are neglected .
Today , two leading states in the areas of slowing down the ageing population , Japan and Singapore , have implemented " Baby Bonus Policy " .
Basically , families that give birth to more than one child will get economic support from the government as they help ease the ageing process .
This is because many elderly couples only have one child to support them and this always puts a heavy burden on the child .
Hence , with more children , more economic support could be provided and the old parents could be taken care of better .
However , the " Baby Bonus Policy " does not work well although almost everyone is aware of its benefit .
This is because firstly , the stressful social environment forces couples to put their time and effort in their work , so that they are unable to spend time with each other .
Secondly , getting more salary through longer working hours makes life much easier than appealing for limited economic aids by having many children .
Thus , the government fails to notice the two root causes of the evil .
Therefore , baby bonus policy could not increase the birth rate effectively in easing the ageing process .
The modern society today is imbued with modern values that lead to the ageing population , thus causing some government policies to become ineffective in easing the ageing process .
Many states have introduced housing policies , which allow the young couples to live near their parents or which give priority in purchasing houses to those people who have married .
This allows the couples to take care of each other especially when they are old , or to take care of their parents when they are still young .
However , the states fail to realize that people 's values towards family are changing today .
The family bonding in most western societies is very weak and the young generation does not really have a sense of filial piety in their minds .
Also , the stressful working market created by capitalism today is taking away so much time and effort from people that they do not have time with their family , or even can not think of having a family .
It creates a modern value that allows people of opposite sex to live together without having a family .
What if the idea of family vanishes ?
If all these assumptions occur , the housing policy will not be relevant at all .
In conclusion , most of the current policies in easing the ageing process have their limitations or are ineffective .
The fundamental problem is that the states fail to realize the underlying social problems which contribute to the stressful ageing process .
Hence , in order to ease the ageing process , the policies should be designed to solve the root problems of the evil rather than just focus on the surface of the problems .
Population aging , as stated in the introduction of the report World Population Aging : 1950-2050 ( 2002 ) , is the process by which older individuals become a proportionally larger share of the total population .
It was at first experienced by the developed countries , but is now taking place around the globe .
Firstly , the elderly are leading longer lives .
A special report from Economist.com ( 2009 ) states that average life expectancy for the whole world was only 30 years during the 1990s , and that for the rich countries under 50 .
However , the figures have each increased to 67 and 78 , and the increase has no signs of stopping .
The next factor contributing to the aging phenomenon is the declining of birth rates as people tend to have fewer kids than in the previous years .
Despite these measures , the birth rate of Singapore has not increased significantly ( Mui Teng Yap , 2003 ) .
The " Stop at two " policy had been so successful that couples in Singapore saw that they could have a better standard of living with a smaller family .
Educated women prefer to pursue their careers before getting married ; thus , women have a sense of insecurity in losing their job when they have to take maternity leave or when they are about to give birth to their child .
Other than that , educated women do not just want to be successful in their careers , but they also want to be a good mother .
The declining performance of the body limits the ability of the aged to care for themselves .
It has improved our quality of life in many ways , especially in the field of medical science .
However , this leads to an implication that the upper class and middle class people who are likely to have easier access to information will take advantage of this policy .
This , in turn will create a misguided impression that medical fees of the elderly are high , resulting in the debate between the government and policy makers whether to limit healthcare spending on the aged or not .
Some may argue that the measure of increasing the retirement age should be able to reduce the negative effects of the aging population .
It is true that by letting the elderly people carry on working can increase manpower in labor markets and simultaneously increase their savings to support themselves during old age .
In some cases , employers have the notion that in order to employ the aged , the setting of the workplace might have to undergo some changes to accommodate to the needs of the elderly .
In short , life today is not similar to that in the past , and challenges lies ahead waiting for us to overcome .
The effects of the aging population may be exaggerated , but we should not lack foresight and neglect them .
By 2050 , the figure will increase to 35 percent for those aged 60 years and above ( Ministry of Community Development , Youth and Sports 2008 , February ) . Ageing population is a challenge for Singapore for the coming years .
Money is needed in areas such as transportation , research and development , infrastructure , investment and defense .
In terms of quality of life , Singapore tops in Asia and is No . 32 in the world ( Mercer Human Resource Consulting Survey in 2008 ) .
Singapore also scored 22nd in monocle 's list of top livable cities in 2008 and ranked top 5 in city infrastructure ( Mercer 's 2009 Quality of Living survey highlights 28 April 2009 ) . Singapore 's Changi airport has accumulated 250 awards and is recognized as one of the best airports in the world .
Therefore the current problem Singapore is facing now is the aged population .
Money should be allocated for the ageing population .
Singapore is currently a developed country .
Currently the investment in the resort worlds in both the Marina Bay and Sentosa will bring in more income to Singapore .
Hence money is still needed for the country 's development in order to maintain its world class standard .
Although money is important for the growth of Singapore , the current problem of the ageing population must still be addressed .
Citizens are the most valuable asset of a country .
In order for Singapore to prosper , money is necessary to solve the problem of ageing population .
In order to encourage the elderly people 's self-reliance , the government introduced central provident fund in 1955 .
It is a compulsory saving plan for the work force .
The money can also be used to pay for medical cost incurred .
Despite the introduction of the central provident fund , the aged population feel that it is insufficient for them to retire .
In 2008 , the average life expectancy of Singaporeans has increased to 80 from 61 in 1957 ( Mon , Apr 14 2008 News Straits Times ) .
Money is needed to encourage the elderly to work longer and pursue lifelong learning .
For example incentives are given to companies like MacDonald who employ retired workers .
Trainings are given at subsidized rate for workers to upgrade themselves and to remain competitive in the workforce .
For example , housing grants are given to encourage children to stay close to their parents .
The government has increased the housing grants from $ 30000 to $ 40000 ( HDB Website ) .
Even though the government encourages children to take care of their parents , there are still cases where parents sue their children for not taking care of them .
Singapore government has passed the maintenance of parents act to make children look after their parents .
In cases where the elderly do not have any children or do not have any savings left , money is also needed to cater for their daily expenses , housing and medical expenses .
Eventually by 2050 , 35 percent of the population will have reached the age of 60 years and above .
Money is needed to spend on areas like medical centres , new infrastructure and homes for the elderly .
More medical centres are needed to cater for the ageing population which require more healthcare assistance .
For buildings like shopping malls and HDB flats , the government and developers should spend more money on building elderly friendly infrastructure and
upgrading existing HDB flats to make it more elderly friendly .
Examples include lift upgrading , slopes for wheel chairs and old folk corners .
Despite the fact that ageing population is imposing more cost on the government , their well being must still be taken care of .
If not , when elections come , the government might lose their votes as 35 percent of the population will reach the age of 60 and above by 2050 .
Over the last 50 years aging population has been considered a big problem that affects western countries economic development .
However , during the next 50 years there will be a dramatic increase in the aged and it is inevitable for Asian countries to face this challenge from now on .
To date , aging population whose age is above comprises 14 percent of the world .
According to the survey done by the United Nations , aging population in Asia is estimated to increase by 314 percent , from 207 million to 857 million in 2050 and among those sub regions East Asia will suffer most .
Japan is still the country with the largest and the most rapidly growing aging population .
Both China and Singapore are anticipated to become the second right after Japan in 30 years and those aged above 65 will make up 20 percent of the total population .
Moreover , the rate of birth has kept falling and a family will have fewer adult children than in the past , which puts more burdens on the government .
So it has been a controversial issue whether governments should cut public spending on the aged and divert it to other areas of economic development to secure stable productivity and GDP .
It seems that aging population will become a worse problem if current low-level government spending is going to be cut further .
However , taking into account all the advantages and disadvantages of the policy of cutting government spending on the elderly , there should be more effective ways to handle this challenge rather than directly or indirectly giving " fish " to the elderly , so it will be necessary for the government to limit public spending on the aged .
There is no dispute that the average age is climbing up continuously as it is impossible to prevent people from getting old . Increased life expectancy is the most outstanding but only one of the features of aging population .
It is more important to pay attention to other trends and characteristics of aging population in order to solve this problem in some other ways .
One of the biggest factors that the aged may put excessive burden on economic development is the less support to the elderly from their adult children as a consequence of lower birth rate and higher child care costs .
For example , there was a baby booming period between 1947 and 1949 in Japan but since 1949 the total fertility rate has started to fall , .
The same kind of situation also occurs in Singapore , China , Thailand , South Korea and other Asian countries .
On the other hand , the number of adult children who are willing to live with their parents has fallenl .
The proportion of Japanese elderly people living with their adult children fell from 80 percent in 1950 to 50 percent in 1990 ( Onawa and Rather 1997 ) , in South Korea from 78 percent in 1984 to 47 percent in 1994 ( Weinstein et al.1994 ) .
Thus it will be more essential for the government to emphasize the responsibility that adult children should bear to support the family rather than directly give financial support to the aged , which will in turn lay more tax burdens on the working population .
In other word , making the adult children actively support their parents will be better than asking them to passively pay higher tax .
In addition to getting support from adult children , it is equally important to provide more employment opportunities or put off the mandatory retirement age for the elderly , which is also a good method to as people tend to live longer than before .
Similar to the problem of adult children , although the number of aging population keeps rising , the number of old people who could get a chance to work either full time or part time tends to fall due to changing economic and social environments where fewer employers want to hire old labor - from 38 percent of the population 65 and above in 1950 to 25 percent in 2000 and 22 percent in 2010 according to the survey conducted by the United Nations .
This of aged and working populations affects the economic productivity to a great extent .
So the government 's task is to implement more policies concerning both the mandatory retirement age and employers ' age restriction .
For instance , hiring the elderly as part-time workers may be a good choice for both the aged and employers so as to enable the elderly to earn more as well as to enhance productivity .
This is also a good way to let the aging population by themselves .
Due to the fact that it may not be very realistic for those people who are already very old , disabled or need much medical care to be very productive , some other ways shall be combined to tackle the problem of aging population .
Both Singapore 's and Japan 's pension schemes cover all of the work force , placing great financial burden upon their governments .
Although it 's useful in the short term to the aged , with the surprising speed of growth of aging population , it will be more difficult for the governments to sustain this policy . In some other countries such as Indonesia , India , the Philippines , where the political system is not stable or in China , where the demographic structure is mainly made up of low-income working class , these policies would not be effective .
And in a country with a pay-as-you-go system like Japan there will definitely be some problems in the future if its government does not stop spending more on public pension as the number of retirees becomes larger and larger relative to the number of employees .
More taxes will also be collected from future generation .
So the best way to cope with this problem will be to encourage today 's working force to save more money for themselves instead of depending on their descendants or government .
This method is basically to set up a healthier financial saving system .
Apart from the methods mentioned above , there are more and more effective methods need to be devised to handle aging population instead of directly spending on the aged .
The elderly are a large part of the society that can not be ignored and the best way to keep a sustainable economic development and at the same time give them a beautiful autumn is to set up a system rather than focusing on any single policy .
By the year 2050 , our median age would be 54 years
( Lee , 2009 ) .The government has been taking the challenge of easing the aging process very seriously .
In the economic sector , the government has implemented the Central Provision Fund ( CPF ) to ensure that the elderly would be financially capable to support themselves when they retire .
The CPF savings are entirely invested in special government bonds which are risk free and have long term interest rate.CPF has been a major source of financial supplement for most of the retired elderly . CPF ensures that all working Singaporeans have a saving that is set aside to support their needs when they retire .
However the government also realises that the CPF savings might not be sufficient for aging needs . Hence , to help enhance the function of CPF , the government is adding an annuity scheme known as the CPF LIFE ( Lifelong Income For The Elderly ) that will provide a secure stream of income for the elderly
( Lee,2009 ) .This is done when Singaporeans reach the age of 55 , part of their CPF savings will be transferred into an annuity which will provide a steady stream of income from the age of 65 for life . CPF is a mandatory saving scheme and therefore it ensures that the elderly will have the financial means to support their aging process .
The government has also been enacting laws that require employers to offer re-employment to their workers until the age of 65.This is a flexible approach because the workers do not have to get the same job or pay .
The government has incorporated this approach from Japan because it is a pragmatic step compared to just increasing the official retirement age .
To tackle this issue the government has introduced the Workfare Income Supplement which is a negative income tax and it is weighted in favour of older workers .
In addition to that , the government has various programs to retrain older workers and improve their skills .
The healthcare sector has also contributed to helping to ease the aging process .
The national health care expenditure has been kept at 4 % of Singapore 's gross domestic profit ( GDP ) ( Lee , 2009 ) . Although healthcare expenditure will inevitably rise in the coming years , the government has introduced the 3Ms that will help the needy in their healthcare expenditure .
The 3Ms are MediSave , MediShield and MediFund.The introduction of these 3Ms has helped the elderly in financing their healthcare .
On top of the 3Ms , the government has also introduced Eldershield which is an insurance scheme that gives financial protection to those who need long-term care , especially during old age .
( Ministry of Health ) In any event where the elderly become severely disabled , they can get a monthly cash payout .
To ensure that every elderly gets medical attention , the government has built new hospitals such as Jurong National Hospital and Khoo Teck Puat Hospital to accommodate more patients .
The government is also building step-down care sectors which include more community hospitals , nursing homes and home care centres to provide better elderly care .
The government is aware of this situation and it has come up with a solution to overcome this problem by linking up acute-care hospitals with community ones .
This allows patients to recuperate at community hospitals and make room for more serious medical conditions to be treated in acute-care hospitals .
This is an effective solution because the role of caring for the elderly is divided as effectively as possible between the private and the government sectors .
To ensure better comfort for the elderly , the government has also been upgrading home care to serve the elderly better .
The government has also upgraded infrastructure to help ease the aging process .
The Housing and Development Board has been building more studio apartments to accommodate senior citizens .
The bus system is also improved by making buses wheelchair accesible.The trains in Singapore are already wheelchair accessible .
The government has also gone beyond transportation and housing to help ease the aging process by providing neighbourhoods with decent public toilets and green spaces which enable the elderly to lead an active lifestyle .
In conclusion , most of the policies and steps taken by the government have helped ease the aging process to a large extent .
In the areas of healthcare and financial security the government has been constantly upgrading and implementing new strategies to help ease the aging process .
Hence the measures taken by the government are effective ones and they have helped the elderly age comfortably .
However , with the world noticing the shift in its demographics to a more aged society , things are becoming more accommodating for the elderly .
The rising trend of companies hiring a greater number of older workers is providing older folks greater financial stability , allowing them to have the spending power to live independently .
In Singapore , seventy-five percent of unionized companies have committed to rehiring older workers , and forty percent of these unionized companies already have in place formal re-hiring procedures in addition to ad-hoc arrangements that are commonly made
( 2009 ) .
The government has also introduced better initiatives to ensure the elderly are provided for .
Often , the issue is that the elderly are neglected by their adult children and left to survive on their own .
The government thus introduced the Maintenance of Parents Act to prevent adult children from abandoning their elderly parents
( Khalik , 2009 ) .
) Furthermore , housing policies which entice married children to stay near or with their parents have been introduced as incentives
Appendices , appendix C. Retrieved from http : //www.mcys.gov.sg/successful_ageing/report/Appendices.pdf ) . These policies are targeted at curbing this social issue that has become serious enough to be highlighted in Singapore 's National Day Rally .
These two policies are some of the ways that the government is looking into to help the elderly have a better and easier life during their twilight years .
In the United States , an 80 year old retired truck driver was forced to sell his house of 33 years to pay off a $ 15 000 medical bill which was not covered by his health insurance policy
( Goldsmith , 2008 ) .
Such possible failure of medical policies has spurred efforts to better protect the old .
The scheme ensures the elderly have the money to pay should they require long-term medical care
In our society , the aged have been marginalized in the struggle of the survivor of the fittest as their contributive power to the society is reduced .
Yet , as a society matures , one can see how ingenious and novel methods have been developed and set into place to help bring the elderly from living on the margins of a society into being a part of the mainstream again .
The three developments and policies highlighted are examples of the efforts made to help ease the ageing process for the elderly by helping them keep themselves relevant to the society and their family .
It is interesting to note , also , that in helping to ease the ageing process , the society has prepared itself to adapt to the prospect of an ageing population .
Some feel that giving our full support to the elderly is of the utmost importance while others suggest limiting expenditure on the aged , being conscious of concerns from other sectors of the country such as economic growth and sustainability .
I agree with the latter ; those concerns are very real , and if left unattended , can pose a serious threat to the country 's development .
In this essay , we will be addressing these dilemmas and attempt to propose several possibilities as well as solutions that come with the various alternatives .
Limiting public expenditure is something which governments must consider seriously .
From a pragmatic standpoint , a majority of the elderly are unable to contribute to economic growth due to deteriorating health conditions which come naturally with aging .
Some common conditions such as rheumatism , failing eyesight and hearing , dementia , Parkinson 's disease , may render them unfit for work .
Not only are the elderly hindering a country 's economic growth , they are depleting it at an alarming rate as well .
Another reason why public spending on the elderly should be limited is that the funds could be diverted into other sectors of the country 's development .
Experts predict a financial toll in the near future , stating , " East Asia may experience widespread capital shortages as funds are diverted from financing productive investments in Hong Kong and Singapore to financing pension deficits in Berlin and Washington .
Even if we have enough capital for elderly spending , recent surges of new pandemics such as the H1N1 virus , call for more funding into the medical field .
Limiting public spending does not mean depriving them of support , but it means providing what 's necessary .
Certain categories fall into the gaps in the system and are left dry and powerless , even without the basic needs .
" [ 3 ] This example is one that stresses flexibility .
Spending on the aged should also be contextualized accordingly in economic situations , such as the recent economic crisis where employers are extremely selective , making jobs all the more scarce for the elderly .
Clearly , it can be seen that though limiting public spending on the elderly might produce certain immediate difficulties , it will ease the process inevitably in the long run .
However , the application of flexibility and context is most crucial as there are indeed too many factors and variables for the system to account for ; thus , it is better that humans master the system instead of the other way around .
The issues of age challenge the whole of society and put it to the test ,
" says Simone de Beauvoir in The Coming of Age ( 1970 ) , clearly reflecting the impact of the rising aging population that is happening around the world .
Governments often rack their brains to come up with the best solutions in terms of policies and research and development .
For example , some of them do not see the need of having babies and view having children as a potential source of problem to their ever-stressful life .
Thus , many are put off by the idea of having more children due to the accompanying life-time commitment of raising a child .
Thus , even if the legal retirement age was raised , it has clearly produced limited results .
As a result , employers tend to shut their doors to older workers .
In line with the above efforts to tackle the problem of the graying population , the government introduced the Parents ' Maintenance Act in 1996 to impose on filial piety .
Family ties may be further strained since the children are not taking care of their parents willingly .
Taking it from the parents ' perspective , some of them may not even consider the act of being abandoned by their children a shameful matter .
In all , moving beyond the law to enhance the perceptions of the elderly is a more practical way to increase the ability and willingness of the society to coordinate with the government in tackling the " grey tsunami " .
With the growing population and various problems that the present government face today , the governments are finding it tedious to balance the budget to ensure that all areas of development are being met .
Maintaining and sustaining a country is not just about looking after the aged , but also about developing growing sectors of our nation .
Although it is essential for the government to spend on the graying population , there are ways to minimize this spending , and this amount can then be used on other areas of the country 's growth and development , such as maintaining our country 's defense and improving the education system .
Our parents are the ones who have brought us up since young , providing us with basic necessities , educating and grooming us to be a worthy person of society , and showering us with love and concern that all individuals need .
Not only does it benefit the government as spending on the aged can be reduced , it also benefits them both economically and socially .
Furthermore , working can help to decrease boredom in retirement , as time will then be spent engaging in productive activities at work , and not be whiled away doing nothing .
Apart from defense , the government needs to invest in our country 's development as well , and this includes improvements in our education system .
However , other areas should not be neglected , as our nation 's growth and development are of vital importance as well .
Many ways are , indeed , present to help limit public spending on the aged .
The goal of limiting public spending on the aged will be made possible if the proposed measures are strongly enforced , and high cooperation among citizens of our society will help to deal with this issue too .
However , what we do not know or are still confused about is an effective way to both take care of the aged and enhance the development of other fields .
It is a matter of money usage .
There is a suggestion that governments should limit expenditures on the aged so that they will have money to spend on other areas to develop the countries .
The first point needed to be clarified is how limited government funding on the elderly should be and what will happen if the expenditures are below an acceptable level .
With fast-aging population and the restricted national budgets which do not allow spending generously on the elderly , this limit should be maintained at an acceptable level which ensures that the basic needs of the aged such as food , clothing , housing , transportation and healthcare are met .
However , in some nations , especially developing countries , in order to meet the need of investing in other areas to push the countries forward , the governments cut down the basic expenditures on the aged .
Cutting down the fiscal costs on the aging population to support other areas does not mean that those areas will receive all the benefits .
Imagine a situation in which without sufficient support from the government , the aged become a burden to their families. .
In that case , if the fiscal costs on the aged are cut down to spend more on the young generation , it can lead to the result that the money aimed to support one target in a family - the young - will be shared to partly meet the demands of both the elderly and the young .
In other words , the purposes of investing in other areas of development by using money saved from the fiscal costs on the aged can not be fully fulfilled .
In developing countries , decreasing the basic expenditures on the aged can lead to a worse situation .
The aged in these nations , especially in rural areas , do not merely need money to lead the rest of their lives , but also need money raise their children or grandchildren .
They share with their younger generations their limited monthly retirement pensions or allowances to cover all the costs of living , but usually , they would run out of money before the pensions/allowances of the next month come to their hands .
One of the productive areas to invest in is economy [ 1 ] since economic development helps to raise the national budgets and thus raise the public expenditures on the elderly .
Money earned from investments in economy should be partly used to support the aged not only to lessen the burden on the families and to alleviate poverty from generations to generations , but also to ease the elderly 's lives .
The increasing size of the economy could be relatively limited , but spending more on the aged does allow the government to have more choices to take care of the aged in a better way .
In other words , what the government should do is not merely promoting economic growth but also taking action to link each increasing level of economic growth with a correspondingly higher level of the quality of life for the elderly .
In conclusion , limiting fiscal costs on the aged without thorough considerations could lead to unexpected results which directly affect the elderly themselves and their families , as well as indirectly impact on the society and the country 's development .
In cutting down the spending on the aged , governments must ensure that the basic needs of the aged are still satisfied and the money saved from fiscal restraint should be efficiently invested to be partially plowed back into the elderly .
In 1997 , there was an estimated 217,400 elderly persons aged 65 years and above forming 7.0 % of the population ; the figure will increase to 798,700,forming 18.4 % of the population by the year 2030.Currently , comprising 7 % of the population , the elderly utilize 20 % of public sector primary care and hospital services .
It has been estimated that there will be a four-fold increase in the utilization of health resources by 2030 , based on the increasing number of the elderly and
( ) Meanwhile spending on healthcare such as is growing and it can continue indefinitely because of the continuous introduction of new technologies and treatments that are beneficial .
could be defined as scarcity , which means resources are limited in quantity and iimplies that not all of society 's goals can be pursued at the same time .
In brief the government has insufficient funds to fulfill all wants and needs of the aged population .
There are certain development areas of the country such as education , infrastructure , defense , investment and poverty that still need to be taken care of .
Government budgets should only cater to the basic needs of the elderly .
Consequently a country can not afford to spend too much on the elderly because of practical realities .
Government budgets should be diverted to other areas of a country 's development since resources are limited .
Governments and policy makers have to decide what should be supported by the public sector , and what should be left to individuals to 'buy ' for themselves , depending on their own financial capacity .
In fact , governments should only focus on those elderly whoa re poor and needy , and who have been abandoned by their .
Education , infrastructure , defense and investment are the other areas that need to be looked after by governments .
For example , more public spending on education will raise more productive children so that a more affluent future generation can be produced and the size of tomorrow 's economy can be increased .
Moreover foreign investments will be discouraged if governments over-spend on an aging population and neglect developing other areas .
Furthermore it does not help much in economic growth if governments provide too much welfare support for the elderly .
Firstly elderly people are less productive than young people and most of them are retired or unemployed .
They are unable to continue to put their effort in developing the country 's economy and infrastructure .
This/ These will also increase government spending on the elderly .
The article " Doomsday Predications about Population Aging Are Exaggerated " by Robert B.Friedland and Laura Summer points out that with little economic growth , society faces fewer choices on how to care for those who are least able to care for themselves .
On the other hand , with sufficient economic growth there would be more choices and fewer persons in need .
In addition , governments should put more effort into and invest on those areas that are productive .
This will help the country 's economic growth .
For example , Singapore 's casino-resort project will bring many employment opportunities and it is estimated that there will be very high returns in the future for both Singapore as well as the investors of this project. .
Thus the income of citizens will rise and lead to increased savings .
This will reduce their reliance on others like the government and their families .
On the part of the government , they will be able to develop medical technology and provide more medical schemes to help the aged .
Furthermore , the rate of poverty will be lower .
People would be able to afford to look after their elderly .
Governments and policy makers have to decide what is essential and should be supported by the public sector .
In brief , leaders in governments must and implement practical measures to cope with the problems of a fast aging population .
Public funds can be collected through implementing taxes on the citizens and tariffs on incoming trade items from other countries .
These funds are then used to either solve a current problem in a country , for example , an ageing population where help is needed to ensure the livelihood of the older generation in order to ease the burden the current generation has on taking care of the old .
Or these funds could be used to improve the education , communication and transportation infrastructure of a country , thereby improving the standard of living for the nation .
In this case , I would think that more funds should be allocated to a country 's development and less on the aged , as a country 's development will help solve or ease the problem of an ageing population in many other ways than directly allocating funds to address this problem. .
The government should allocate more funds to building a better education system , which will lead to more educated and productive future generations .
As the future generations will be more educated and productive , they will be able to contribute more to the economy and this , in turn , should get them a higher income .
A higher income will allow the younger generation to support themselves better and therefore provide for their own parents , so that the government can spend less on caring for the old .
Another outcome of higher education standards is that both the younger and older generations will better understand what could happen to them when they grow old .
This means both the younger and older generations will be able to better plan for their old age and the problems that come with it , for example , deteriorating health .
This makes lower health subsidies from the government possible as more people know how to stay healthy .
With an improvement in education standards , more students will pursue their studies in Singapore , creating a chance to convert these visiting students into local citizens , which will in turn increase the tax base for the future .
Both the above improvements will boost Singapore 's income , allowing the government to use more money to address various national issues , be they economic development or social problems , such as an aging society .
While the idea of improving education to ease the aging problem in the future is workable , there may still be a problem of individuals who will not be able to .
In a society , there will always be different people with different backgrounds , for example , the rich and educated versus the poor and illiterate .
But the illiterate will not stay illiterate always ; if they put an effort to improve and are given a chance for good education , they can still develop into a group of productive Singaporeans .
By allocating more funds to education and infrastructure , governments can ensure effective development in the country , thereby increasing the standard of living .
This will also lead to a society with more educated and self-sufficient families , where minimal subsidies are needed to help a minority of the population , thereby limiting spending on the problem of the aged or an aging population .
We all know that the elderly have devoted all their intelligence , knowledge and strength to our society .
Basically , it is the moral responsibility of our society to do its best to support the elderly even at the expense of other areas of the country 's development .
There is no denying the fact that each country has a limited budget , so it can not afford to spend too much on the elderly because it also has to spend on other areas of the country 's development .
For example , there are also many other needy people like orphans , the disabled or unemployed that want to be subsidized by the government .
It is very hard for them to earn enough money for themselves .
The fact is they can not compete with others .
Therefore , it would be a huge financial burden for their relatives to support them .
Unless the government spends more money to support them and create more job opportunities for them , they will be left to fend for themselves and .
However , we should consider who should be given priority and who deserves a share of the national budget the most .
The elderly usually do not have enough strength to do manual labor whereas mental work requires perspicacity and concentration , areas in which they can not compete with younger candidates .
For example , in Singapore , I have seen that almost all cleaners are the elderly .
Nevertheless , they do not look strong enough to do such manual work , but they still have to do it , to earn their own living .
Obviously , old people have fewer chances to work for their own living compared with other needy people who still have physically healthy physically bodies .
What is more , the elderly should be respected and for their contributions in the days of their youth .
The elderly were once hard working not only in raising their children but also in devoting their strength and intelligence for a better society like the one we have today .
Although there is a limit to the national budget and the government has to balance spending in different areas for the country 's development , subsidy for the elderly should not be cut .
If each person has a sense of responsibility towards increasing the size of today 's economy and tax base , then it will not be a big problem for us to spend more money on the aged .
For example , the fertility rate in the United States of America was at an all time high which was around the range of 3.0 - 3.5 ( Baby Boom Generation .
2009 ) . In fact , the name " baby boomers " was derived from an increase in fertility rates globally after World War 2 .
53 years later , the baby boomer generation is moving from the middle age to the senior years years , and issues regarding the aging process have started popping up like mushrooms after the rain .
Singapore , one of the most developed countries in the South East Asian region , has not taken this issue lightly .
According to the Ministry of Community Development , Youth and Sports , the elderly ( age 65 and above ) population in Singapore is at 8.6 % ( 2008 ) and it is expected to grow to 18.7 % by the year 2030
The research and development and social policies formed by the government are able to help ease the aging process of the aging population .
In the medical sector , extensive research and development has led to advancements in easing the aging process .
Through the development of new supplements , we now have a wide array of vitamins , tonics and so on for specific .
One of the common diseases that an elderly person has is osteoporosis .
This results in fragile bones which have an increased risk of incurring bone fractures .
Through research and development , the invention of bone densitometry has enabled doctors to detect osteoporosis earlier and give the right medical advice in preventing the disease from getting more serious .
This has greatly helped the aging population as
Besides that , the invention of the Magnetic Resonance Imaging ( MRI ) has also contributed to easing the aging process as cancer is able to be detected more accurately compared to when previous imaging technologies were used .
Therefore , through advancement in medical technology , the quality of life for the aged is still high thereby lengthening the life span of humans .
The main purpose of the CPF scheme is to provide financial security for the retired .
Under the CPF scheme , there are many subsidiary schemes such as Medisave , Medishield and Medifund .
These subsidiary schemes enable the aged to pay for their hospital and healthcare bills .
In addition , .
As the costs of living and healthcare have been increasing , these schemes are able to help reduce the financial burden of the aged .
Therefore , the CPF scheme created by the government has successfully ensured financial security for the aged so they would not need to search for employment to support their financial needs .
Other than the CPF scheme , a scheme for the aged named Eldershield was created to help the aged who suffer from disabilities .
The Eldershield scheme works like an insurance scheme which provides basic financial protection on a monthly basis for the aged .
The Housing Development Board has also created policies to cater to the aged such as " Granny Homes " and the Lease Buy Back Scheme .
" Granny Homes " is an economical choice for the aged when they live alone as the " Granny Homes " are small and easy to maintain compared to a normal HDB flat .
In addition to that , the aged would be living in a community of people in their age group , and this provides a good platform for the aged to socialize with their peers .
As for the Lease Buy Back Scheme , it provides an additional option for the low income elderly Singaporeans in 3 room or smaller flats to cash out part of the money locked up in their HDB flats for their daily expenses ( HDB , Electronic References , 2009 ) .
As most elderly stay alone these days and are not supported by their families , this scheme would be useful for them especially when they do not have stable financial security .
These two schemes created by the government would greatly relieve the burden of healthcare costs for the aged and so it would definitely benefit the aged .
In a nutshell , easing the aging process does n't just stop here with our current findings in the medical as well as other sectors nor with policies created by the government for the aged .
We should also play a part by taking care of our well-being in order not to be dependent on others for support .
At this moment in time , research and development still continues on to discover new findings and new medical inventions to help ease the aging process and also improve the quality of healthcare for the aged .
Governments are also looking into better ways and alternatives to provide the baby boomer generation a more secure environment with a lower financial burden , better health care and also better employability of the aged .
Nowadays , nobody can deny that an aging population is becoming one of the most serious problems to developed countries , including Singapore .
Recent research studies have shown that the proportion of the country 's residents aged 65 and above can reach the rate of 18.7 % in the next 20 years .
Population aging has become a cause of concern in the realm of finance to the government .
Should we limit public spending on the aged so that the money can be diverted to other areas of the country 's development ?
However , in my opinion , public spending could be more productive if the government knows how to control the money spent on the aged and also how to invest in areas of development .
Among several areas of public spending on the aged , such as medical subsidies , public infrastructure , pension schemes , and financial aids , healthcare must be considered the most important area .
As healthcare costs are now getting more and more expensive , it becomes harder and harder for poor , old people to fulfill their payment for their medical bills .
Based on this situation , some claim that the government should automatically spend more on the aged , who deserve to be helped .
However , the national budget will come under pressure when growing numbers of elderly persons are supported by relatively fewer young persons , which leads to the question , " Can we really afford so much health care for an aging population , or are we heading toward a healthcare crisis in the near future ?
Nevertheless , the budget for healthcare is not infinite , so the government and policy makers must decide to which extent they will subsidize the healthcare cost of an individual , and this would probably depend on his own financial capacity .
The second reason is that public spending is not the only solution to the problem of population aging .
Researchers and policy makers have made a lot of suggestions and developed a lot of strategies to help buffet the negative impact of an aging population on our society .
Some of these include encouraging later retirement , , encouraging the elderly and their families to take more responsibility for their health , etc .
Therefore , instead of spending too much money on the aged , the government can think about realizing some of these policies , or or developing policies to solve the problem .
Last but not least , Singapore must spend money on a large number of other essential areas of development , such as education , infrastructure , defense , investmentsand so on
These areas of development are the key that a country needs in order to become a developed one .
Without good infrastructure , there will not be sufficient facilities for the country .
Without a good defense system , people will live in the danger of terrorism as well as of being invaded by enemy nations .
Therefore , these areas of development must be well invested in .
Moreover , when all of these areas are developed enough to fulfill , the living standard of Singaporeans will increase . Consequently , , the aged will receive more help and budget from the society , and they may even earn more money to support themselves too .
In conclusion , Singapore , as well as many European and North American countries , is facing the problem of an aging population .
If we do not put enough effort to solve the problem right now , it will be a problematic issue in the future .
As the problem is controversial and there are a lot of different opinions surrounding it , the government and the policy makers must know how to make the right decision to come up with the best solution for the country .
We need to consider many factors that affect our decision , such as whether we have enough money to afford all the healthcare cost , or whether there are any other areas of the nation 's development that really need our investment .
Among these , the increasing number of aged people as well as the decrease in fertility rate as a new way of living is a challenge that the world has to face in the next decade .
, especially in developed countries like Germany or Japan , where the aged population will make up a large proportion of the population soon .
, the elderly is receiving more and more support from the government , which is a strategy in social welfare development .
Therefore , this spending should be reconsidered carefully to avoid financial shortage in other areas of the country 's development .
As part of the effort to enhance social welfare , a lot of schemes have been adopted and operated in recent years for the sake of the elderly population .
Some intermediate and long-term care facilities like community hospitals , services like home medical and home nursing services , and aid like public subsidies in Singapore are perhaps good examples of support from the government .
In reality , the schemes below certainly accounted for not a small percentage of the increased public spending .
This growth in number of projects put heavier pressure on the government budget , which consequently created an imbalance in the expenditure for different domains .
This spending , furthermore , is likely to increase more and more in the next few .
Firstly , at the personal level , the aged have to be responsible for themselves .
When individuals are still at the working age , they should provide in advance for their life after retirement .
Saving and investing more of their income , for instance , are some ways to prepare for their old age .
Secondly , at the social level , it is the filial obligation of children to take care of their parents when they grow old .
This will obviously help to reduce the expenditure by sharing between the government and its citizens .
The most important reason why the government should limit spending on senior citizens is that it will constrain other sectors from taking advantage of the government budget .
Once the support for the elderly takes up too much of the budget , then other sectors of society can not receive adequate financial assistance .
Compared with the rise in expenditure for health , community development , youth and sports as mentioned below , government investment in strategic sectors like education in Singapore between 2005 and 2008 decreased from 994 to 856 million dollars ( nearly 14 % ) ( 2 ) .
In addition , there are other sectors such as industry , transportation and information technology which also play an important role in building a solid infrastructure for the nation 's development and which thus require proper concern from officials .
However , with a limited budget , the government is not capable of covering all expenses .
To a certain extent , restriction on is reasonable and necessary so that can be used to expand many other crucial areas .
This will contribute more to the progress of the society than .
In short , the government and policy makers should come to a reasonable decision on all projects .
In the face of a limited budget , public spending , should give priority to necessary schemes and identify which cost can be reduced in order to .
Clearly , the government can cut down on excessive support for the elderly because there are many other ways .
In this way , the money saved can be used to implement more urgent and practical policies that also contribute to the nation 's strength and potential .
According to the United Nations , 1 in every 5 persons throughout the world would be aged 60 years or older by the year 2050 .
One of problems is that the government might need to channel more revenue to meet the demands of the elderly group .
In the long run , this can lead to shrinkage in the Gross Domestic Product ( GDP ) of the country or even affect the other sectors of development .
To prevent such situations from happening , different governments of the developed nations have come up with policies to confront the challenges of an aging population .
However , this is not a fair assessment because there are elderly patients that have been abandoned by their children .
This is because some of them might find means testing humiliating as it forces people to declare themselves to be in poverty .
These examples go to show that the means-testing policy has not fully catered to the demands of its targeted group .
One of these considerations for couples is the need to strike a balance between family and work life when a new member is added to their family .
Lastly , the policy to raise the retirement age in developed nations does not serve as a long-term solution in meeting the needs of the elderly .
In Singapore , the government intends to raise the retirement age of the working group to 62 so that the elderly can continue to support themselves financially .
An employer would prefer to hire a young adult as compared to an elderly as the former can contribute to the company for a longer period of time .
Some might argue that even though the elderly can not compete with the younger generation for jobs , the government does organize job fairs to help the elderly seek jobs .
However , although these job fairs provide more working opportunities for the elderly , the success of such job fairs is largely dependent on the receptiveness of the elderly 's expectations of the scope of the new job .
All these obstacles show that raising the retirement age does not address the concerns of the elderly well .
Therefore , it is clear that social policies do not always meet the needs of the groups they seek to cater to .
No matter how well a social policy is constructed , there are still loopholes that are often overlooked by policy-makers .
Furthermore , it is important to note that social policies should be flexible so that they can make suitable changes to meet the demands of the society at different points in time .
Once the demands are met , the route to easing an aging population would be much more smooth-sailing than it is being thought .
It is common to see a society aging with the elderly population rising rapidly in recent years .
Although the society has a moral obligation to do all that it can to help the elderly , there are still limits to the budget the government can allocate to help the aged .
When there are limited resources , scarcity is unavoidable which leads to a situation where not everyone will benefit and there will be those who are in need who will be left out .
When policies are constrained by a budget .
One of the examples is the government plan to extend the working lifespan of the elderly .
With every year that by , they face the limitations of their physical and mental strength .
loss in sight , hearing and mobility as well as the development of are very common .
They also have to face the fact that they are unable to keep up with the workload they used to handle in their younger days even if they want to .
No matter how experienced or skilled an elderly person is , he or she will always be at a disadvantage compared to those who are younger , more energetic and most importantly , more productive than them .
Therefore , spending on the elderly should not be limited in order to better them .
Besides that , what the Singapore government did was introduce the Baby Bonus scheme to the public with the objective of encouraging the public to have more children .
This is important , as having more youths will increase the productivity of the country as well as spread the cost of development over a large population .
However , this scheme has not worked as well as predicted even though the government has put efforts into promoting it .
The scheme netted only a gain of 129 citizen births last year in 2008 compared to the number of births in 2003 .
Such a scheme is impractical even if it may work in the long run .
The reason is that not everyone is willing to have a baby just to get the benefit offered by the scheme .
Therefore , resources should be diverted directly to help the elderly to be able to cope with their problems immediately .
This may sound good and interesting but with the current economic status , where is less economic growth , tougher choices need to be made to cope with the demand of the society .
Even if the economy improves , the expenses of the elderly will just keep on getting higher ; it seems to only benefit the government and not the elderly .
Furthermore , will heavily burden those who have an elderly person at home and such stress leads many of them to abandon their elderly .
Besides that , there are still a segment of people that have no job , no savings nor even no family that we often .
If expenditure on the aged is cut off , how would we expect them to be able to survive and it is supposedly the obligation of the government to provide shelter to these people .
Although there are other areas such as education , infrastructure and defense that require our attention , it is also of equal importance for us to have the same concern for the elderly .
These people are the ones that have dedicated themselves to the development of the country in the past .
It is their right to enjoy the privileges provided by the government after their retirement .
If the expenditure towards the elderly is limited , many will be left in a lurch and thus among the elderly .
The tremendous improvement in nutrition and medication has led to life expectancy in the developed world increasing significantly .
Thus , many national budgets and economies will come under pressure as growing numbers of elderly people outnumber the number of younger people .
Despite all that , public spending on the elderly should not be limited as society has the moral obligation and to assist them in all aspects .
The elderly have contributed much to the country 's development so public expenditure on the elderly should not be limited .
It is undeniable that the elderly have made immense contributions to the country and their sacrifices create the relative social and economic comfort we enjoy now .
The elderly have become bright examples for the younger generation in various domains .
Many of them have made valuable contributions to the country in different fields such as politics , science and technology , economics and culture as well .
On top of that , most importantly , they have contributed to the nation by imparting their knowledge and experience to the younger generation .
For instance , over the years , the elderly have helped to build up the economy of Singapore by developing several policies and they have worked hard in securing and maintaining the stability of the country .
Although many may argue that public spending on the elderly should be limited , this will create an impact on the society and increase .
The limitation in public spending on the elderly may cause family members and individuals to shoulder a bigger responsibility in taking care of the elderly .
In addition , some of those expenses incurred to support the elderly will end up getting shifted back to the public sector through less direct and more expensive means .
For example , the rising cost of healthcare for the elderly has taken its toll on and many can not afford it .
Consequently , conflict and arguments among family members may occur in this matter .
Families and local communities will have to deal with those by restructuring welfare programmes .
Furthermore , the limitation in public expenditure on the elderly will also affect the level of physical , mental and emotional well-being of an elderly person .
With the decrease in public spending on the elderly , many elderly people will come under pressure as they will have greater financial dependency on others .
Subsidies on health care and treatment at community hospitals and nursing homes for the elderly for instance will be cut off , hence leaving the elderly to fend for themselves .
All this pressure could make them suffer from mental illness as their children may not look after them .
For most of the elderly , family members are the major source of social and financial support .
Without that support , the elderly may start to spend time reflecting on their past , remembering disappointments and that stage of life may turn into a time of despair and loneliness , with only little positive meaning in life .
All this could eventually lead to suicide and depression among the elderly .
The elderly should benefit from government , family and community care in all aspects to help them to ease their burden after what they have done for us over the years .
public spending on the elderly constitutes a safety net for them and all parties should work hand in hand to resolve .
The aging population has of late become a subject for discussion because the growth of an aging population has brought about serious health issues and social problems in the developed nations .
National budgets will also come under pressure as a growing number of elderly are supported by relatively fewer younger people .
Thus , to deal with such challenges , research has been carried out and development as well as policies have been developed to help the elderly .
The development in the field of economics has surprisingly contributed to easing the aging population problem .
Researchers believe that the critical challenge of an aging society is not only about how to accommodate the older population , but about how to ensure the productivity of future workers , regardless of age .
Thus , have been done by the government in encouraging the economic growth in our country in order to decrease the problems that may arise from the aging process .
To encourage the economic growth of our country , our government has worked hard to develop the tourism industry in our country .
Tourism in our country has successfully created a wide range of occupations for our citizens , such as tour guide , airline staff , drivers , hoteliers , caterers and interpreters .
The lower barrier to elder employment which has been set by the government has allowed employers to take in older workers to work in the jobs mentioned above .
People can work longer , accumulate more wealth and increase their savings .
At the same time , the poverty rate can be decreased .
After retirement , the elderly can also use the money that they have earned to support themselves without depending on their families .
By improving the business environment , our country has also undergone a dramatic climb in our economy .
This has created more business for our local traders .
Thus , taxes which are collected have increased and the income of our country has also risen .
These taxes have been used in the development of medical technology to help cure the incurable , such as heart attack , tuberculosis , cornea impairment and cataract .
There are also medical facilities and systems which have been lately introduced , such as laser therapy , dialysis machines and microsurgery .
With all these modern technologies , human life can be extended and people can live more healthily .
The elderly can be stronger and fewer of them will be suffering from medical conditions , such as stroke , diabetes , cancer and high blood pressure .
Employers who claim that the elderly are restricted in ability and mobility will also no longer have any excuse to reject elderly individuals who wish to work in their organization .
The government has worked hard to create opportunities for foreign investors to encourage foreign investment .
This has increased the foreign currency exchange and stopped the outflow of our local currency and hence strengthened the value of our money .
As a result , there has been a significant growth in our economy that has increased the income of our country .
The government has used the money to build more community hospitals and nursing homes which are well-equipped with elderly-friendly facilities .
They also provide a range of services to meet the needs of the elderly , such as medical care , nursing care , physiotherapy , dietary services and dental care .
The elderly can be admitted into the community hospitals or nursing homes if they need daily skilled nursing care or assistance in the activities of daily living because they have no caregiver to look after them at home .
On the other hand , there will be more choices and fewer people in need when there is sufficient economic growth .
The growth of the economy can solve many problems which arise from an aging population .
Excuses such as high cost of living making it hard for working adults to pay for their elderly 's living expenses will not exist too .
Obviously , efforts that the government put into developing the economy of our country have resulted in successful growth and inevitably , this has contributed to easing and solving the problems of an aging population .
Many developed countries are now facing the same crucial issue : an aging population .
Take Singapore as an example ; she will be witnessing a drastic demographic shift in history , with the age population ratio predicted to change drastically from one in twelve residents being over the age of 65 in 2005 to one in five residents in 2030 ( Community on Ageing Issues , 2006 ) .
Hence , there would be a need for governments to increase expenditure on the aged to accommodate this burgeoning age group .
, the crux of the issue here lies in how much this spending on the aged should be capped at .
critics argue that by limiting the amount spent on the aged and diverting the resources to other areas of the country 's development , the essential needs of the elderly would be neglected .
One such example is the healthcare needs of the elderly .
It would hardly be a surprise that healthcare costs for the elderly would continue to escalate in the decades ahead .
Furthermore limiting of public spending on the aged would shift more of these healthcare costs to the elderly themselves , causing the elderly to shoulder a heavier financial burden .
Additional profits reaped from the investment in other areas of the country 's development could in turn contribute to on the elderly significantly .
In fact , it is inevitable for the government to divert money to the other areas of development as an aging population affects these areas significantly .
One considerable implication of an aging population is its possible impact on the country 's future macro-economic performance ( Schuiz , Borowoki , & Crown , 1991 ) .
As the baby boomers , , begin to move out of the workforce , the country will face the problem of a shrinking workforce .
In Singapore , there are currently 8.5 economically active persons to support one elderly person .
By 2030 , the labour-dependency ratio will drastically drop to only 3.5 persons supporting one elderly person ( Central Provident Fund [ CPF ] Board ) .
This shrinking workforce may signal the advent of a less productive workforce and greater financial strain on the members of the workforce as they need to produce adequate amounts of output to support the burgeoning elderly population ( Schuiz et al. , 1991 ) .
sufficient economic growth would bring prosperity to the country and in turn benefit the society as a whole .
The additional profits reaped from this investment may in turn be re-channeled to the public funds to help the needy ones , including the elderly .
Hence , the investments in other areas of the country 's development would not be at the expense of the needs of the elderly ; in actual fact , they could create a win-win situation .
The government is still taking care of the aged in various aspects .
For instance , the Singapore government has passed the Maintenance of Parents Act to allow elderly parents to file lawsuits against their children for financial support ( Khalik , 2009 ) .
In addition , the government has long enforced individual savings through the mandatory CPF , compelling the population to save for their old age ( Wijaya , 2009 ) .
This approach taken by the government would enable the individuals to accumulate wealth , and hence depend less on their family and the government financially in their twilight years .
these various aspects show that governments have taken a more well-rounded approach in taking care of the needs of the elderly ; and that public spending on the aged is not and should not be used as a single depiction of how governments can express their concerns towards the elderly .
In a nutshell , limiting public spending on the aged and diverting resources to other areas of the country 's development do not necessarily mean that the government is neglecting the needs of the aged .
One should note that setting limits on public spending on the aged reduces the over-dependency of the aged on the government while diverting resources to other areas of development allows the country to prosper and subsequently benefit the whole community , which includes the aged .
It is through this approach that pressing issues such as the economic implications of an aging population can be resolved and at the same time , more revenue can be generated to help the needy that includes the elderly as well .
This essay will discuss the limit that should be imposed on the amount of funds that should be budgeted for the aged that would constitute a fair distribution of government resources .
If there is a tendency to spend more than necessary on the aged , other sectors of the economy might find that they lack finances to function adequately .
There is no doubt that some of the aged need help .
There is no doubt that we should ensure that the aged can age with dignity .
However , not only the aged , but who are dependent on the government 's help should also have the right to live with dignity .
It may be true that without help from the government , some senior citizens would struggle just to survive .
However , if the state takes care of the aged unconditionally , it would be a policy impossible to maintain in the long run .
Not having a limitation based on the results of means testing would lead to a large number of people applying for grants even when they are not in dire need of such concessions .
This is to make sure that those who eventually get the money are those who genuinely need financial assistance , not simply because they fall into the right age category
( Stolberg and Zeleny , 2009 ) President Obama aims to modify America 's health care policy to one that 'provides security and stability to those who have insurance and cover those who do not , all without adding to the federal deficit' .
This is due to the fact that the USA is a welfare state and provides pension for the retired .
This financial scheme has resulted in the USA being the country spending most on health care , leading to a great strain on the government budget ( The New York Times , 2009 , 14 September ) .
In light of this , we can be sure that this excessive amount of money is not well-spent .
Therefore , public spending on the aged should be limited to prevent misuse of funds that could be better channeled back to the economy , where more government revenue would most likely be generated .
In the society today , there are certain industries , known as public goods , which require government involvement to exist .
For example , .
Such facilities benefit everyone in the country and it is difficult to exclude anyone from enjoying them .
The wide spread of such a mentality would then result in the government having to provide these services .
Therefore , if public spending on the aged is not limited , there will be less funds channeled to projects such as the building of roads , the provision of street lights , the maintenance of the police force and cleaning of the streets .
With a restricted budget for these sectors , we may have to live with a lower quality of life and a less secured nation , which would also lower the living standards amongst the aged .
Everyone is dependent on government aid to varying degrees .
A good balance must be struck to ensure that as few people as possible are deprived of government support due to poor distribution of state monies .
This essay will discuss current political research and development that help to ease the aging process in the context of Singapore .
The aging process , which involves physical , psychological and social changes among human beings , often brings about the deterioration of physical and mental health and loneliness .
These will increase the nation 's health expenses and pension fund .
To a large extent , the aging process has been alleviated by current social policies and implementation that emphasise individual responsibility , familial commitment and residual model policies- often known as government intervention .
Government has placed policies that emphasise individual responsibility and which have been proven effective to ease the aging process .
Every working Singaporean with a minimal income of five hundred dollars will have to contribute to the Central Provident Fund ( CPF ) .
These accounts are meant for medical expenses , investments , emergencies and retirement to ensure that the citizens have sufficient money when they reach old age .
However , despite having these accounts , senior citizens may still face problems with paying their medical bills and daily expenses as these accounts are subjected to withdrawal limitations and high eligibility age barriers .
Therefore , it is vital that senior citizens have a healthy lifestyle and to be active in the workforce in order for them to be in good health and have the ability to self-provide .
The Singapore government has been actively educating senior citizens about the importance of healthy living and community activities and campaigns .
For instance , the Health Promotion Board has introduced healthy aging programs and formed interest groups like Tai Chi and Karaoke Singing Clubs among the residents in the communities .
These activities promote physical and mental wellness for senior citizens as well as enlarge their social circle by making friends .
The Singapore government has devised plans and policies to develop a strong sense of familial commitment in order to ease the aging population burden of the state .
Evidently , these policies are deemed to work as statistics ( Ministry of Community Development , Youth and Sports [ MCYS ] , 2005 ) have shown that the majority ( 76.4 % ) of senior citizens live with their children ( p. 10 ) and 44.7 % of the senior citizens depend on their chilchildren for financial support ( p. 28 ) .
Policies include tax relief for taking care of elderly parents or grandparents taking care of grandchildren while both parents work , and public housing schemes like grants to citizens to purchase flats in areas where their parents live .
Indirectly , this will strengthen family ties and allow senior citizens to seek companionship with their children or grandchildren .
However , there are still cases whereby children refuse to support their parents though they are capable of doing so .
With the introduction of Tribunal for the Maintenance of Parents ( Ministry of Community Development , Youth and Sports [ MCYS ] , 2009 ) , parents who are over 60 and incapable of supporting themselves can file petitions to seek financial support from their children .
Nevertheless , the pillars of the future are further instilled with the importance of moral values such as filial piety through moral civics lessons in schools to highlight the importance of familial commitment .
Lastly , Residual Model policies are in place to ease the aging process as they act as the last straw of the social safety net when the elderly lack self-reliance or have no familial support ,
for instance , the Public Assistance Scheme whereby senior citizens are given cash grants and free treatment at polyclinics and government or restructured hospitals .
Another example is the Medical Endowment Fund ( Ministry of Health [ MOH ] , 2007 ) , which is known as Medifund and Medifund Silver , whereby the elderly are given provision for medical funds due to not having a Medisave or Medishield Account , not having accumulated enough in these accounts , or having no immediate family member to pay their hospital bills .
This enables every senior citizen to to receive medical attention when needed .
An argument against these assistance schemes is that these will increase the dependency of senior citizens on the government as they know that they will be provided if they are unable to pay for their medical bills .
However , government stresses that these policies do not entitle all citizens to share the same benefits through mean testing , whereby the individuals are assessed according to their financial situation and bill size .
Affordability is now dictated by the government and the patient who is considered not qualified for the fund will end up paying more . This will in turn highlight the importance of self-reliance .
Although there are still flaws in the current policies , shortcomings of one policy can be overcome with other policies and developments .
To a large extent , current policies have helped to ease the aging process . However , it is important that all the policies are put together to achieve the optimal result .
On the whole , the Singapore government has not overlooked the underprivileged senior citizens by providing a safety net to ensure that their basic needs are met .
Therefore , in helping the aging population age gracefully , the Singapore government has constantly emphasised the importance of self reliance and shunning away from being a welfare state without undermining the familial commitment and work ethic of senior citizens .
Aging with grace means good health and lifestyles , financial stability and being in the company of family and friends .
More countries are facing problems brought about by the aging process in the social as well as the economic aspects .
Vaccination prevented people from getting life-threatening diseases in the past , such as tuberculosis , which is no longer a big threat today .
Despite the perplexing issues arising in the process of aging , the government has put in much effort in developing policies and aiding in research to alleviate its negative impact on society .
To increase the number of people in the workforce , countries such as Singapore encourage foreign talent to contribute to her economy .
The government also implemented " baby bonus " to encourage couples to procreate which would increase labour in the long run .
Reuters ( 2007 ) reported that Singapore plans to raise the retirement age for citizens from 62 to 65 by year 2012 to account for the higher life expectancy of the population .
Hence , Japan invented robots to replace the lack of manpower due to the aging population .
These robots can also play a role in taking care of the elderly in the ; for instance , the wheelchairs that operate using buttons can replace humans pushing them .
With technological advancement , pressure on economy can be eased .
The elderly are less flexible and their movement is limited especially when they are facing a stage in life when they are more susceptible to suffer from movement-restricting diseases like osteoporosis .
Statistics show that elderly still engage in exercises and the elderly who take part in tai chi are 47 % less likely to fall down due to increased balancing ability and confidence .
Moreover , this research also shows that exercises reduced hip fracture rate by 25 % in postmenopausal women .
However , despite some elderly being more active than others , most elderly find it difficult to move about .
Therefore , the Housing Development Board ( HDB ) in Singapore has proposed to build lifts that stop at every storey in the Life Upgrading Programme .
In addition , more ramps and slopes are to be built to ensure the mobility of wheelchair-bound elderly and also the physically disabled .
The government can only implement policies or introduce incentives to encourage individuals to ease the aging process . It is up to the citizens to decide whether they want to take part in helping the economy and society in the long run .
Therefore , I strongly agree that much has been done by the government to help ease the aging process .
According to United Nations statistics , by 2050 , one of every five people will be 60 years old and above and the total number of people who are 60 years old and above is projected to be around 2 billion .
It is a cause for concern , as more elderly present in the society will affect our economic and social development significantly .
Therefore , in most parts of the world , governments are coming up with policies and sponsoring research to ease the aging process .
The aging process can be eased by increasing birth rates , increasing workforce productivity and reducing the physical and psychological aspects of aging .
Currently , governments have helped to ease the aging process in terms of economic , social technological development .
Firstly , an aging population greatly threatens a country 's economic development because with more elderly retiring , the workforce productivity falls sharply .
In Finland , which has the most rapidly aging population in Europe , has successfully raised the retirement age from 60.1 to 60.7 in 2004 , together with a pension reform introduced in 2005 to ease pressure on the state pension system
( Kunz , 2007 ) . Another method to increase workforce productivity is to invite foreign talents and immigrants to stay and work in order to counter the low birth rate of a country .
For instance , one of the main factors for Spain 's rising birth rates was due to a huge influx of immigrants from Latin America and North Africa
( Spain-Demographic Trends ) . However , these policies may not be effective because locals view foreign workers as a threat and may cause social unrest .
For instance , in Australia , there is a rise of hate crimes against immigrants .
Even so , employers should hire their employees based on their capability and not nationality in order to avoid such crimes and through this policy , it will increase a country 's competiveness , which will increase the country 's workforce productivity and boost its economy .
Therefore , by increasing the retirement age and recruiting immigrants , we have partly eased the economic aspect of aging process .
Also , their children may not be able to take care of their emotional welfare because of their busy career , hence they may be prone to depression .
In addition , the government is trying to encourage companies to hire older workers by giving incentives .
By doing so , the elderly will feel more socially accepted and there will be less cases of elderly dying alone in their house .
However , others may argue that these actions are not effective because educating the young does take a long time especially when aging is a pressing problem at the moment .
It is true that the fruits of education take years to harvest . However , according to statistics given , the national volunteerism rate in Singapore has risen from 15.2 to 15.5 in 2006 . This does show that more people are concerned about the elderly .
However , through education not only the youths will be more accepting of the elderly but also , in the future they will most likely not to practise ageism in the workplace and this thinking will be ingrained in the society thus generating positive outcomes .
Therefore , current policies and campaigns are effective in easing the social aspect of the aging process .
Moreover , with current technology advancement , we can tackle the physical barriers of aging problems such as low birth rate , increased productivity and reduced physical effects of aging , which may partly relate to elderly low self-esteem .
Others may argue that the main cause of the aging problem is actually longer life span itself .
By doing so , the aged will be more appreciated by the public ; it also does help to improve the country 's economy with an increased workforce .
Therefore , having longer life span does help to ease the aging process .
Hence , technological advancement does help to ease the economic , social and physical aspects of the aging process .
In conclusion , it seems that governments from all over the world are prepared to counter rising aging population problems .
Although certain measures are not effective immediately , we should continue to support them as it is worth the wait .
There is a saying that goes , " Give a man a fish and you feed him for a day .
" Providing the aged with health services and benefits and inviting immigrants can only ease the aging process temporarily .
However , by changing people 's mindset , people will be less discriminating against the aged and appreciate them more and are more willing to have more children .
Therefore , current research and policies have helped to ease economic development , as well as the and psychological aspects of aging process .
Eventually every one of us will grow old , therefore the effectiveness of these policies greatly concerns us . We should support them .
Thirteen developed countries have a median age higher than 40 years in 2005 . Leading these countries is Japan with a median age of 43 years ( United Nations Department of Economic and Social Affairs , 2007 ) .The aging population results in the increase of public spending on the aged .
Governments have adjusted national budgets to increase public spending on the aged including expenditure on healthcare , housing , pensions and transportation to cater to the needs of the aged .
The United States spent $ 2.1 trillion on health care in 2006 but increased to $ 2.26 trillion in a year after which elders have spent far more than children and adults ( The Office of the Artuary of US , n.d .
) . As the aging problem is likely to get worse in the future , public spending on the aged will constitute a large proportion of the national budget .
Therefore , limiting public spending on the aged is needed as money can be diverted to other development areas .
This limitation establishes a bottom line for public spending to control the budget but this does not necessarily mean having a cut down .
By limiting public spending on the aged and diverting money to other areas of development , government can increase economic growth .
There is a large proportion of public spending on the aged in the national budget due to a fast aging population .
Money can be diverted into other areas which require more budget such as business .
In fact , there was a significant shrinking in the economy which was 3.8 percent in 2008 compared to 4.7 percent in 2007 ( Mussa,2008 ) . By diverting more money into business domain , government gives incentives to companies in order to encourage them to explore and invest .
In the long run , it will stimulate the economy .
It will help to solve the unemployment problem . The real unemployment rate is 16 percent including persons who work less than they would like to and those who have dropped out of the labor pool instead of the official jobless rate which was 9.4 percent in July 2009 ( Channel News Asia,2009 ) .
Thus , economic growth will be increased by limiting public spending on the aged and diverting money into the business domain .
Moreover , the elderly are not the only members of society so public spending on aged should be limited so that money can be spent on children .
Children are considered as the foundation of a country as they will grow up to be leaders in the future .
Children need good education so that they can become well-versed and contribute to the country " s development .
In addition , public commitment to children has been threatened because of increased spending on the elderly .
According to an analysis done in the United States from 1980 to 2000 , the number of children living in poverty is almost three times the number of elderly over the past twenty years ( Organisation for Economic Co-operation Development , n. d .
) .Hence , diverting money to children should help to improve their quality of life .
Some critics argue that limiting public spending on the aged will become a financial burden to low-income families .
Their low wages are only sufficient for household expenses and children " s school fees .
However , low-income families can still obtain financial aid from government despite limitation to public spending on the aged .
Moreover , a tendency shows that elders themselves decide to have longer working lives .
Although they already reach the retirement age , they still decide to continue working so they will be able to support themselves in their twilight years .
For example , Japanese usually continue working until 70 years old ( OECD,n.d .
) .They will continue to be financially secure , instead of starting to depend on their family .
In conclusion , limitation to public spending on the aged and diversion of money to other areas of development should be implemented .
Money diverted into the business domain will be able to stimulate economic growth .
In addition , children are at a disadvantage if too much money is spent on the elderly .
Despite limitation to public spending on the aged , the real needy will still be able to obtain financial aid .
The consequences resulting from an unlimited increase in public spending on the elderly will become a financial burden to a country in long run .
Singapore 's life expectancy at birth for males is 78.4 ; for females it is 83.2 ( SingStats , 2009 ) .
The problems associated with the aging process can be categorized into five aspects , namely economic decline , mental agility , health , emotional and social problem .
Among all , economic and social policies are widely discussed in society .
Although it is impossible to increase the fertility rate in the short run , the problems of aging process are still alleviated by research and effective development and policies .
On the economic aspect , an aging population leads to shrinking workforce , low productivity and slow economic growth .
The annual inflation rate of Singapore has been increasing from 2.1 to 6.5 from 2007 to 2008 ( SingStat , 2009 ) .
The old age dependency ratio last year was 11.9 ( SingStats , 2009 ) which shows that 11.9 working persons would support one elderly .
Together with the problem of low fertility rate , government encourages Singaporeans to work longer to earn more for the future .
In order to encourage late retirement , the Singapore retirement age has been increased from 60 to 62 .
The CPF contribution rate for employers has been increased by 1.5 percentage points in 2007 in order for citizens to better prepare for the aging problem .
However , for older workers , the CPF contribution by both employers and employees has also been reduced in order to help the workers remain competitive and increase their take-home salary ( Channel NewsAsia , 2007 ) .
There are ramps for people using wheelchairs ; in most of the buildings , toilets and buses are specially designed to accommodate the elderly and the handicapped .
The Singapore social service sector has been taking care of the elderly with current housing , healthcare and job support policies .
HDB encourages children live in close proximity with their parents so that children can take care of parents during emergency .
Moreover , upgrading of housing lifts on every floor would make elderly life easier .
The Healthcare 3Ms , Medicare , MediShield and Medifund also provide subsidies for the elderly .
In order to benefit those who need help more , subsidy for hospitalization in public hospitals has been adjusted so that 60 percent of workers are able to enjoy full subsidy for type C and B2 wards whereas those have higher earning power will receive substantial subsidies for both C and B2 class wards ( Khalik , 2008 ) .
NTUC , WDA and employers have worked on the Job Re-creation Programme ( JRP ) to recreate and redesign jobs targeting older workers and providing training opportunities for them to take up new job openings .
Besides , SPUR focuses on retraining for older workers whereas ADVANTAGE !
Opponents of this position will argue that healthcare cost is still the main problem for the aging population .
A Medisave account may not be sufficient for many Singaporeans once they need to pay the medical bills for their parents , spouses and children .
Although most of the Singaporeans not only pay for their own medical bills , there are other subsidy schemes which may lessen their financial burden .
The elderly will receive monthly cash payout , therefore their children 's Medisave account can be used to pay for their own bill .
Other than that , the Interim Disability Assistance Programme for the Elderly ( IDAPE ) and Primary Care Partnership ( PCPS ) are other subsidy schemes available .
To summarize , government encourages later retirement in order to reduce elderly dependency and implement social policies such as subsidy on housing medical fees .
At the same time , more and more facilities are designed to meet the needs of the elderly and the disabled .
Therefore , current research and policies are able to cater to most of the needs of Singaporeans to prepare for old age .
Also , individuaindividuals have to keep fit to reduce the probability of getting ill in order to avoid expensive medical bills during older age .
However , the world must address yet another dire issue : an ageing population .
Such cost even micrifies the impact of the recent financial crisis .
However , leaders of the world have stepped up measures to combat this unforgiving phenomenon .
Ongoing research and implementation are initiated to allow the world to accept such emergence comfortably .
Reducing elderly dependency is one way in which governments can tackle the worrying phenomenon of a greying population .
In the past , the elderly were often labelled as slow and inefficient .
Therefore , the elderly should not be deprived of employment by providing more incentives for employers to attract such workers and help for those seeking employment opportunities .
Under the Main Upgrading Project ( MUP ) , grab-bars in the bathroom and non-slip floor tiles have been installed in upgraded sold flats .
However , there are many ways in which governments can compensate for the falling birth rate .
Longer paid maternity leave , more childcare leave and greater incentives for working mothers are some possible corrections to the problem .
Although this may increase the government 's expenditure , it is a necessary investment for a better future of the country .
For many decades , the world has been taking a lot of beating .
From the economic crisis in 1997 to uncontrolled viral spread such as H1N1 pandemic in 2008 , the world survived all these obstacles .
The repercussions of an ageing population are tirelessly being subdued by various helpful and effective solutions .
Nonetheless , with much support in place , the future of the world may not be as bleak as before .
Aging is a difficult process as the elderly are more inclined to get sick because of a lower immune system so having to recuperate longer would be financially draining .
Under the seniority based-wage system , it is more expensive to hire older workers ; and the perception that older workers are inefficient resulted in low employment rate among the elderly ( Lee , 2009 , para .
However , policies on the aged in Singapore have significantly heled to reduce the problems they face .
In recent years , the Ministry of Manpower has been working closely with its tripartite partners to enhance the employability of older workers ( as cited in NTUC , 2007 ) .
Coming in 2012 , the government will enact the re-employment legislation to enable the elderly to work beyond the retirement age of 62 ( as cited in Re-Employment of Older Workers Portal , 2008 ) .
This is preferred than increasing the retirement age because a higher retirement age might cause older workers to be less employable as they are no longer cost competitive which may result in them being laid off even before they are 62 ( cited in MOM , 2008 ) .
With re-employment , employers can provide jobs to their mature workers and also offer them a different job position with different salary and terms .
In terms of healthcare , the government has come out with a few financial assistance schemes to ensure that the citizens are able to afford healthcare and are prepared during their old age .
Other than the basic healthcare financing schemes like Medisave , Medishield and Medifund , the government has come out with another scheme called 'Elder Scheme' .
Other than financial schemes , the government also provides subsidies for patients who require intermediate and long term care .
The subsidies given could be as much as 75 % of the total bills depending on the family income and it is extended to community hospitals ( as cited in MOH , 2007 ) .
However , even with all of these policies and subsidies , there is no guarantee that the elderly are able to pay for all of their living expenses .
It is essential that they learn how to not only manage their wealth but also expand it so that when they choose to stop working , they would have enough money to pay for their necessities and have enough for any unexpected expenses .
To ensure that its citizen will be financially prepared when they reach their retirement age , the Central Provident Fund Board ( CPF ) has came out with a learning portal called 'Retirement Ready @ my cpf ' to help citizens to plan for their retirement ( as cited in CPF , 2009 ) .
Clearly the government and its related agencies have been working hard to help ease the aging process through many of its policies .
Through these , the elderly not only will be able to continue working ; they also need not worry much about their health expenses .
Singapore is facing a shift in the distribution of population towards older ages , where the median age of the population increase , as well as a decline in fertility rates , resulting in a rise in the number of elderly in Singapore .
Aging impacts a person 's well being in many ways , with both psychological and physical changes , including chronic diseases associated with it .
The labour age composition has thus shifted towards the older workers , where implications towards the competitiveness of Singapore 's economy will occur , especially if older workers do not make significant contributions to the productivity growth in the economy ( Thangavelu , Yong , 2006 ) .
Hence , more support and care for the aged should be provided which in turn will pose a strain to the younger generation .
This has reflected the importance for individuals to have the ability to support themselves through their golden years .
Facing high cost of living , Singapore has moved up from the 13th position in 2008 to the 10th in 2009 , in the worldwide cost of living ranking ( Mercer , 2009 ) , especially for the medical cost , where each household spends an increasing amount of expenditure in health care , with 3.3 % in 1998 to 5.1 % in 2003 ( Singstats , 2007 ) , and is expected to further increase in the future , with more aged citizens in Singapore .
Singaporeans have recognized the need to prepare for aging in terms of escalating medical costs , thus net withdrawal from Medisave scheme , including Eldershield , has dropped to 213.6 million in 2009 , and 62.5 million from the Medishield scheme ( CPF , 2009 ) .
Singapore has not only faced an aging population resulting from low fertility rates , but also longer life expectancy for individuals .
With rising life expectancy , given only a 2.5 % annual interest in the Central Provident Fund ( CPF ) , and with most funds in the CPF used to fund housing or tertiary education , the CPF figure left is no longer sufficient to last through retirement ( OCBC , 2005 ) .
" The best way for people to adjust to longer life spans is to continue working for as long as they can " ( PM Lee , 2009 ) , as working provides a source of income ; more savings can thus be built up .
Increasing the retirement age is insufficient to encourage individuals to work longer , hence the Re-employment policy will be enacted in 2012 .
In order to ensure that older workers are not at a disadvantage , Singapore established schemes such as smaller CPF contributions to the aged ( CPF , 2009 ) , as well as the Advantage !
Critics of the approach on lowered CPF contribution rates for older workers have argued that it is unnecessary , as 63 % of the respondents felt that " seniors are not weak and ill " and 87 % felt that " senior citizens can play an active role in society " ( C3A , 2008 ) .
Therefore , to make the aged more employable , there is a need to move away from the seniority-wage system and reduce the CPF rates .
In conclusion , people are living longer resulting from better medical facilities . With the policies introduced to help ease the aging process , Singaporeans will be able to keep themselves occupied before formal retirement , and to be able to build up their retirement nest and retire in comfort .
Through amelioration and subsidizing of healthcare and public facilities , the problem of aging population has been eased .
Over the last 5 years , Singapore government health expenditure for citizens has increased from $ 1.53 billion in year 2002 , to $ 1.93 billion in year 2006 which is an average growth rate of 6 % per annum ( as cited in Ministry of Health , 2007 ) .
Through the increment on healthcare expenditure , we can see that the government is bringing in better technologies and focusing on Singaporeans ' health .
With advanced healthcare facilities , preventing or curing diseases has been made possible .
One of the most common diseases associated with old age is Senile Dementia , where the patient encounters mental deterioration ( loss of intellectual ability ) .
Studies show that of people over 80 , 20 % suffer from Alzheimer 's disease ( as cited in health-cares.net , 2005 ) .
For instance , researchers have invented medications such as tacrine and donepezil which are used by patients with mild to moderate Alzheimer 's disease ( as cited in health-cares.net , 2005 ) .
In Singapore , having one of the fastest aging populations in the world , with an estimated 23 % of the population to be over 65-year-old by the year 2030 , there is a need for more hospitals to be built to meet the needs of the aging population ( as cited in Singapore faces 'silver tsunami ' , 2009 ) .
Hence , Jurong General Hospital which will open in five years and Khoo Teck Puat Hospital which will open next year will be linked to a community hospital next door .
This is to ensure that older people will have the right health care treatment at the right place and in return help them to cut costs ( as cited in The Straits Times , 2009 ) .
It is understandable that older people often require more medical care , but they need not remain in the hospital for this care .
In June 2006 , Singapore Bus Services ( SBS ) Transit launched Singapore 's First Ever Wheelchair accessible buses - Service 21 ( as cited in SBS transit , 2006 ) .
Similarly , another public transport operator Singapore Mass Rapid Transit ( SMRT ) came up with its first wheelchair-friendly buses on June 2009 ( as cited in Wheelchair-friendly bus , 2009 ) .
Even with government subsidies and paying their CPF they might still find it difficult to handle hefty medical bills .
Hence , even a small family with a monthly income of $ 10,000 might also find it difficult to cope with a big hospital bill , if it has to support one or two elderly people with a chronic illness ( as cited in The Straits Times , 2004 ) .
Hence , policies such as senior citizens ' bonus where lower-income elderly aged 55 and above with an annual income of $ 100,000 or less will receive $ 200 to $ 1000 over a period of 4 years ( as cited in GST Offset Package , 2009 ) to lighten the burden of lower income families .
There is no need to worry as statistics shows that direct subsidies to patients have increased from $ 850 million in 2001 to $ 1.6 billion in 2007 and it is projected to increase to $ 2.2 billion in 2012 ( as cited in Ministry of Health , 2009 ) .
In conclusion , amelioration and subsidizing of healthcare and public facilities has eased the problem of aging population .
Therefore , maintaining a healthy lifestyle , saving up for the future and contributing monthly to their CPF account assist citizens to prepare them for better retirement and lower their economic burden .
Easing The Aging Process in Singapore
Singapore society 's aging process brings on numerous sets of challenges for the government .
The effects of the aging process in Singapore are as follows :
First , economic decline wwill occur as the size of the working force shrinks .
Second , decline in citizens ' health due to a weaker immunity system and age-related illnesses .
Third , social problems .
Therefore , the government has embarked on reforming its older policies and implementing new ones to cater to and prepare for population aging in Singapore .
For the purpose of this essay , the focus will be on Singapore 's policies economic and social problems because of the problem of aging .
When one works , it helps if one stays mentally aware , physically energetic , socially connected and financially independent .
Re-employment is one of its key goals .
Accordingly , the constitutional retirement age of 62 would be increased eventually to 67 ( Yap , 2009 ) .
Policies have not only been implemented in anticipation of the aging process but also in reaction to external factors like the global recession .
In reaction to the economic downturn , the Skills Programme for Upgrading and Resilience ( SPUR ) amounting to $ 600 million was started in November 2008 ( Yap , 2009 ) .
However , as evident from the above policies , Singapore was the only Asian country which won the AARP International Innovative Employer Award ( Yap , 2009 ) .
The award is given to companies in countries for showing innovative Human Resource practices that deal with matters related to the workforce , aged 50 and older ( Yap , 2009 ) .
Also by the end of 2008 , 700 unionised companies had already committed to re-employ close to 5,000 workers above the age of 62 ( Yap , 2009 ) .
The statistics show that reemployment is a useful tool and the government 's policies have had a positive impact on companies .
This benefit is not limited only to employed workers but unemployed workers also can turn to SPUR to sharpen their skills while they search for jobs .
Moving on , Singapore wants for its seniors , even the less mobile , to have a safe and accessible environment .
However , since July 2006 , HDB 's new public housing projects ( Yap , 2009 ) .
For example , switches and sockets low enough to be accessible from a wheelchair and toilets have been made wide enough and with hand rails .
It has also gained recognition locally and abroad .
When Singapore 's Ministry of Finance unveiled the government budget for 2009 , it was stated that an estimated total of S $ 66 million or 0.15 % of the total government expenditure will be spent on establishing various programs and upgrading facilities for the elderly ( Singapore Budget 2009 , 2009 ) .
As the problem of aging population intensifies throughout the years , there will always be a debate on how much of public spending should be allocated to the aged .
A sustained economic growth improves the level of business activities , ensures a low unemployment rate and increases government tax revenues .
More funds are thus available to finance additional projects for the needy including the aged .
This will inevitably constrict public spending on the aged due to a smaller pool of resources .
This is because the elderly have once contributed to the country 's economy and their well-being should not be overlooked when they age and are unable to work .
For example , one feasible policy is to encourage companies to provide extra training for the older workers to stay in touch with advanced technology , thus increasing their working lifespan disregarding health factors .
Also , there is ongoing medical research on senile dementia and Parkinson 's disease .
Everybody will grow old and is bound to experience the effects of it at one point in his or her life .
Only through research and development will we be able to gain knowledge on the issues circling them and come up with ways to overcome it ,
for example , the development of humanoid robots in Japan which promises to free us from physical labor and help us with our household chores such as folding laundry , doing the dishes , cooking , etc. ( Adams , 2004 ) .
Another R&D policy that has played a role in easing the aging process includes buses that are elderly- and handicapped-friendly .
These new buses are also " low floor " and for the elderly and handicapped ( SBS Transit , 2007 ) .
Apart from research and development , policies with regard to ageing population have also helped to ease the ageing process .
One such program is the Lift Upgrading Program where the lifts will now land on every floor as compared to the past where not all public housing was provided with access to lifts .
This does not only benefit the elderly , but the disabled as well as families with young children as well ( Housing and Development Board , 2001 ) .
In addition to this program , HDB has also come up with a policy which encourages children to live in close proximity to their parents .
In light of the increased awareness and growing importance of palliative care , demand for it has increased .
For example , there has been a rise in the number of patient referrals to Dover Park Hospice from 680 in 2006 to 750 in 2008 ( " Lifting Spirits " , 2009 , p. 13 ) .
By becoming more affordable , it helps to ease the financial burden of the patient and his or her family .
To conclude , research and development/policies have no doubt managed to ease the aging process but on top of that , palliative care also has a role to play in relieving suffering and improving the quality of life of people facing serious illnesses .
The current research and development as well as the policies drawn are effective in alleviating the ageing process such as decline in health , economic downturn and emotional problems of the elderly .
In this aspect , some critics argue that development in the medical field does not help address the ageing process .
The Singapore government will provide up to 75 % subsidy for the elderly provided that they are either Singapore citizens or permanent residents ; this also depends on the income of the family ( Ministry of Health : Subsidies for elderly , 2007 ) .
Hence , the policy is able to ease the ageing process through care for the deteriorating health of the elderly .
Current research in the medical field is conducted to find out the causes and cures for common illnesses among the elderly such as senile dementia and Parkinson 's disease .
When such research is successful , it will benefit humanity and better medical treatments in the world .
This will decrease the suffering of the elderly , making them less susceptible to diseases , thus helping to abate the ageing process .
Scheme ' was implemented in 2005 ; some companies such as retail and logistics have adopted it to help them recruit and retain workers aged 62 and above ( Ministry of Manpower , 2007 ) .
They will receive a grant if they live in the same town , or 2 kilometers apart from each other if they are to stay in different towns ( Housing Development Board , 2009 ) .
In conclusion , research conducted to discover more about the illnesses of the elderly and the policies implemented which provide subsidies as well as schemes to aid the elderly , will help to ameliorate the ageing process .
An ageing population will still be a problem in the future .
Family might be a better solution to abate the process , as it is the main emotional and financial support for the elderly .
An elderly is an irreplaceable and valuable asset that acts like glue which holds families together .
Having one of the fastest aging populations in Asia ( Chan , 2001 ) , Singapore faces a huge challenge in developing infrastructures and public policies in terms of healthcare , housing , re- training , transportation and financial aid to accommodate this changing age structure .
In the context of Singapore , the aged above 65-years old are projected to represent 23 % of the population by 2030 and this would be the second highest percentage in Asia after Japan ( Wijaya , 2009 ) .
The repercussions following the aging population would be social and economic concerns as the younger generations would have to struggle to support their families .
Therefore , society should be aware of its situation and address this problem before it becomes a severe issue for the country .
Subsequently , public spending on the different policies and infrastructures would benefit society and support the economy in the long run .
The different policies include financial aspects like the reinforcement of individual savings through the mandatory Central Provident Fund which helps the population save for old age ( Central Provident Fund Board , 2009 ) .
In relation to healthcare , Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong stated in his National Day Rally Speech ( Channel News Asia , 2009 ) the development of step-down care and the strengthening of 3Ms ( Medisave , Medishield and Medifund ) .
These policies would eventually apply to all individuals as aging is part of the human cycle .
Furthermore , it was recently announced that the government will be spending millions to encourage more people to upgrade or learn new skills by building training centres and providing training programmes ( Channel News Asia , 2009 ) .
The government will also introduce legislation in re-employment by 2012 ( Ministry of Manpower , 2008 ) whereby the older workers will be able to remain active in the workforce for a longer period and save more money for their retirement .
Critics may argue that the aging ones will eventually pass on , hence society should focus on the younger generations as they are the talent pool of the country .
scholarships , awards ) , technology , research and development is vital ,
as in the end , these young talents would be the ones supporting the economy .
Hence , we have a moral obligation to care for the aged and not forget the roots of how the country has come thus far .
This would also be considered
All in all , it is important that the government addresses the needs and issues of the aging population .
More public spending on the aged is critical as this expenditure on implementation of policies or infrastructures would be an advantage to all .
With a paradigm shift in many countries towards a greying population , many governments are confronted with the responsibility of implementing policies that assist the ageing process .
Different countries respond to this problem differently and the ease with which the elderly are living their lives is evidence of the creative policies that many governments have introduced to benefit them .
As with countries face the daunting task of ensuring that the needs of their elderly population are met , Singapore is not spared .
Shockingly , the age-support ratio has declined from 10.4 in 1998 to 8.4 in 2008 , resulting in a situation in which the current caregiver generation has fewer or no siblings with whom to share the burden .
Thus , the government has to critically consider these worrying demographic changes and allocate a satisfactory portion of the national budget to lighten the burden of the caregiver generation .
According to a national survey conducted in 2005 , more than half ( 65.9 % ) of the elderly population aged 55 and above were economically inactive .
It was reported that the government will be raising the current retirement age of 62 to 65 by 2012 and ultimately to 67 and has also made amendments to the Retirement Age Act which increases the employability of elderly workers .
( Peterson , 2001 ) However , the first barrier to starting a family among Singaporeans is the immense costs associated .
The housing policy alone affects the young couples ' choices .
During the process of house-hunting , the initial excitement of starting a family among couples might to fade .
Bigger families require bigger homes at steep prices which force couples to reconsider the decision to have more children .
To make matters worse , if the retirement costs and providing for aged parents are added into the equation , having children will be the last thing on the couples ' minds .
Last but not least , the strategy of emphasizing filial obligation and increasing the willingness of grown children ( Peterson , 2001 ) is not an easy feat .
It is heartening to read that almost fourth-fifths of the elderly ( 76.4 % in 2005 ) live with their children .
In fact , there are some parents who do not welcome the prospect of having unmarried children in their 30s living with them as they have the perception that living with more people under the same roof requires some sacrifice of personal space and freedom .
The truth lies in the fact that singles below the age of 35 are not eligible to purchase resale flats and are not able to move out of " Hotel Mama " , their parents ' flat .
In any event when the government cuts down or eliminates welfare benefits due to rising elderly-related expenditure , it ought to bear in mind the net effects of such actions ( Friedland and Summer , 2005 ) .
Bringing the issue closer to the government , by the citizens will plummet and they would rather render their support for opposition parties .
In essence , while the education and defence still remains as the government 's priority , it does not simply mean that expenditure for elderly welfare can be diverted to other areas .
Nowadays , the ills of old age " is no longer a topic that " only poets and philosophers " would be interested in .
Although problems related to aging population have become increasingly severe , with more priority , governments should limit its spending on the aging population .
This is because of three reasons : an increasing spending in dealing with problems with regard to an aging population would probably affect other objectives with higher priority ; the can not solve the " ills of old age " alone ; and the cost of unlimited spending on aging population can not justify the benefits in the long run .
Firstly , with a limited budget , .
While someone may argue that financial support to the elders offered by a government should be increased regardless of other objectives
Since the taxes is the main resource of governments ' revenue , and the tax base can hardly be increased in the short run , overspending a/ the limited budget on retirement welfare for the time being means less investing in improving infrastructure , and developing advanced technology , which could greatly accelerate economic development in the long run .
In that case , governments would have less financial flexibility due to the relatively smaller scale of economy with less tax revenue generated by the limited scale of workforce .
In real life , the shrinking workforce caused by an aging population has contributed to a significant decline in real GDP in some developed countries such as France and Germany .
This means that the capacity that these governments have to support an aging population in the long run would eventually be weakened due to a lower budget .
Secondly , the answer to the problem with regard to an aging population should be the cooperation between the elders themselves and the government , not simply by a given priority in terms of unlimited government spending .
For example , the government could help in training elders and engaging them with more jobs .
By doing so , government spending on an aging population could be effectively reduced .
Meanwhile , governments could invest more money in economic development , which is the governments ' first priority , and generate more revenue to support the aging population in the future though a larger scale of economy instead of an unlimited percentage increase in government spending .
These goals can not be achieved with most of the budget transferred to take care of the elders in the short run .
The problem with regard to an aging population would eventually be eased through more financial support generated from a larger scale of economy instead of increasing the percentage cost of the budget and participation of the elders themselves .
An increase in the population of the aging group implies there will be more government spending on the aged .
If the population of the aging group is still expanding , the national budget will soon be drained by supporting the aged group with welfare treatment .
The nation will be affected if this practice continues .Therefore , the government should amend the policy by limiting public spending on the aged so that the money can be diverted to other areas of the country 's development which will benefit the nation .
In my opinion , limited public spending on the aged enables the government to divert the money to other areas for the country 's development .
For example , the money can be used to support research such as research on hybrid seeds plant .
There are criticisms that the government 's spending more money on the country 's development will set aside the welfare of aging group .
However , if the government spends more money on the aging group , the country 's development will become stagnant and imbalanced as there is a lack of funds to run the country 's development projects .
if the public spending is diverted to other areas for country 's development , the nation including the aged will both gain benefits from the country 's development and economic growth .
Besides that , there are other groups of population which need more money than the elderly such as the orphans , the handicapped and others .
Often , the handicapped can hardly make a stand in applying for a job if they are to compete with the others because of their physical weaknesses and lack of living skills .
public spending will come in handy to support their living .
Some may argue that the aged need more money as they are unable to earn income to support their living .
However , the aged are still be able to be involved in the work field by extending their working lives and accumulating wealth for their later years .
In contrast , the handicapped can hardly get a job , not to mention that they can accumulate wealth through working .
Therefore public spending should be diverted to other areas to help the needy and unfortunate .
Furthermore , limited public spending on the elderly can encourage the grown-up children to take up their filial responsibility .
If the government reduces public spending on elders , those whose living cost depends on t public spending have to rely on their children for support .
In the past , the elders have worked hard to raise their children and provide the best for their children .
There may be opposing views which claims that the grown children do not have much money to support the elderly as they have their own families to support .
Nevertheless , the grown children can actually do some adjustments to their monthly expenditure by practicing cost saving to have sufficient money to support their own family and their elder 's living cost .
Examples include a need to build facilities that are elderly-friendly and heavy subsidizing their medical fees due to their poor health and low income .
It is only right that the government takes care of them , and spends vast amounts of money on them with no questions asked .
Other than the government spending , there are other alternatives which can be implemented to remedy the situation .
Firstly , it is through stressing filial obligation and increasing the willingness of tomorrow 's grown children , however numerous or productive , to support their own elderly parents through informal and familial channels .
The government should give incentives to children who live near their parents , such as cheaper housing , or give priority to them when allocating flats .
Therefore , if more funds are diverted to it instead of to the elderly , there is no doubt that the country will experience tremendous economic growth and be prosperous .
Spending on the elderly is necessary , and it could be done on a ration basis .
There are also other available alternatives which could be implemented to deal with the medical needs of the elderly , such as stressing filial obligations and introducing retirement schemes .
In a survey conducted by Manpower Incorporated , 40 % of global leaders felt that introducing population was to be one of the most crucial problems in the future ( AARP Multinational Survey of Opinion Leaders 2006 , March 2007 ) .
Firstly , governments have reduced the dangers of an ageing population by encouraging retirees to participate actively in volunteering ( MCYS Media Release No .
As a result , there has been a rising number of senior volunteers over the years .
According to Singapore 's Ministerial Committee on Ageing ( MCA ) , employment of Singapore citizens aged 55 to 64 increased from 53.7 % in 2006 to 56.2 % in 2007 ( MCYS Media Release No .
As a result , Singaporean working males aged 60 to 64 increased from 49 % in 1996 to 63 % in 2006 , while the number of females increased from 15 % to 26 % ( Ministry of Manpower Press Release , 22/2/07 ) .
The ageing process brings to mind deteriorating health which requires lots of medical attention .
This would lead to emotional problems , where an elderly feels like the " leftover of society " .
Singapore has looked into the development of infrastructure to create a barrier free society for the elderly .
The main areas of concerns were the Housing Development Board ( HDB ) precincts and public transport island wide .
Firstly , the government launched the Lift Upgrading Programme for the benefit of flat owners without direct access to lifts .
Next , new buses are now designed with low floors step-free and wheelchair accessible .
According to the Committee of Aging Issues ( CAI ) , a barrier free environment is important to allow senior citizens to live independently and move out into the community to participate actively in society ( CAI , 2006 ) .
In recognition of what the government has done , people have begun to ask if these improvements could really ease the ageing process .
We can not deny the fact that they require more response time and have certain constraints in physical movements .
For example , from young , schools teach civic and moral education to educate us on how to take care of the elderly , to be patient with them , to respect them and even offer help to them .
Television programs such as Crime Watch also increases the knowledge of elderly to be wary of conmen and to prevent crime by not wearing excessive valuables .
This not only keeps the elderly mind active , it also helps them to cope financially with rising medical costs and brings in self-satisfaction for being able to contribute to the society .
Secondly , CAI emphasizes having strong family ties across generations to ensure that the family continues to be the first line of support .
This is essential to the elderly so they will not feel so helpless and unwanted .
Lastly , the Government has also encouraged activities and interactions by setting up elderly corners at void decks with facilities such as chess tables .
The aim is to prevent the elderly from shutting themselves out of the society , resulting in mind-robbing Alzheimer 's disease .
With the development of infrastructure and medical field as mentioned above , these problems are better handled .
The aging population has been an ongoing problem in countries over the world .
This shows that more attention is required for the aging population to prepare it to embrace these elderly in the near future .
Hence , the public spending on the aged should not be limited and be spent on other areas of the country 's development as the money is needed for the healthcare and financial needs needsr the aged .
As one gets older , one is more vulnerable to illness which explains the need of spending on the healthcare industry .
In the CIA factbook ( 2009 ) , the life expectancy for Singapore is 81.98 years , which is ranked fourth in the world .
This means that the aged would live longer and drain their family 's and their own savings as the hospital fees are costly and thus more subsidies are required ( Friedland & Summer , 2005 , p.g.17 ) .
These screenings can also help to identify potential health problems that they might have and get them to seek treatment before it worsens and disrupts their daily activities .
Hence , spending on elderly healthcare is necessary as it helps to educate the elderly on the importance of a healthy lifestyle while reducing the burden on the elderly and their family for the costly healthcare services .
Therefore , retraining is needed for the elderly as through retraining , they can upgrade their skills and adapt to the demanding working environment to save for the future and contribute to the economy .
Hence , spending on pension and retraining for the elderly is essential and should not be limited as it aids them in being financially independent after retirement .
Education plays an important part in the country 's development and growth as it helps in nurturing the young who are the country 's future .
Nevertheless , the Ministry of Finance ( 2009 ) had stated that they are planning to provide quality education by setting aside $ 4.4 billion for basic education for the young and $ 3.5 billion for the higher educational institutions like the polytechnics and universities .
This is in the hope of improving the education sector and nurture the young better for the future of Singapore .
In conclusion , spending on the aged should not be limited due to costly healthcare expenses and limited retirement saving for the future .
These expenditures can help to improve the lifestyle of elderly and being healthy the elderly will be able to prolong their retirement which in turn helps in improving the economy .
A large amount of money is diverted to the R&D ( Research & Development ) sector to give Singapore a competitive edge over its competitors .
Well known welfare states such as Germany and Denmark do not necessarily do better or worse economically than countries which have limited social expenditure such as Japan .
From these statistics , we can conclude that it is also possible for Singapore to learn from these success stories and increase welfare expenditure while achieving economic growth at the same time .
Singapore is practicing the open market policy and thus is more susceptible to external factors .
Unlike China which has abundance in labour , Singapore on the other hand has little natural resources and is unable to compete with China on a large scale .
Teach a man to fish and you feed him for a lifetime " This is especially true for the senior citizens whose skills are outdated in the current society but have an able body to earn an income for themselves .
Senior citizens possess a large amount of experience which is valuable to the younger generation now , thus they are more of an asset than a liability .
" For every working adult in Singapore , He/She has to support 8.4 elderly residents aged 65 years and above ( Ministry of Community Development , Youth and Sports [ MCYS ] 2008 ) .
Thus with different government 's goals , the solution will be adjusted to suit the country .
Most importantly is the care and concern from the family which is vital to the well being of the elderly .
Those designs include the manoeuvring space for wheel chair bound elderly , visuals and vibration door bells for elderly with hearing impairment and additional safety features like emergency bells in toilets .
All these features will enhance the life of the elderly as they can perform daily duties with ease .
These also allow the elderly to be independent as they no longer need to rely on others ' help in their daily life .
It is an important innovation by the transport company , as it showcases its determination to improve the local transport facilities to facilitate transportation for the ones with special needs .
With the new technology , traffic lights will detect any/an elderly that 's still crossing the roads and adjust the timing accordingly .
With this system in place , fewer traffic accidents involving slower moving elderly are expected , as it allows the elderly to finish crossing before the drivers are signalled to go .
Preliminary rounds of test involving 30 elderly pedestrians show that the new system is welcomed by the elderly .
Local technology company ALCOM recently came up with the elderly friendly GSM mobile phone during the COMEX 2009 .
It has big key pads , easy call and hang up buttons , basic SMS functions and Phonebook memory . .
The SOS button behind the phone will provide instant access to their family members in times of emergency .
Despite numerous efforts to ease the process of ageing , government agencies seem to forget the basic survival requirements for the elderly .
Most of the above technologies come with a price , and not having enough cash for the elderly is effectively cutting off all their access to the aids provided for them .
Together with the increase of unemployment rates in Singapore , it presents a worrying trend of its citizens entering the retirement age of their life .
Understanding the needs of its citizens , Housing Development Board ( HDB ) introduced the " Lease Buyback Scheme " in March 2009 ( HDB Info Web , 2009 ) .
Current Research and Developments like the Home improvement designs from BCA , elderly - friendly buses from SBS transit , RFID traffic lights from LTA and GSM phones from ALCOM all hope to achieve the ultimate target of an easier life for the elderly .
In this economy driven society , taking too much of the public 's resources to support the elderly does not bode well for the future of the country .
Therefore , placing a cap on public spending to support the aged should be implemented .
For example , the education for our youths , the nurturing of the country 's youth is more important as these are the people who will eventually be the ones to carry the responsibility of maintaining the economic state of the country and to ensure a brighter future for her people .
A total budget of $ 8,701 million has been voted to MOE in FY2009 ( Singapore Budget , 2009 ) , most of which goes into the subsidising of school fees for local students .
This ensures that Singapore youngsters get a chance at education regardless of their financial status .
Therefore funds should go into the upbringing of the people who are able to drive the country forward in the future .
Another development sector to which Singapore directs most of its funds is to our defenses .
Their contribution to the society should at least be recognized and to a certain extent rewarded .
Some may argue that the incentives given by the government now are more than enough ; however , the number of elderly people with no homes is still alarming till date .
If the government were doing enough , no elderly should be seen sleeping on chairs in parks . They should be instead living comfortably in their homes enjoying the fruits of their labor .
Thus limiting the funds in this sector would mean restrictions placed around how much can be done to help these people .
On the other hand , as mentioned , in this economy driven world , it would be impractical to focus our finances on the people who are no longer efficient in what they used to do .
The country will simply be burdened by placing more funds into rewarding or simply sustaining the elderly .
They should have had savings in either the form of cash or CPF to sustain them , alongside with subsides from the government to help loosen the dependency on others for help .
There is too much human factor involved when it comes to whether elders should get more funds to help them cope in their latter days , which should not be part of any equation when other development sectors can benefit instead .
In sum , the limitation of public spending on the elderly and diverting it to other developments would serve well in driving the country forward .
On one hand it is only moral that they are well taken care because of the fact that they are the ones who contributed to the society before a new generation took over , while on the other hand allocating more public spending to them would hinder the growth of the country as a whole .
Trading the future for the past is simply not a practical choice .
Singapore has one of the fastest aging populations in the world , with people over 65 years old estimated by 2030 to make up 23 % of the population , making Singapore the country with the second highest percentage of this age group in Asia just behind Japan ( Asia Times , 2009 ) .
Some people think that the government has a moral obligation to do all that it can to support the elderly .
The high standard of living in many developed countries causes greater difficulties for working adults to support their parents ' medical expenses and still take care of their children 's needs .
In addition , rising medical cost makes it more imperative for the elderly to receive help in order to support their medical needs in the future .
However , this is not a practicable solution .
Some examples are the invention of a robot that is able to do household chores and the modification of public buses that can accommodate the elderly and the handicapped .
In 2009 , more than a quarter of the country 's expenditure , or $ 11.4 billion , had been directed to defence - an increase of 5.6 per cent over the previous year 's budget ( Singapore Budget , 2009 ) .
This has shown the importance the government places on the Singapore defence .
Military spending should be one of the top priorities of the government as it concerns the safety and security of everybody in Singapore .
In summation , it is important that the government continue to provide financial assistance for the elderly due to the increasing number of senior citizens .
The 'greying of society ' has become a serious issue for several developing and developed countries today .
There are several aspects of this issue that prove to be a cause for concern and public spending is seen as one of the ways to curb the problems .
For example , in Singapore , the economy has been projected to shrink by 6.4 to 9.6 %
Therefore to ensure effective public spending , funds should be channelled to several other economic and social aspects of the country 's development by limiting spending on the aged .
Therefore , firstly , money should be diverted to the economic sector , for the stimulation of the domestic economy .
assistance schemes such as the 'GST ' offsets , rebates , service and conservancy charge rebates serve to act as a stimulus for the country in the hope that the people will spend more to keep the economy afloat .
However , on the other hand , critics argue that the economic growth alone does not dictate a country 's development .
But if this spending can be alternatively channelled into other sectors of the country 's development , such as infrastructure and domestic economy as mentioned above , the country will achieve long-term success and stability .
Hence , the demographics of a country alone does not determine its destiny .
Therefore , public spending should be spent on a country 's economic development .
Public spending on education accounts for 19.3 % of the total budget and is second in terms of priority in spending only to defence ( Singapore Budget , 2006 ) .
Hence , a knowledge based economy will propel the nation into societal development .
Hence , public spending on the economy and other aspects of society outweigh spending on the aged as money can be better utilized elsewhere for a country 's development .
The issue of a graying population was highlighted in Mehta and Wee ( 2004 ) , who reported that one out of four Singaporeans will be 60 years and above by 2030 .
In other words , there will be a significant portion of the nation 's populace being senior citizens in the near future .
To facilitate the aging process , the Singapore government has since build on existing policies as well as developed new ones that are pertinent to the current society .
First and foremost , as Ministry of Community Development , Youth and Sports has announced , a law was revised in 1996 for aged parents to seek maintenance from their children , who are capable of supporting them and yet unwilling to do so .
In this aspect , the government is entirely supportive of children fulfilling their filial obligations .
The law advocates that adult children care for their aged parents instead of leaving them alone by themselves to integrate with the society and find their means of survival .
This was further supported by Peterson ( 2001 ) who has also brought up the concept of children 's responsibility in maintaining elderly parents .
Secondly , the Central Provident Fund ( CPF ) was cleverly devised as a social safety net for every Singaporean adult and his or her family members who are reliant on them .
In the society , there is still a fraction who remain jobless or whose jobs do not provide a steady contribution to the CPF .
This means that upon retirement , there will be those who are not entitled to receive a fixed amount monthly or be subsidized partially for their healthcare expenditure .
To make matters worse , treatment of illnesses goes beyond long hospital stays ; it stretches on after discharge and includes the need for rehabilitation , medication and so on .
Unfortunately , amidst the other expenditures such as housing rentals and utilities bills , families usually opt to decline treatment or even ignore their chronically ill parents .
On the other side of the coin , as in Mehta and Wee ( 2004 ) , the PAP government has promised that no Singaporean will be deprived of basic hospital care even if he or she is incapable of paying for it .
Thus , a MediFund scheme which is not part of CPF and is non-contributory was devised .
The fund comes from the government budgetary surpluses .
Additionally , the government has also provided a sum of $ 30 million for National Council of Social Services ( NCSS ) and those under its umbrella to execute a range of social services .
Social workers are also planted in the society who can direct families to appropriate helplines for instance , the rent and utilities assistance scheme ( RUAS ) whenever the need arises .
Therefore , in any area where individuals require assistance , be it medical affairs or retirement issues , there is always a policy or two which one can turn to for alleviation of one 's current situation .
A fast aging population is an issue that most countries including Singapore can not avoid .
Several problems which relate to the issue include health , financial and welfare problems of the elderly have come under the concern of the government .
Solutions such as having different subsidy frameworks for community hospitals to help patients to cope with the expensive bills ( Ministry of Health [ MOH ] , 2009 ) and monthly Transport allowance for the elderly who visit day-care centres ( Lin , 2008 ) were implemented to ease the tension that fast aging has brought to the low-income elderly .
A decrease in the labour force due to retiring workers and the need to provide the elderly with a place to stay are the issues that the Singapore government is working on now .
Fast ageing in Singapore has certainly affected its labour market as the retirement rate increases .
A research report done by the Ministry of Manpower Singapore in year 1999 showed that in year 2020 proportion of the elderly will be increased to 32 % compared to 16 % in 1998 ( Ministry of Manpower [ MOM ] , 1999 ) .
For example , new workers who are hired to fill the vacancy of the retired workers often lack experience and knowledge .
As a result , the workers might not be able to complete the task due to their minimum knowledge and skills ; therefore , , the functioning of the company will be affected ( MOM , 1999 ) .
One of the solutions to minimize the impact of labour shortage could be to re-employ the retired workers and allow them to guide the new workers on the job as well as share their working experience that will benefit the new workers .
Providing shelter to the single or low-income elderly is one of the priorities in the housing estate development program .
HDB will also be building more compact and affordable 30-year lease studio apartments to cater to the demand for the elderly aged 55 and above ( Tan , 2009 ) .
These include having lifts on every floor , installing features like support handbars in the toilets and along common corridors to assist in the mobility of the elderly and installing an alert alarm system in the house when the elderly residents need any emergency help ( Housing & Development Board [ HDB ] , 2005 ) .
No matter how many hardware facilities are installed to improve the living environment of the elderly , they still feel empty and lonely especially if they have no family .
According to a health related article published by Changi General Hospital , the elderly tend to be at a much higher risk of depression and suicide than the young as they are facing several changes in their life such as illnesses , loss of family members , life partners and friends as well as financial issues which include loss of income after retirement ( Changi General Hospital [ CG ] , n.d. ) .
Programs include The Befriender Service , provided by Lions Befrienders who work closely with Central Singapore ComCare Local Networks ( CLN ) to ease the loneliness , isolation and boredom of the single elderly and the homebound and also provide services such as advice and assistance to the elderly ( Central Singapore ComCare Local Networks , n.d. ) .
Coping with fast ageing among Singaporeans is a slow and tough process which requires both the government and its citizens to work closely together .
Either encouraging retired workers to return to the work force or providing a decent shelter for the low income elderly will definitely send a positive message to the elderly that they are not being abandoned and they are still recognised by the society .
Programs such as visiting the elderly or providing assistance to the elderly will also increase their confidence to engage the society again .
In the near future , the tax burden on each working adult will increase due to the aging population .
It may not seem like a major issue in Singapore from the public 's eyes , but it will not be so in the near future .
With limitations to ... ( what ? ) , it will create more social problems and repercussions that result in higher costs that far exceed the amount of money that was transferred to other developments .
Due to the decrease in healthcare aid for elderly , lack of community hospitals and nursing homes , social problems will be generated .
The government might end up paying more for the aftermath just
Investing in healthcare facilities and medical insurance for the elderly will result in a high profile , risk free , user friendly , low cost and safe healthcare solution that does not just benefit the elderly but the society as a whole ( Munshi , 2007 , p.g.1 ) .
On the other hand , public spending on the aged should be limited and chanelled to the less well-off section of the society .
With consumer price index ( CPI ) for low income groups rising to 7.5 % in June 2008 and developments in globalization , vast income inequalities are created in Singapore ( Singstat , 2008 , p.g.1 ) .
The Department of Statistics ( 2008 ) reported that 14.8 % of households here earned $ 2,000 or less a month in 2008 , which explains the need for more money to be pumped into the social safety net .
MCYS would also adjust the budget according to situations such as setting aside $ 1million to help the needy cope with inflation ( Majid , 2008 , p.g1 ) Hence , the Government has provided an effective social safety net that provides assistance yet at the same time promotes self-reliance among the needy .
In the future , the effects of aging population would have a much greater impact on Singapore and all resources assigned to the developments should be prioritized based on expediency .
Upgrading of housing by the HDB , particularly for the households with elderly residents , has helped to ease the aging process .
Facilities within the blocks were enhanced significantly to aid the day-to-day movement of the elderly ( Housing and Development Board , 2008 ) .
These include installing lifts at every floor as well as support hand rails in the toilets .
A Voluntary Welfare Organization ( VWO ) , which is located below the block , will operate a Seniors Activity Centre to provide support services for the elderly living in the block ( Housing and Development Board , 2008 ) .
Working reduces the elderly 's reliance on their children as well as the society in terms of economic and social needs ( Peterson , 2001 ) .
On top of that , working provides the elderly a source of income , enabling them to remain financially independent , hence reducing the financial dependency on the children .
The Government has been cooperating with employers and unions as part of the Tripartite Committee on Employability of Older Workers to enact re-employment legislation by 1 January 2012 so that employees can continue to work beyond the current statutory retirement age of 62 , up to 65 ( Adding Life to Years !
In fact , working not only allows the elderly to spend their time meaningfully ; it can also help to increase their self-esteem and find their own identity in the society ( Adding Life to Years !
This helps them realize that they still have a foothold in the society as they can still contribute to the nation and economic growth , thereby helping them to lead an enriching and fulfilling life .
Moreover , it has been argued that they may face difficulty coping with the fast-paced society and technologically advanced workforce of today ( Seah , 2007 ) .
However , there are retraining programs available for the elderly to upgrade their skills in order to keep them updated and constructive in the workforce .
Allowing the older generation to stay longer in the workforce not only promotes economic growth of the country , but also keeps them physically active , mentally alert , resilient and socially connected to the society .
An aging population is an unavoidable issue today that needs to be addressed urgently .
With the current policies such as upgrading of their residences ' facilities and longer working lives , the aging process has been eased to a large extent .
As compared to 2003 , it shows an increase of 1.4 years and 1.2 years correspondingly ( Singapore Department of Statistics , 2008 ) .
Increasing life expectancy has inevitably led to the growth of an aging population .
Hence , to minimise the physical problems and vulnerabilities of the people .
Their inability to pay for expensive medical treatments has revealed the need to provide healthcare support for them .
For example , Prime Minister Mr Lee Hsien Loong introduced a step-down care policy during the 2009 National Day speech .
Meanwhile , critics have pointed out that the current policies and research improvements have only helped to minimise problems on a superficial level but have not fully met the emotional needs of the individuals when they grow old .
For instance , has moved from seniority-based to performance-based wage structure .
This wage structure ensures employability and job security for the elderly workers and it prevents them from feeling detached from the society ( National University of Singapore , 2009 ) .
This allows the elderly to be close to their children and some may even undertake the responsibilities of taking care of their grandchildren .
This helps them to feel valued and thereby , aids in the re-discovery of their identity as a senior citizen .
This burgeoning trend ultimately leads to an aging population and the Singapore government has come up with several policies and development in different fields such as enhancing and inventing elderly-related products to cater to the elderly needs .
Therefore , social policies , such as the ADVANTAGE scheme , are effective in helping the elderly to work in a less physically-demanding environment and stay productive .
This initiative by the government helps to ensure that all elderly will have a means of income that will provide for them through their golden years .
This eases the economic aspect of an aging population as the elderly can benefit from a higher interest rate and therefore alleviate the .
The government has also developed property such as studio apartments with barrier-free access for the elderly .
This helps to ease the difficulty for those who are incapable of engaging the conventional brakes or holding on to the wheels manually ( Temasek Polytechnic [ TP ] , 2009 ) .
The changes made to the interest rate of the CPF for savings in the SMRA will provide a social safety net for the elderly , while the increase in elderly- related products and studio apartments further eases the physical restrictions of an elderly .
And in countries like Singapore and Japan , which face an aging population , the dilemma is even greater .
The country 's finances will be exhausted as more elderly ask for financial help from the government to cover their medical fees and basic needs .
However , this burden can be lessened if the elderly mindset is changed .
In order to change their mindset , the public spending on the aged should be limited in the future , and in turn the money used for other areas of the country 's development like Education , Retraining and Healthcare .
In Singapore , it is true that government aid is important to the current generation of elderly , as the majority of them did not have or did not have enough CPF savings to last through their retirement .
The current generation of elderly is most probably the first batch to learn about the CPF in 1955 , and being a young scheme then , there is a high chance that they were unable to fully benefit from it .
The situation is even worse when the elderly are faced with illness .
Sick elderly who are single are not able to work to provide for themselves , thus leaving them with no income to pay for their high medical fees .
Moreover , even though married elderly have children , the high cost of living is also putting a challenge on the children 's finances , which makes it hard for them to provide for their parents .
But all these shall change in 20 years time ; the elderly then shall be equipped with sufficient money in their CPF to provide for themselves .
In order to lessen the country 's financial burden , the elderly have to change their mindset .
The reason is that the standard of living is rising and adult children find it difficult to provide for their parents , especially those stricken with illness .
Sociologists think that this is the cause of the growing trend for children to abandon their elderly parents in nursing homes ( Popatlal , 2009 , para .
Next , the elderly should change their mindset that they are too old to work , when in actual fact working slows down the aging of their brains .
The government will not be able to provide much as the population continues to age , and there will not be as many people in the workforce as birth rates continue to drop .
if the elderly do not continue to work , it will put a huge strain on the country 's finances .
how do we go about changing the elderly 's mindset ?
The answer is to invest more money in areas like Education , Retraining and Healthcare .
The best way to influence a person 's thinking is to do it while one is young , and the ideal of being independent can be taught during one 's Education .
Furthermore , a higher education level provides better job prospects , which in turn benefits individual financial prospect .
Education also equips one with better knowledge and planning skills , like the importance of health and financial planning for their golden years ( Lim , 2009 ) .
The elderly should continue to work as they possess experience that should be passed on to the younger generation .
And to ensure the elderly to- be are prepared , it is important to inculcate them with a healthy mindset through promoting education , retraining and community activities .
Nothing beats aging with a healthy body and mind ; the golden years should be spent enjoyably .
As Singapore has been faced with an aging population since 1990s , there has been a shortage of skilled workers and a declining birth rate .
Some critics argued that senior citizens are assets to the society since most of them possess valuable skills , knowledge and work experience .
Other initiatives were also implemented such as the re-training effort for the elderly in the workforce .
For example , in the area of research and development ( R & D ) Singapore needs to develop her own talent pool and technologies to create new and better products ; thus we need foreign talent like accomplished researchers who can lead us into the innovation of new products with their experience and knowledge .
Therefore , investing in the education system would help Singapore in sustaining its growth in the globalizing world .
Therefore , public spending on the aged should be limited to prevent over reliance on the government and more emphasis could be given to other sectors to promote economic growth .
With the current CPF structure where/ in which part of a Singaporean 's monthly wage goes into Medisave and Medishield , an 'untouchable ' fund that can only be used for hospital and most healthcare bills , Singaporeans may get complacent thinking that they have already saved enough for their medical bills in the future .
Therefore , instead of investing money in healthcare infrastructures like new hospitals and nursing homes , it would be wiser for the government to help Singaporeans plan out their retirement more strategically .
Therefore , by paying more attention to education and making sure that all if not most Singaporeans can get a proper education , it ensures that most people will be literate enough to get a proper paying job and thus increasing the working adult to elderly ratio .
The increase ... the increase in the ratio will will without doubt relieve the government of financing the aged .
Therefore instead of channeling public funds into subsidized health care , the money should be put to better use in education or other aspects of the nation 's development .
However , they might introduce some new problems and these will be explored in-depth later .
Recognising the problem of a possible financial burden that might be incurred by families with a new child , the governments of developed nations are providing generous incentives with the birth of each new child , in the hope of encouraging their citizens to reproduce by helping to ease their financial burden .
Nowadays , people are bred on notions of free choice .
Hence , it can not be conveniently stated that such policy is " propaganda " by the government .
( as cited in { http : //www.melbourneinstitute.com/news/news/media_releases/2009/final-WP-Baby % 20Bonus.pdf } [ HYPERLINK : http : //www.melbourneinstitute.com/news/news/media_releases/2009/final-WP-Baby % 20Bonus.pdf ] , retrieved on September 10 , 2009 ) As for Singapore , we will have to observe the situation carefully for the next few years to see if its policies will nudge it past the subreplacement zone .
Another social policy that governments seem to turn towards is the encouragement of the inflow of immigrants into our society .
However , critics argued that though this social policy is feasible to ease the ageing process in Singapore , it does not take into account the issue of increased competition for jobs in Singapore , due to the high influx of foreign talents .
This might mean that Singaporeans will have to compete for jobs with the foreigners , and might lose their jobs to them .
This reasoning might be flawed as it is inevitable that the locals have to upgrade their skills to ensure high employability in the fast and highly competitive society .
Due to the fast advancement of medications , we have no article needed longer life spans compared to the past .
Thus , many countries are spending more effort and money on the aging population problem population problem .
However , there are many ways to help the elderly to take care of themselves and public spending on the aged should be limited so that money can be diverted to other areas of the country 's development .
Elder dependency should be reduced by encouraging later retirement , longer working lives , and fewer barriers to elder employment ( Peterson , 2001 , p.66 ) .
Older employees have more working experiences and better knowledge than the younger ones and these are the crucial factors that will contribute to the company growth .
The Government should encourage its citizens to have more children so that that the cost burden of taking care of the elderly is spread over a larger and more affluent future generation ( Peterson , 2001 , p.66 ) .
The Government is also increasing its incentives to parents with more children as a mean to increase fertility rate .
This is very important as having more children does not assure that the parents have higher chances of being taken care of taken care of by their children than the parents with fewer children .
Thus , it is necessary to educate the children at an early age on filial obligation .
Although there are plans to reduce elder dependency , there will still be a small percentage of elders that are not capable of taking care themselves .
They may not be physically able to work and at the same time their children have abandoned the task of taking care of them .
In some of the worst situation , elders do not even have any children that they can depend on on .
As such , government can be more lenient to these groups of elders by providing financial care and giving them public pension benefits whenever possible .
The Government can offer many public pensions and financial help to the needy elders , but when will this end ?
Thus , public spending on the aged should be limited and people should be educated from young on the ways to prevent aging population problems rather than to find a solution for it .
Public spending for the elderly , is it insufficient still ? Remove full stop .
People would argue that more money should be spent by the government on the elderly , given that the elderly are the more disadvantaged group of the society .
This would give an even larger larger burden to the working adults and taxes will definitely increase .
However , as we all know , the elderly only constitute a smaller part of the society , and the younger ones in the social group must be taken care of the same way or more so than the elderly since they are the determiners of the country 's future .
Instead , investing more money in education will increase the likeability of the younger people to secure better jobs , and enabling them to provide their elderly parents financial support , no matter in what condition their parents are in .
Based on the statistics obtained from a government statistical website , the level of education attainment among resident non-students aged 25-39 , despite increasing rapidly in the past few years , is still low at 70 percent in 2008 ( www.singstat.gov.sg ) .This means that the government must set aside more money in instilling awareness of the importance of education towards the young .
Therefore , by succeeding in education and securing better jobs , the working adults will ease the burden of the government from having to invest a lot of money on the welfare of the elderly .
The country needs healthy and able citizens to ensure the country 's progress .
Moreover , these younger citizens are the ones who will be responsible for their elderly parents ' health and well-being , therefore their health and well-being should be prioritized.Based on a study by the remove full-stop
Commonwealth Fund which was released on Wednesday , in the Healthday News/Detroit Free Press reports , which includes 4,052 U.S. adults ages 19 or older between September 2003 and January 2004 , about 16 million U.S. residents care for sick or disabled family members , and approximately nine million of those caregivers have medical problems , according to the study .
Demand for health care services will increase as elders are prone to illnesses and take a long time to recover .
By 2030 , 20 % of Singapore 's population will be 65 years old and above full-stop should come after the in-text citation
( Statistic Singapore , 2007 ) Since the population is unlikely to be able to replace itself in the near future ( The Business Times , 2007 ) , it is important to have policies that help to ease the ageing process by helping the elders to increase their retirement savings so as to lighten their dependency on the younger generation .
Married children are given priority if they apply for a flat to stay near or together with their parents .
( MCYS , 2007 ) no need for 'by ' encouraging adult children to stay with their parents can definitely benefit the elderly as the increased interaction can foster care for their parents .
With no need for article rising inflation , both married children have to work to support the increasing expenditureno need for plural form .
A dual career family means that the adult children spend less time at home and that the elder parents are often left alone in the day as their children go to work .
Health care for the elderly can cost up to thousands of dollars and being strained financially , adult children simply can not afford it .
Therefore , the problems go beyond the issue of filial piety , government need to look at each case individually .
The immense social cost arising from ageing population can be attributed to mounting healthcare problem , diminishing of economic productivity and increasing accountability of younger generation towards the elderly .
In view of the accelerated growth of the aging population , the Singapore Government government has been revamping the related policies constantly to mitigate the problem .
The diminishing of economic productivity due to the aging population may have an abysmal effect on a country .
The existence of the older workforce not only increases the input of the economy but also enables the elderly to gain some form of steady income .
However , this policy will remain fruitless without the collaboration between the elderly , employers and the state .
Employers tend to discriminate against elderly frequently as they are deemed to be vulnerable and unproductive .
In order to remove such prejudice , the government provides incentives by reducing the employer 's contribution to elderly Central Provident Fund ( CPF ) .
The elderly has a higher possibility of encountering a long-term management of chronic diseases such as diabetes and heart disease .
Therefore it is essential for the government to keep healthcare cost at an affordable rate for this vulnerable group .
Singapore 's government heavily subsidizes medical service and grants some flexibility in the CPF system so that the elderly can utilize part of their saving in the CPF account for hospitalization expenses .
In addition , family responsibility is always is always stressed stressed such that children are required to contribute to the Medisave account of their elderly member .
The transfer of funds from the Ordinary Account to parents ' Retirement Account is also available .
Such policies spread over the cost of ageing progression to family and community and minimize minimize state fiscal fiscal provision .
This facilitates the elderly who are bedridden and confined to wheelchairs .
Despite heavy subsidization on healthcare , the elderly who are destitute without family support may still find medical service prohibitive .
As such , Public Assistance and Medifund have been introduced to assuage this problem whereby rigorous diagnoses are carried out out and relevant assistance will be given to the needy accordingly .
Lastly , the mental health of elderly is exceptionally vital to enhance their social functioning and to maximize their potential .
The sense of isolation and loneliness among homebound and single elderly might result in mental illness and social problems .
Family bonding and company are paramount in addressing such phenomenon .
Reinforcement of the ethic of filial pity can vicariously develop strong bonds between children and parents .
Psychological needs of the elderly can not be overlooked so that they can be socially integrated into the family and community .
Robert B. Friedland and Laura Summer caution government to carry out wise and forward-thinking planning and therefore the government should adopt pragmatism while formulating social policies related to the ageing population .
( Robert B. Friedland and Laura Summer , 2005 ) Society should also shift their paradigm and not marginalize the elderly to maximize the social functioning of elderly .
Moreover , based on a government survey conducted last July , more than 60 per cent of 25,000 unemployed older folk who planned to look for work preferred to work part time .
Furthermore , figures from the Ministry of Manpower show that the proportion of employees on flexible work arrangements in 2008 was 9.4 per cent from the public and private sectors .
However , the education system is important in a country 's development for future generations , hence the government can only further revise the baby bonus policy in order to encourage families to have more children .
Another social problem will be elderly parents being abandoned at nursing homes or children living overseas and no one looking after their parents in Singapore .
( The Straits Times Article ) On the other hand , there is also a setback such that there will be another generation of elderly who are not prepared for their own retirement , the reason being that .. .
Over the first half of the current century , the global population of people aged 60 or over is projected to expand by more than three times to reach nearly 2 billion in 2050 .
Aging population includes any person who is aged 60 and above .
The government should spend more money to come up with new awards as a form of motivation .
It is these experiences and mistakes that we learnt from and thus improved ourselves .
People may argue that actions speaks louder than words , since all the aged do is to talk , it it definitely sounds easy .
Hence , I believe that the government should spend more money to subsidize talks for the elderly .
With aging , the physical and mental parts of the human body will start to deteriorate .
There are people who believe that the aged should fend for themselves .
Hence , we must be flexible and focus on knowing which direction our country is heading in and plan adequate resources properly .
Nowadays , the aging population is one of the most worrying problems .
The percentage of people who are 65 years old and above in Singapore in 2008 is 8.67 % ( 1 ) .
The ground for this fact is that because of their hard work during their younger years , they are able to put aside for their future .
Hence , they can cater for themselves without any financial aid from the outside world .
However , according to statistics , though small , about 2.4 % of people can not find a job with an acceptable pay to prepare for their old age .
Data shows that compared with 2007 , there are more than 11.7 million people of this type having the ability to work on their own .
For example , studies have proved that insomnia in the elderly can be easily cured by non-drug therapies ( 3 ) .
With the expansion of science , nothing seems hard to imagine and we have the right to hope such world would come into existence into existence .
Furthermore , to place more emphasis on other areas such as education , science , etc. is considered to be a visionary step to see to our aging population of our near of far future .
And as far as I am concerned , to run a country , we need to take interest in long term more than short term .
Two areas that can be invested in more are education and science , which will make some differences in our aging population so that this problem would no longer be an awesome matter , but one of the proudest ones to be mentioned .
Without new policies and further research and development in all fields of study , relating to the aged , they will face difficulties in living inheir current environment .
Despite the complex changes in the environment , there are theories on successful aging which could help us in our investigation on the extent to which the current policies have helped to ease the aging process .
social exchange theory suggests that the degree of interaction of elderly is determined by their ability to engage in social exchange .
In Singapore , the existing policy on employing the elderly does not do enough to allow senior workers to continue playing their roles in working community .
The HDB housing policy which encourages families to stay closer to their parents allows the elderly to continue their role in helping their children or even an additional role as a grandparent .
Presently , though , social policies are still solely drafted by the government .
With such initiatives , policies are now more focused on improving the lives of Singaporean as a whole .
With aging population , the likelihood of patients suffering from multiple organ failure will start to increase too .
In order to rectify the homeward bound predicament , not only more elder-friendly friendly facilities have to be constructed , but critical care medical treatment and surgery is required too .
However , this could prove to be a major hitch as there is an emerging need for critical care programmes .
Various medical institutions should offer training and preparation to medical professional personnel to equip them with the necessity to counter the upcoming crisis .
This has significantly augmented the precision of intricate surgeries as well as trimmed down much of the risk faced by the patient during surgical operations .
With the marvel breakthrough of medical advancement , elderly members who are the ones that health problems are better furnished with finer medication procedures .
( Dr Vivian Blakrishnan , 2002 ) Through caring interactions , patients especially the old and needy members can be emotionally and psychologically motivated to fight against the associated sickness .
At this point one may wonder whether the manufactured supplementary healthcare products are safe to be consumed as there are cases that the products are proven to be potentially health hazardous .
Public spending should therefore be more focused on providing excellent healthcare facilities and services which would benefit and ease the growing health crisis amidst the aging population .
Such a problem like this can not be solved overnight , but needs to have a suitable long-term plan .
Although there are still arguments surrounding old age issues , much has been done to ease the aging process , particularly medical advancement and efficient social policies .
To begin with , it is no doubt that when a person becomes older , he will experience health problems , physically and mentally .
In the Singapore context , some hospitals will be built such as Jurong General Hospital opening in 2015 , Khoo Teck Puat Hospital in Yishun opening in 2010 .
Furthermore , on the understanding that elder people need a longer time to recover , the Ministry of Health has launched a new model to set up a link between acute hospitals with community ones where patients can receive relevant care after being discharged from the mainstream hospitals .
A question has been brought up in Straits Times lately " Who cares for these when they grow old ? " .
In fact , there are some older people having no child or are single , so it is more difficult for them in their old days .
Although governments raise funds and increase budgets to support the elderly , healthcare costs is still high and some of the treatments which apply new technologies and methods are so expensive that money they save will run out after a few days .
Solving these problems is not an easy task and can not be achieved in the short-run either
( Tiscali , 2009 ) Some of the other areas in the country 's development that require public spending are like social services and benefits , education , infrastructure and development projects like transport , housing and employment
( Anonymous , 2009 ) . It is important for the government to spend in this area so that the country 's economy and social condition will improve .
Many argue that limiting public spending on the elderly would only leave their families to face with issues on education , housing , social services and transportation .
By cutting expenditure on welfare programs for the elderly , individuals and families are responsible for a larger share of the cost incurred by the elderly. .
They would need to provide the cost for their own old age dependency , according to Robert B. and Laura S. in .
Besides , such cost may even be greater than the original cost of running welfare programs for the elderly .
On the contrary , diverting public spending on the other areas of the country 's development will expand its economic opportunities and improve its social conditions .
Such financial and social problems would actually not be faced by the individuals and their .
When there is more expenditure on social services , education , infrastructure and development , there is a greater chance for the country to build a better economy. .
And with economic growth , the country will become richer and the people will enjoy a higher standard of living .
For example , the society becomes more educated and affluent as more money is being pumped into the economy to ensure higher education for its people ; and the people will get higher income when they work . .
Therefore , economic growth would ensure the continuation of welfare programs for the elderly in the long run .
This is beneficial for the country as people will learn to depend on themselves .
They would be able to able to work better and attain higher income so as to help support education , housing , social services and rising cost of transportation for themselves .
It would be useful when there is an economic downturn and the government is not able to spend on the aged .
" ( Fox , 2009 ) Clearly , as Singapore experiences the problem of ageing population , it is important to generate economic growth for the country to benefit the aged .
Higher expenditure on areas like infrastructure and education , allows the country to achieve greater economic growth which in turn will solve the problems of aging population .
In today 's society , ageing population is increasingly a problem that many countries such as Singapore , Sweden and Japan , are now facing .
An ageing population brings challenges and opportunities for people to explore .
Therefore , I agree to reduce public spending on the aged , so that more resources and funds will be allocated to other areas of development , such as the economy , education , technology and general healthcare within the country . But , help for the aged should not be neglected too .
People will learn to be self-reliant when the support given by the government is being limited . For example , people need to make their own plans to fund for their own health care . .
In the case of Singapore , the government implemented policies such as Medisave and Medishield , to " force " her citizens to set aside money and plan for their future finances. .
Another scheme that the Singapore government adopted is the Central Provident Fund ( CPF ) . People have to save a part of their salary and could only withdraw and use the savings upon retirement . .
Because of such schemes , the government has more resources to focus more on other developments of the country which are equally important to ensure competitiveness in this globalised world .
Therefore , limiting public spending on the aged will reduce the dependency of the aged on the government and ensure continuous developments in other areas of the country .
Even though family members are responsible for taking care of their elderly , many assume that the government would be responsible for it because of its vast resources . .
Some took advantage of the situation and make use of the low-cost medical facilities , as can be seen in the long queues formed at the polyclinics in Singapore. .
This may lead to people who are in urgent need for medical consultation being delayed , which in turn , may cause serious consequences .
Financial help should be given to those who are really in need , instead of allocating large amount of funds to all the elderly .
This implies that as long as the elderly keep themselves healthy , lesser burden will be placed on the government .
Therefore , part of the public spending on the aged can be diverted to developing other sectors of the country , so as to ensure that the public spending is well-allocated .
Even though there are schemes to make people save for their old age now , the older generation who have little or no education , are not able to comprehend what these schemes are about and what benefits they will get. .
More elderly friendly facilities in the neighbourhood of the elderly should be built and good values such as giving up seats to the elderly should be taught to the public to help the elderly to cope with their daily lives .
For example , in Singapore , there are priority seats for the elderly so that they do not have to stand for long hours .
If money were to be diverted to other area of developments , .
Therefore public spending is essential , and it should not be limited to assisting the developments of other areas and neglect the major problem of ageing population .
More resources should be allocated to develop the country 's education system so as to ensure the continuous supply of good labour and also to educate the public of the importance of self-reliance .
With more people receiving education , they will understand the importance of planning for their future and developing the culture of taking care of themselves and their elderly .
Therefore , funding for the aged should be limited , so as to provide more funds for the development of other areas , such as the education sector. .
In conclusion , for a country to be successful , it not only has to look after the welfare of the elderly , but also to ensure the continuous development of the economic , the education and technological sectors .
It is not wise to allocate large public spending on the aged . But instead , , one may set the sights further and tackle the root of the problem , which is to educate the public to plan for their future finances. .
The question on whether national economies should be spent on the aged has long been a controversial one .
Each person has his or her own opinions .
Some people say that the country 's budget should focus on healthcare for the elders , as old , retired people find it hard to cope with their problems without any support from the governments .
In my own opinion , I agree with the latter , for the following reasons :
firstly , , the national budget should be spent on the more essential areas of the country 's development .
Investing in education , in my opinion , is the key to growth in any country .
With a strongly educated workforce , the national economy would dramatically strengthen .
One of them is to upgrade the facilities and the quality of teaching .
More money should be spent on re-constructing old buildings and building more needed ones ( laboratories and libraries ) .
On the other hand , the governments should pay more attention to the quality of teachers .
Inviting more good professors from overseas to join our teaching staff may be helpful .
Secondly , the money of the country should also be used to improve health care .
More hospitals with better equipment should be built .
However , it is not just the facilities that need improvement , but also the treatment of patients. .
This has again proved the point that I have made before .
Better education results in better quality of labour .
.
In fact , this is also a way to solve the problem of the aging , because the elderly are those who need the support of health care the most .
The development of technology and its effects has always been one of the most important factors that totally changed the way we have lived .
More and more inventions are made in order to enhance the quality of our daily lives .
Such improvements indisputably made our lives more enjoyable and our work more effective .
These researches and inventions can cover .
Technological improvements will improve the educational level of people , the quality of health care , the living standards , etc... To some extent , these strategies also indirectly assist the elderly .
.
Rather , what I try to point out is the elderly could stand to benefit even if the national budget is spent on other fields. .
The most prominent demographic trends in the world today would be the aging of population . Demographic aging , simply means the shift in the age distribution ( i.e. , age structure ) of a population toward older ages .
An aging population has many social , economic and health implications for a country and this common occurrence is not just a short term issue ; but a long term problem caused by the falling of fertility rates and high mortality .
the aging of a population has become a natural process that is happening in most of the developing countries ; and Singapore is not being spared too .
In fact , Singapore has one of the fastest aging populations in Asia and therefore , there is a need for the government to develop and implement new public policies to accommodate to this newly emerging group of people in the near future .
A need for new public policies would mean a need for greater public spending on the aged . This is to cater to the needs of this emerging group whose mean age is 65 years . , and it will would make up nearly one-fifth of our population by 2030 .
Although aging population is of a direct consequence to the drop in fertility rates , it is also the result of high life expectancy and mortality rates .
This has come about due to the improvement in medical technology , public health awareness and sanitation , which in turn showed that many Singaporeans are living in better conditions than they had before .
Currently , there are about 7 % of Singapore 's population that is over the age of 65 ; and statistics have shown that this figure would increase to 19 % by the year 2030 .
) With such a sizeable number of aged in a small country like Singapore , it will definitely have many socio-economic implications ; and thus the government should generate more public polices to care for this group of people in the years to come .
Because this group of people will generally make up a significant number in our population , the government should divert more funds to improve its healthcare system and also upgrade its infrastructure and facilities to cater to an older population .
In fact , our government is already preparing Singapore for a new paradigm , as this can be seen from the funding of projects such as the building of Studio Apartments , which is specially built to cater to the needs of the aged .
These apartments have special facilities that look after the elderly , such as lifts stopping at every floor and handgrips built around the flat so that it is more convenient and safer for the elderly .
Hence , public spending should not be limited . In fact , we should divert more funds to similar projects that will cater to the needs of an older population as they will after all make up a significant number in Singapore , and thus more focus should be placed on them .
In addition , more funds should be dedicated to improving the healthcare systems by building more nursing homes and hospitals for the aged , as old age will usually be an age that is more prone to illnesses and diseases .
Therefore , we will need a large pool of specialised trained nurses and caretakers to look after them .
This can be done through the building of more nursing homes and the encouragement of more people to take up professions relating to this field .
Therefore , aging population is an issue that we can not afford to neglect and public policies should cater to this new demographic trend by focusing more on the increasing older population size . Therefore , more funds should be dedicated to projects which will better prepare Singaporeans for an aging population .
Hence , government should not over focus on this issue and throw in excessive funds in this area as this will inhibit the growth of other sectors . This is because funds can be diverted to other areas of the country 's development , such as and building better infrastructure to support the country 's development into a world class city .
Singapore is never a welfare state to begin with ; the government has adopted a policy to ensure self-reliance , such as the introduction of the Central Provident Fund ( CPF ) which makes it compulsory for all Singapore citizens to save for future use .
Hence , it is impossible for our government to provide welfare and pension for everyone . The Medisave Scheme under Central Provident Fund ( CPF ) was introduced to make it compulsory for all Singaporeans to set aside 6-8 % of their salaries to deposit into their personal account that can be used to pay for hospital fees .
According to , the average active member 's balance in 1994 was S $ 73 816 , which shows how efficient the CPF saving scheme is .
) Therefore , with such policy in place , public spending on the aged is already limited in this sense .
Similarly , the government also promotes life long employability which can be seen from the extension of retirement age from 62 to 65 years old . This is to ensure that the aged can accumulate more wealth before retiring when they are still able to work , thereby reducing the public spending of our government on the aged .
In addition to all these policies , filial piety and greater family support is also emphasized Children are encourage to take care of their parents when they are old as this will ease the funding of the government for the elderly . Instead the government could just focus on the needy elderly who have no children to look after them .
Hence in conclusion , aging population is a natural occurrence due to low birth rates and higher life expectancy . Therefore , the government should not reduce on their public spending on the aged , but should instead increase .
However , over focusing on this situation may inhibit the growth of our economy as precious funds can be diverted to other uses , especially .
One should also recognise the fact that Singapore is not a welfare state in the first place , and the policies were shaped according to the policy of self-reliance . Thus in this context , it is possible to justify the point that public spending should not be limited , so that money can be diverted to other areas of the country 's development .
As Singapore 's total fertility rate ( TFR ) decreases year after year , we are in increasing danger of having an ageing population in the very near future .
As of 2007 , Singapore 's TFR is 1.29 , which is well below the replacement level of 2.1 .
I feel that public spending on the aged should be given more attention and more funds , as in the long-term , the aging population could potentially become a major problem .
Singapore has a high standard of living , and thus it is expensive to raise a child .
The government could divert more money to the " Baby Bonus Scheme " , though it seems the incentives are not enough at the moment for Singaporean families to want to have a bigger family .
If the incentives worked , there will be more youths in the future . This will help to ease the financial burden of the elderly .
If the TFR is higher , there would also be more people at work in the future , and contributing to the economy and sustaining its high growth .
This is one reason why money can be spent more on other areas for the country 's development instead of on the aged .
Public spending may help to encourage higher birth rates .
The government could set up more schools to train the elderly new skills . These new skills would allow more opportunities for the elderly to find jobs .
Smaller number of working people in society would mean that the elderly would be more dependent on fewer people , and these people would be heavily burdened .
They should concentrate public spending on the health sector , on research and improvement of technology , to promote better and cheaper health care .
Public spending for the health care sector would benefit everyone and this could prove to be very effective .
Singapore 's population is increasingly becoming an aging population , and it would be a problem that we can not ignore .
Good long-term planning is essential to solve this problem of the aged and public spending on the aged is very crucial , and it can not be neglected .
This would be good for the economy in the future , and would also result in more people supporting the elderly .
Therefore , public spending should emphasize not only the social , but also the economic development of the country .
Limiting public spending for the aged may in turn bring about social problems , as well as other issues that concerned family responsibilities and dignity .
Without the government 's initiatives , the elderly people are going to go through a hard time coping in society .
By investing in other areas , we can empower these three groups of people : employers , families and the elderly .
( IRAS , 2009 ) It serves as a winning tool as the employers get to bring their businesses to a higher level , and existing workers in turn retain their jobs .
In this way , these benefiters can fulfill their basic responsibilities better , such as in taking care of their own families with the higher purchasing power they have .
Secondly , education and learning are important factors contributing to a country 's success .
With better jobs and increases in income , they can help the families to cope with the high standards of living and spiraling healthcare costs for the aged .
The government can also hold " Healthy Lifestyle " campaigns to encourage the aged to engage more actively in activities , and promote healthy aging .
On top of that , the involvement of their immediate families in the process will be a bonus in helping them to cope with ageing .
All in all , limiting public spending on the aged and directing the funds into other areas of development such as businesses , education and healthcare is more rewarding then just focusing on the needy groups .
Although the help is theoretically superficial , it is indirectly helping the society to deal with the ageing society more effectively as compared to using monetary support , which is a temporary solution .
If we do not pay attention to the long term effects the problem is going to cause , we will risk the possibility of allocating limited resources for the wrong usage .
It is well-known that there are various areas of a country 's development which demand substantial expenditure from public spending . These areas are urban development , infrastructure projects , biomedical research , edbiz , and so on .
Abundant financial resources are alloted to each of the areas mentioned above , since the development of these areas are essential in national construction and economic growth .
However , with the aging population increasing in number , more public spending , including pension and health provision , is expended on the aged .
More and more elderly people , especially some of those who can not take care of themselves , empty nesters , other special groups , as well as their families , have a greater demand for pension services ; and social services will be needed to provide for old-age pension . ( Wu Li Min , 2009 ) .
Therefore , public spending on the aged should not be limited so that it guarantees the welfare of the aged and protects their rights and benefits .
The aged might have devoted their youth and even their whole life to serving the society ; and public spending on the aged is therefore necessary .
In fact , every one of us , regardless of doing mental or physical work , has made a significant contribution towards the development of society .
.
Hence , as long as a person has sacrificed for the social development of society , he should be looked after by the state when he is old , even if he could no longer contribute in his area of work. .
If the public spending on the aged is limited , the burden on the children or younger generation will be much heavier since they will have to bear with more expenses incurred by their parents .
A survey in China showed that " living and working pressure makes people powerless to take care of their parents " ; and this kind of pressure has become a great difficulty for young people now ( Wang Jun , 2009 ) .
In today 's society , many people of working age , with their own careers and families , have to withstand considerable economic pressure .
Once the elderly reach their old age , they are afflicted with a variety of ailments .
Expensive medical and health care cost , in addition to the very high daily cost , have indeed caused serious difficulties .
So , when the children have to bear the medical expenses and the cost of everyday lives of their parents , they tend to live beyond their income .
The gap between the rich and the poor in present society is still apparent . When the government subsidies are reduced , retired people from high-income groups may still be comfortable with their finances , but the relatively poor people will face difficulties in livelihood .
Higher income people tend to have more savings , and so they can enjoy a carefree retirement .
However , people from the low-wage sectors in general do not have much savings , since they are often faced with the problem of having insufficient money to spend .
In their later years , if they encountered ungrateful children who are unwilling to take care of them ,
Many people today spend money on their own families , the needs of their children , as well as the pursuit of material comfort , instead of spending money on their parents .
However , .
If a legal act is required to force people to support their parents , does it mean that our moral values have deteriorated ?
Clearly , public spending on the aged should be continued to protect the rights and benefits of the aged .
The aged have dedicated so much to the development of a country and they should be thanked .
.
In fact , we all will grow old one day .
According to the Singapore Department of Statistics , the life expectancy of Singaporean has increased noticeably to 78.0 for male and to 82.8 for female ( as cited from Press Release , Singapore Department of Statistics , 2008 ) .
Although that is good news , it also leads to some unpleasant problems for Singapore , such as increasing the financial burden for elderly-care .
From my perspective , economic development is not only the key factor in easing the aging problem , but also is the key solution to some serious problems caused by this process .
First of all , it is commonly believed that a well-funded life which arises from economic success will help people to purchase sufficient food for their own consumption .
At the same time , there are more facilities , such as pools for swimming , courts for playing tennis , indoor gyms for various kind of sports .
With financial sufficiency , people can live an easy life and .
For instance , living in air-conditioning buildings helps us or using robots reduces death rates in some high-risk jobs .
In the other words , as a result of economic development , we have been enjoying better and healthier lives .
Secondly , economic development also encourages the improvement of services .
Among them , the entertainment industry should be mentioned as the most obvious one .
, more and more entertainment parks , visual and virtual products , such as films and games come into our life .
.
For example , a typical citizen in a globalised city , such as Tokyo or London , can now enjoy his or her weekendtime in a hundred destinations for recreation and some of them are known worldwide .
Alternatively , they can stay at home and choose among tens of local and international TV channels to watch or they can surf the internet to visit millions of websites .
Indeed , it is no doubt that .
What is more , a prosperous economy can also foster further technological invention , medical innovation as well as educational improvement , which all are considered to be important factors in alleviating the aging process .
In the same pattern , once the educational level is raised , people can be more aware of how to take care of themselves , as well as to live long and healthily .
Lastly , the rapid development of a nation 's economy not only makes the process of aging slow down but also partially solves its annoying consequences .
Among its consequences , Peter G. Peterson in the article " A Gray World " raised his concern on the huge expenses for elderly caring services ( Peter G. Peterson , 2001 ) .
In my opinion , economic factors should be the most important solution .
Accordingly , people enjoy better health and live longer . This enables them to stay at work for a longer time .
In addition , financial factors are also incentives for life long working , as they can support their current lives and save more for the rest of their lives if they had decided to keep working .
Looking at this issue from another angle , some may argue that economic factor can worsen the aging process and its consequences .
In fact , the development of the eonomy itself can not wholly solve the problems , and one needs to examine more complex solutions in terms of social , political and economical factors .
However , economic issue should be the first to be considered in any topic relating to the aging process .
In conclusion , today 's developed countries have been increasingly confronted with the aging process and its consequences .
, contribute to easing this process but economic factor .
, a prosperous economy not only lengthens the of the general population , but also allow people to live more healthily and lighten their social burden on elderly care .
While the population is shifting towards a greying one , many would start to worry about the ease of aging in the current society , especially amidst a time of financial crisis and difficulty .
However , more emphasis should be placed on the development of social policy that will help to alleviate and address concerns such as the lack of financial support and social care , which affects the elderly more directly .
The Central Provident Fund is a savings account for all workers in Singapore for them to set aside a sum of 33 percent of their wages for retirement purposes .
Therefore , they would not have to strain their pockets to pay for their health care when they have already stopped working .
At this juncture , one may wonder how the Medisave account could be sufficient when medical fees these days are so steep .
Treatment for common illnesses , such as stroke would have already chalked up thousands and things could be a lot more worse , should there be more than one illness to treat .
In the event that an individual is not being able to pay the minimum amount , they can apply for the Medifund , which is an endowment plan funded by the nation 's economic growth , targeted to help those who still can not afford to pay the bills despite already being heavily subsidised .
With these in place , the aged will be well taken care of and given a peace of mind in monetary ; and they could live in a more comfortable environment during old age .
For those elderly who have funds that are locked in the form of housing assets , there is a solution for them too .
Just recently , on March 2009 , the government introduced the Lease Buy Back Scheme ( LBS ) for elderly to sell off the tail end thirty years lease of their flats in return for a life-long monthly retirement income .
These elderly will stand to enjoy a supplement to their retirement income on top of what they will receive from CPF payout .
Again , we can see how public policy has shaped to help the elderly to acquire a less financially taxing aging process .
Apart from being well taken care of in medical bills , the elderly needs to be looked after in their social well-being too. .
This is why the Housing Development Board ( HDB ) came up with a housing grant of forty thousand dollars to encourage the younger generations to live in flats close to their parents .
The policy will benefit not only the purchaser in terms of cost , but it will also help to propagate the importance of filial piety in society .
When married children are housed near their parents , they are more likely to visit them frequently due to convenience and simultaneously , the elderly will be taken care of physically as well .
Opponents of this scheme may argue that the opposite may take place instead .
Rather than having the married couple to look after their parents , it might be the couple exploiting their parents ; such as living off them or treating them as babysitters for their own children .
Nevertheless , this actually aligns with the government 's aim : fostering mutual care between the young and elderly .
By housing them in close vicinity , it actually adds purpose to the lives of the elderly as well .
In the presence of these numerous social policies , many aspects of the aging process have been addressed by the government and this has served to mitigate some of the most common concerns among the elderly .
Therefore , it is evident that current research and policies have helped to ease the aging process and made retirement a less burdensome one .
From research , in developed nations , people born in the twentieth century can live for 35 years longer than people who are born in the nineties .
The increase in aging population reflects the need for better healthcare and social services .
This is because as people aged , their health will deteriorate and this results in the increase of healthcare and social cost .
With continual advancement in the medical industry , current research and development in better healthcare services and facilities like building new community hospitals , providing long-term care services and developing electronic health record system ( EHR ) , can help ease the problems of healthcare cost and elderly dependency .
Firstly , the building of new community hospitals provide intermediate healthcare for the elderly who do not require consultation from the general hospitals .
With such developments , the elderly can save cost and receive appropriate healthcare treatments more conveniently .
However , convenience does not mean it is affordable .
If the elderly do not have enough savings , they may depend on the government or their children .
The amount of subsidies on hospitalization will be determined by means-testing .
This way , the government reduces the financial dependency of the elderly by providing help based on their financial needs .
In addition , there are also other financial subsidies available , like the Medisave , Medishield and Medifund to keep healthcare cost affordable for Singaporeans .
Secondly , Long-term care services like home care and rehabilitation can allow patients to recover in surroundings that are more comfortable and with their families around them. .
These Long-term care services involved two board categories : residential healthcare and community healthcare , which are managed by Voluntary Welfare Organizations ( VWO ) or by private operators .
These are cheaper support alternatives as compared to leaving elderly patients in hospitals .
In cases where the family can not provide attention to or support for the needs of the elderly , they can seek for community healthcare services that are carried out at home or in a centre .
Such services can help to reduce the elderly 's emotional dependency on their children too .
However , some volunteers for the elderly home care or rehabilitation centre may lack profession skills , as compared to those provided in hospitals .
The elderly may not be receiving the most appropriate medical help .
Fortunately , the government has already recognized the importance of such services to ease the aging process .
In the 2009 budget speech , over $ 500 million will be spend in the next five years on training staff and improving this long-term care services for elderly Singaporeans .
Many elderly with chronic illnesses may have complex medical backgrounds .
As a result , doctors and their staff can reduce the amount of in gathering healthcare background information for the elderly and reduce the amount of complicated paperwork .
There are arguments that the implications of this system would be excessive costs .
However , based on research , the usage of the Electronic Health Record system can help to reduce duplication and error in medical prescription , resulting in a cost reduction of as much as USD $ 50 billion per year .
Therefore , we can conclude that research and development can help to decrease healthcare spending and improve the quality of service efficiently .
Today , as our society is faced with the issue of ageing population , the needs for better healthcare and social services will increase .
Advancement in research and development within the medical industry has helped to ease the effects of aging population .
As a result , better healthcare services and facilities are created and they have effectively reduced healthcare cost and elderly dependency .
With the constant advancement in healthcare system , people can enjoy a longer life with better health without subjecting the society to the adverse effects of aging .
To a large extent , I strongly agree that medical advancement has helped to ease the aging process .
In the Singapore 's context , 8 % of the population is over the age of 65 and by 2035 , it will increase to 20 % .
However , I would like to stress that not the entire aging population can take advantage of the medical advancement .
.
As such , a lot of aging population in Singapore will not be able to afford the high fees for advanced medical treatment that includes the use of advance technology in medicine and treatments .
This might also lead to from part of the population who would choose not to seek any medical help due to .
Nevertheless , this problem has alerted the government to offer financial aids to the needy aging population in Singapore .
The names of the insurance plans are called Eldershield and Eldershield Supplements ( as cited from Central Provident Fund Board Ask Us , 2009 ) .
These programs will provide helping hands for the aging population in Singapore .
This also all the needy aging population in Singapore to sign up these insurance plans .
The reason for doing this is because the aging population in Singapore will be covered by this insurance plan .
Thus , when they want to use this insurance plan for any emergency use , they can use it anytime .
Premiums for this insurance plan can also be paid from Medisave .
Thus , all the needy elderly in Singapore will be taken care of by the Singapore government .
Therefore , the families of the aging group can also go to the respective hospitals to seek for financial aids .
The Singapore government will provide subsidies for all the elderly when they seek for medical treatment .
Thus , with the solutions given by the Singapore government , they will help the aging population to gain .
In order to reduce this high medical advancement expenses , Ministry of Health ( MOH ) has been reaching out to the senior citizens in Singapore by implementing mobile screening buses for the monthly health check ( as cited from Health Promotion Board , 2009 ) .
The Ministry of Health ( MOH ) has decided to make the efficient and accessible screening more affordable and convenient for all the needy elderly in Singapore .
All the needy elderly would just need to pay less than $ 10 for their blood test in a health check package comprising checks for diabetes and high cholesterol levels .
This also resulted that all the needy aging population in Singapore were given a chance to receive certain in Singapore .
Not only that , all the residential committees ( RC ) and community centres in many neighbourhoods were promoting this meaningful and health program to the needy aging population in Singapore .
Last but not least , I strongly agree that medical advancement has eased the aging process with the help of the Singapore government .
Thus , this also shows that the aging population in Singapore is being well taken care of by the Singapore government .
With the budget given by the government , the aging population in Singapore will be given an equal entitlement to medical advancement to maintain a healthy lifestyle .
It is always a thorny issue when it comes to the allocation of the budget pie for the country 's development .
Whether it is for educational , economical , societal or military advancement , it is of paramount importance that policy makers make suitable decisions in the best interests of the country and its people .
Teenagers who engage in unlawful behaviours that defied established criminal codes or deviate from societal norms may continue with their misbehaviours , such as running away from school or home , or even committing petty crimes , if they failed to receive help from respective government bodies and the community .
These are complex social problems that might significantly impact other members of the society , and hence , the development of the country , if not handled appropriately .
Many may argue that the elderly are also equally , if not , more in need of the funds , especially since they were once economically . It is only right that their welfare is being taken care of now that they have lost the ability to take care of themselves .
In addition , some would argue that it is of the country 's social obligation that this should be done .
But , like many countries , Singapore does not have a pension system for the retired aged .
If the responsibility of taking care of the aged fell solely on the government , the huge increase in fiscal budget will not be an amount the existing workforce and taxpayers can meet .
Public funding is also required in the development of our education sector as Singapore continues to establish herself as an education hub .
In addition , funding could also imply subsidies for needy students .
As a former president of the United State of America once said , " Our progress as a nation can be no swifter than our progress in education .
Without sufficient funds from the government , these plans can not be implemented to their fullest extent .
People often mention that Singapore has only human resource .
If significant amount of funds is needed in the education sector , there is then a need to limit expenditure on the aged .
Many may then question :
why target public spending on the aged ?
Why not cut down on other areas like urban renewal ?
Or even cut back on military spending ?
I believe it is a difficult question to answer directly because the essence of the argument lies in the fact that the government should always spend wisely , where necessary , within the national budget .
Singapore , being an island represented by a little red dot on the world map requires strong military defense as a form of deterrence against our potential aggressors .
This would prove detrimental for a country 's survival , especially when a weak army force may attract potential invaders .
In light of these reasons , it would be justifiable if a bigger share of the budget pie is being given to the military .
It is difficult to draw the line as to who should be given how much of the government 's budget .
But it is important to realize that , channeling funds into the education sector may bring about more productive future generations who would in turn help to support the aged in time to come .
The Government has to make critical decisions , reviewing their decisions regularly , so as to determine which aspects of the country 's development should be the main focus at different periods of time .
In the long run , the government must seek to for the older generation , at the same time less burdensome for the younger generation .
The government should try to accommodate the aging issue while limiting public spending on the aged .
With their vast knowledge and rich experience from their many years of contributing to the society , the aged would definitely be an important resource the country could tap on .
In this highly modernized world , most democratic countries depend on their government for support in an array of areas , usually in the form of monetary support .
Such financial singular by the government is termed as public spending .
Hence the efficient allocation of funds on public spending is deemed important as it is definitely not able to cover the amount of funds required by the entire society .
Hence , we should limit the spending on the elderly , but only to a small extent so as not to create another problem for the elderly which adds on to their already heavy burden .
In a pragmatic view , channeling large amounts of funds to the singular of the country such as research and development and education would in the long run benefit the country 's economic growth .
Nonetheless , the focus of a country is to grow and prosper and development in other areas are seemingly more important .
Therefore , the society has to maintain a high standard of living as a developed world and since the elderly form the bulk of the society ; we should spend more to help improve their lives so as not to lower our overall standard of living .
Hence we should spend on other developments but not at the expense of forgoing that for the elderly .
Spending on education , research and development and urban renewals are long term projects and need a large amount of funding in order to succeed .
Much of the limited funds should be diverted to such projects which will be successful in the long run and generate profits .
In addition , this generated profit will make it easier to look after the old ( incorrect in-text citation
Spending on the elderly on the other hand is short term and does not generate much profit. .
However , living in a democratic society , the interest of the people should be taken care of as well than blindly focusing on the growth of the country .
Therefore , we should take into consideration much more implications rather than economic growth of the country .
As such , public spending on the aged should not be forgone for the development of the country .
Society is made up of people and the interest of people is undoubtedly very important and on par with the country 's development .
Therefore , policy makers should take into consideration insert 'the ' and delete 'of ' different implications and not just be pragmatic in order to make sound allocation of the . The allocation should be divided equally in order to provide a fair distribution since both issues are equally important .
Adults will face the dilemma between providing for their aged parents or supporting their young children 's education .
incorrect in-text citation ( Khalik , 2009 ) .
The elderly made a commendable contribution to the society when they were younger and active in the workforce .
They had played their part in the economy by being plural in the country and bringing investment to Singapore by being productive and efficient members of the workforce .
Hence , the elderly made significant contributions to the country , which provides a strong background for the government and society to provide for them .
Asian moral values involves helping and respecting the elders. .
The older population is seen to be knowledgeable with the ability to impart valuable lessons and experiences to the younger generation .
incorrect in-text citation ( The Committee on Ageing Issues , 2004 ) .
Whereas , the physically impaired make up a relatively a small part of the population in comparison and is present in different clusters of people .
It would thus , be more feasible for the physically impaired to turn to communal help from charitable organisations than for the elderly to turn to these organisations for singular .
several areas of country 's developments such as expanding on economic capability through business investment , allocating financial resources on infrastructure and technology , and investing on human capital seem to be of importance than providing to the financial needs of the aged .
In fact , a more prosperous economy should provide the economic means to support the public spending on the aged .
A pragmatic government would rather channel resources to other areas of the country 's singular .
In the tourism sector , the focus is on the two integrated resorts which are currently being developed .
Fusionpolis , Biopolis and business hubs have been set up in various parts of Singapore .
Consequently , a larger tax base should then sufficiently provide a larger portion of public finance for the aged .
In countries such as the United Kingdom Kingdom , welfare systems and pension schemes are in place .
We can increase public spending for the aged , but it will compromise financial resources allocated for the general population .
training , re-training and investing on quality education , nurture the people .
More public finance on the aged will compromise the investments on human capital .
In addition , the aged are not the only ones who require monetary support , other needy groups , such as the handicaps , also require monetary support to fund their healthcare needs .
Nonetheless , the aged will also benefit monetarily when the economy prospers and tax payment is increased .
Apart from the improvement in telecommunication , our transport network has recently been extended , with an addition of the Circle Line route , which will lead to an increase to the total number of MRT stations by 2020 .
An improved public transport system increases accessiblity and reduces travelling time for most people .
Although these projects have huge costs borne by the government , the benefits still outweigh the cost .
.
In conclusion , aged people can not rely on the government to take full responsibility for their needs since there are other priorities in the country 's developments which will create job opportunities , greater economic revenues , convenience and efficiency.Though the government has a social responsibility to look after the aged , families should take up the bulk of responsibility for caring and providing essential needs .
With more competing interests for financial resources , public finance on the aged is of least concern .
it will definitely put a strain on the economic budget and does not reap any return if public spending on the aged has no limits .
In many countries , there is a common phase , a baby-boomer period .
Now , another phase that most nations are facing is the ageing population .
However , the question is , how much of a focus should a country place in it when there are other important areas to look into as well ?
With the stiff competition amongst nations , public spending on the aged should be spent only if necessary , but more focus should be placed in other aspects like for example , education , tourism and security which are the key factors to a country 's economy and thus the survival of it .
Funds placed in these aspects can help ease the ageing process in the long run ,
I believe that measures to ease ageing issues can be done at a low cost and can be at the same time .
There are several viable methods such as
Strong emphasis of family support and creating an awareness about taking responsibility filial obligation , insurance , healthy lifestyle , financial planning and ensuring the aged have enough retirement fund .
There are more private sectors dealing in health and nutrition and financial consultants to help in the management of assets .
.
Information may not reach out to the uneducated . Hence funds have to be allocated to help them .
These are necessary expenditure that is unavoidable .
Some argue , that the aged are also part of a community and that we should make sure we can provide more for them as well .
It is more ethical to do that and take up the responsibilities rather than finding them a social burden and to make sure that there are enough " funds for them or even to neglect them because of pragmatic reasons .
plural can encourage voluntary welfare organization to help the aged aged .
Responsibilities will be spread among larger groups .
Without this , a nation will face stronger challenges . Helping the aged will then not even be possible .
It has been proven that countries with strong economy and security do pose a threat to others . A good example are the four giants .
in the context of a small country such as Singapore , besides taking a diplomatic approach , the country also has to make sure that her economy is strong enough for foreign companies to invest in .
When more jobs are created , business prospers more and more could then be done to support the aged .
The aged should not be forgotten but spending on them needs to be limited and only if needed .
However , this will require the whole community 's effort to make sure that cultivation of moral values and virtues are deeply rooted in them .
Public spending on aged can then be reduced much more and more must be placed in other developments that can bring prosperity to the nation and minimize social issues .
With much credit to swift medical advancements , the average life span of a human being in America has shot up by 5 years in just a decade to 82 years today .
Such increase in longevity and the reduce in birth rates , will no doubt lead to an inevitable rise to the problems of aging , as there are fewer and fewer young people to support the rising number of elderly , both financially and/ socially .
Aging is a big issue , governments from all over the world are pushing forward policies and Research and Developments to stem its economical and social impacts on a country .
In Singapore , our government has recently implemented a policy known as Lift Improvement and Facilities Enhancement , which aims to improve the living conditions of single elderly or those who have been abandoned by their families .
The setting up of the senior citizens ' corner can also act as a platform for interaction among the elderly , especially when travelling out of their house is made easier . They would be more willing to engage in more social activities , thus becoming more receptive to happenings around them and learn to be more self reliant .
This current policy of facility upgrades is very comprehensive as it ensures convenience , security , entertainment and thus the social well-being of elderly .
, allows the elderly to enter the workforce and maintain a spot in the society .
But in the case of elderly employment in Singapore , they tend to be given menial jobs , due to their physical and mental handicap as compared to younger workers . these menial jobs are unattractive to the career-driven adults in Singapore are filled up by these older workers .
For instance , in- text citation is required , 5 % of all the people aged 65 and above suffers from heart failure .
Although some elderly who suffer gentle heart failure could still maintain a relatively normal life , those who suffer to a severe extent have their day-to-day activities affected .
However with R&D in the area of heart-related diseases , has led to the developments of new drugs and treatments to control and reduce the effects of heart failures in their everyday life .
Policies to upgrade housing in Singapore have improved the living conditions of the elderly , together with the setting up of the senior citizens ' corners I am convinced that the elderly can now participate more actively in the society and live off with a higher social well being .
Also , having the elderly joining the workforce can increase the total productivity and reduce the burden piled on family members .
Nonetheless , I am convinced that current research and developments policies do play an important role to help ease the arduous aging process .
The state has a certain responsibility to provide for the old .
To simply cut back funds on the grounds that the elderly can no longer yield any economic profits is an irresponsible act .
The old are worthy of every resources spent on them as they are still important assets to the nation .
Changing norms and mindsets coupled with an increasingly high standard of living , is driving children to abandon their parents .
For countries with a small population such as that of Singapore , there exists the need to recruit foreign talents to fuel the economy .
One way to retain these foreigners is to improve the welfare system for the aged .
The state shares a part in supporting the elderly for these are the people who had a hand in nation building and morphing the society which we live in now .
Therefore , whether it is due to moral obligation or for fulfilling one 's responsibility , compromising public spending on other areas of the country 's development for the aged is unavoidable .
Without the hard work of the older generation , we would not have the fundamentals of our society .
The government should also engage in long term solutions , like Research and Development , to save money .
To add on , less spending on the aged could have caused social problems .
Cases of conflicts over money problems at home ; elderly loitering in void decks and parks ; lonely elderly found dead and only discovered after a few days , are not unheard of .
Nonetheless , government intervention can minimize the possibility of having these problems .
The Maintenance of Parents Act is one good example of government intervention where taking care of elderly is .
Working class Singaporeans would be motivated to work hard as they know the government would contribute in taking care of them as they aged .
Taking Denmark for example , it is a welfare state , but yet , it is one of the top countries in income ranking ( OECD , full stop after in-text citation It is also important to implement measures that require people to rely on oneself rather than the government .
This is especially important , considering that Singapore had got one of the fastest aging populations in Asia , according to reports by the Ministry of Community Development , Youth and Sports ( incorrect in-text citation ) .
Some of the developments and policies are the construction of studio apartments specially for the elderly , the upgrading of the Housing Board ( HDB ) lifts which helps to improve the elders living area , increasing the retirement age to allow the elders to be more self-dependent and implementing more healthcare benefits and subsidies for the elder Singaporeans such as subsidies for community hospital stay .
These studio apartments are equipped with elderly-friendly features such as non- slip toilet tiles , small grab poles , which are to upkeep delete this and replace with 'and ' offered at an affordable price .
The upgrading of lifts in the older flats delete the highlighted and replace with 'where ' the lifts stops at every floor of the HDB flats also helped to ensure barrier-free accessibility for the elders .
This was mainly... due to the fact that not every flat was suitable to undergo lift-upgrading project and money was needed from the elderly in order for the projects to take place .
Longer working lives also meant that elders would continue to play an active role in contributing to the economy and society , thus making them have a sense of fulfilment .
Although increasing the retirement age would give rise to competition for the limited amount of jobs available and increase the unemployment rates ,
The positive impacts of raising the retirement age still outweigh its ' negative impacts as nothing can replace the valuable experience that the elders would bring to the companies and the fact that they would also be able to earn more savings to look after themselves .
The government has thus planned healthcare subsidies and benefits for the elderly .
These healthcare subsidies would help to offload a certain percentage of the community hospital 's fees .
There is one problem with this policy in thats there are quite a few criteria that need to be fulfilled before an elderly could enjoy the healthcare subsidies and benefits .
The Singapore government has put in place many measures to help ease the aging process .
However as the aging population in Singapore becomes bigger in size , more research and development policies will need to be carried out to slow down the rapid growth of the aging population instead of easing the aging process .
As time passed , there is an increase in elderly in the society whereby 3 out of 10 people are elderly ( ) .
Research generally targets the constellation of problems faced by the elderly , such as declining health - growing physically weak and feeble , emotional problems - living life in a shade of negativity , and social problems - feeling foreign and out of place in the society that they have once experienced .
For example , and attracting more foreign talents .
Furthermore , more elderly would be unemployed as they are unable to work as efficiently as the working-age adults which cause their social circle to shrink .
They will feel outcast by the society as they have the mentality that they are useless , and unable to contribute to the society .
There is an improvement delete highlighted and replace with 'in ' medical and science research to cure illnesses which are usually associated with old age such as research on heart diseases and the invention of artificial pancreas to replace any which fails with age .
In addition , operations/ drugs have side effects which the elderly might not be able to recover from due to their failing health .
The Government would have to tap into its budget to support the needy aged , resulting in a heavy burden on the working class .
Thus , these policies are ineffective without first changing the mindset of employers
Yet , along with the well intentions of the government 's policy , negative effects may follow and the success of this policy will largely depend on the child 's filial piety
For instance , elderly may be exploited by their children where the homes of these elderly are turned into dumping grounds for kids .
Evidently , the policies aimed at easing the aging process of a country have various aspects to be fulfilled in order for it to be effective .
However , deciding on how much the government should contribute is a feat as a society has many needs . It is the role of the government to weigh which issues should be focused on in the short and long term .
For instance , in a recent Business Times article , it was mentioned that " government spending on Infocomm technology is set to rise 8 % " delete full stop .
( 2009 , February 19 delete close bracket The Business insert clasoe bracket after Times .
Singapore can tap on the aging population to assist in the growth of the country . " Singapore , with its well-established reputation for clinical and medical excellence , is poised to tap on Asia 's growing and aging population and entrench itself as a premier regional healthcare hub
" inocrrect in text citation .
The government has assured that it would " pour in more resources into healthcare "
incorrect intext citation The Healthcare system has be restructured to cater to the ageing population .
Furthermore , with an increasing emphasis on filial piety , the government is able to ensure that the aged are taken care of even as they concentrate on defence , education , tourism and even the needy who require aid and are all in all vital to the growth of Singapore as a nation .
This quotation implies to everyone , including the government to make a wise decision when allocating limited resources in order to reduce further , unnecessary wastage .
There is much concern about the government 's decision to allot a huge sum of the national budget on the elderly as it is uncertain on whether the investment on the aged will attribute or be to the country 's development .
The best alternative is therefore to make a more sizeable investment by limiting the spending on the aged and divert the budget to other areas of the country 's development .
Thus , those with chronic ailments are unable to seek the proper treatment they are supposed to get .
If the public spending is limited , children will have to send their parents for the appropriate level of treatment and this will reduce wastage and increase efficiency in quality of care at the same time .
Investment especially in enhancing the medical research will make everyone better off and also indirectly help the elderly in a way .
This will eventually increase the life span not only for the elderly , but also for the other generations .
Thus , diverting the budget from the elderly to R&D will provide mutual advantage for both the elderly and economic development .
The Government should invest more in the current education of the youth instead of investing the budget in the elderly .
This will help the elderly indirectly as the children are trained to embrace the Eastern value to respect and take care of their parents .
In view of providing mutual advantage to both elderly and economic development , it is best for the government to revise its budget allocation so that the right proportion of budget is divided wisely among the ministries in the country .
Elderly should not be granted a lump sum but instead the fund should be diverted to other areas which will lead to future economic growth .
This is because administrating the budget to the elderly is only a one-way benefit but if the budget is allocated to other areas such as Education and R&D , everyone including the elderly can enjoy the advantage .
What is therefore needed is both a wise policy planning and a closer look at how the allocation will influence our future and society as a whole .
This has raised concerns about the issue of our ageing population and how we could allocate our limited resources efficiently .
During the recent years , the increasing competition between the old and other groups in society for scarce resources has been on the political agenda of many countries .
However , due to practical reasons , spending needs to be limited .
We tend to need more health care as we age , in addition to this , medical advancement has led to rising health care cost , these have led to an increased pressure on the nation 's budget .
The government can not afford to bear the huge cost of public spending on the aged , as it would drain government resources .
If we fail to limit public spending on the aged , the pressure is likely to have an effect on public spending for other priorities , and also affect economic growth .
In conclusion , public spendings on the elderly should be limited due to the social problems which may arise from the lack of limited resources , the huge cost of the these public spending and the sustainability of the spendings .
Most countries , by now , should be aware about the rise in the ageing population and also the heavy expenditure it brings about .
" Public policies that encourage and facilitate education , basic research , and the application of promising technologies can enhance the well-being of current and future generation of older people " ( Robert.B.Friedland and Laura Summer.2005 ) .
Indeed , some countries , despite facing an ageing population , do not make expenditure on the elderly as their first priority , for example Singapore .
Nevertheless , with the good economic growth it is facing , the issue on the aged is taken care of well .
This essay aims to discuss that channeling public expenditure on other factors of development of a country will not only boost the economy but indirectly benefit the elderly too .
A person who has received an education not only benefits from having more knowledge and skills but has higher productivity and is able to command a relatively higher wage for his contribution in the economy .
As such , investing in a good education , will benefit a country in the long run .
For example , The Singapore government realized that quality of education was the key to creating a pool of Singaporeans who were well qualified and highly productive and as a result , it has lead to an economic boost .
Also , incentives should be provided to students who wish to proceed to a higher education level , specifically the tertiary level .
One of the reasons mentioned is " typical college graduates earn 73 percent more than a typical high school graduate , and those with advanced degrees earn two to three times as much as a high school graduate " ( Baum and Payae , 2005 , p. 9 ) .
However , it has remained a reality that by forcing people to increase their productivity by having more knowledge and skills is indeed stressful for them .
People today are becoming work-oriented and adding to the notion of higher standard of living , they tend to be " afraid " of getting married as they do not want to burden themselves with the expenditures they have to face when having a family .
Still , in order to counter such concerns , the government has provided various incentives like the baby bonus scheme introduced in Singapore which is to promote marriage and also to provide incentives to boost the birthrate .
Next , public spending on the economic sector and international trade , will make a country more affluent , hence benefiting the society especially the aged .
Free trade allows a wider range of goods and services and most importantly it is cost saving .
With trade , it forces a country to be a niche in a certain area , for example , The Singapore economy is a knowledge based one. .
As a result , Singapore has strong tripartite ties between research institutes , industry and universities facilitating a fluid exchange of ideas and competencies that assist the fast adoption of innovative creations .
This results in a 'domino effect ' if one of the countries involved in trade faces an economic downturn .
An example would be the current economic downturn faced by The United States .
The USA is one of the prominent countries involved in international trade and as a result of its economic downturn it adversely affected countries like Singapore who practice an open economy .
Despite this , Singapore was not really badly overthrown by USA 's economic deficit due to the government 's strong policies in handling such a situation .
Indeed , Singapore 's niche in R&D has resulted in the advancement in the healthcare sector providing better healthcare facilities .
Since the aged are usually the ones in need of healthcare facilities , they greatly benefit from it .
Hence , public expenditure to boost international trade has resulted in the investment of R&D which significantly benefitted the aged in terms of better healthcare services .
Lastly , public spending should be a channel to providing better infrastructure .
In Singapore , the creation of The Circle Line that would be fully operational by 2011 , has increased the accessibility of places in the country .
As a result , people can easily get to their specific destination in a short period of time .
However , with the increasing affluence and standard of living , the people are now able to purchase cars and thus , getting around would not be so much of a hassle .
Better infrastructure has also made the government improve its transportation system .
Also , with better infrastructure , more investors are inclined to invest in the country resulting in a boost to the economy .
Hence , not only expenditure on the development of infrastructure indirectly improves public transport but also boosts a country 's economic development .
Clearly , by shifting public expenditures to other development needs of the country , not only boosts a country 's development and makes living more comfortable within the country , it also indirectly benefits the elderly too .
Aging populations are compelling governments to create or revise policies and development that may affect the life of its citizens
Policy makers are faced with the challenges such as how changes in the ratio of working-age citizens to retirees affect the ability of the public to fund for the aged ?
In what ways can the health system adapt to the needs of the aged who have a higher probability of having chronic diseases ?
Lastly will the implementation of policies result in increase or decrease in public saving and investments ?
No doubt , countries are working on policies that can help to ease the aging process .
However , for policy makers their main objective is to think of policies and developments which can help the country in expansion or to ensure that it will not hinder economic growth .
In order for a country 's expansion , policy makers are working on developments that can provide a valuable " public product " such as education and infrastructure .
The development of the education sector will enable further generations to be more educated and to possess a higher level of skills .
With development in both education and infrastructure , foreign investors will choose to set up their companies in a country with a pool of talents and with great infrastructure with this it can boost the country 's economy .
Nevertheless working policies and development to assist the aged can help with the country expansion .
This can be achieve by placing emphasis in increasing and raising more productive children in futurer generations as " by raising more productive children so that the cost burden is spread over a larger and more affluent future generation " ( Paterson , 2001 ) .
As such , a win- win situation can be achieved as we not only ease the aged population but also assist in The Country 's expansion .
These technological tools are developed to make life of the aged easier , less stressful and even healthier for them to continue living independently .
For example , monitoring systems are currently researched to allow the aged to remain in their homes longer even if they are being treated with chronic diseases , rather than moving them into a nursing home which may incur more costs .
Lastly , research in life science areas has shown ways to prolong human life and to prevent illness .
A recent research shows that lighter meals may prolong human life by having calories-restricted diets .
Calorie restricted diets can induce a slowdown of the aging process and increases survival , resistance to diseases , prevents brain deterioration and lastly reduces muscle loss .
additional research states , that oxidative stress may not help prolong life as oxidative stress has links with aging , cancer and other disease .
With research and advancement in life sciences prolonging human life and prevention of illness can help to reduce the fiscal costs on heath care .
In conclusion , research , development and policies that help to ease the aging process is relatively important .
For instance , increasing and raising productive children not only can reduce the t burden but also attract foreign investors to invest in the country with a pool of talent .
Secondly , technology advancement will enable the aged to live independently even if they suffer with chronic diseases and their children can spend more time to focus on their work .
Therefore , we must pay attention on current research , development and policies to ease the aging process .
Governments usually face problems caused by an aging population .
Problems such as a shrinking workforce and an increased need in healthcare support have exerted pressure on government spending .
As the national budget is limited , decisions on the allocation of resources have to be made regularly to create a better livelihood for its people which include the young , the working adults and the aged .
Despite the important role played by a government in ensuring the well being of the aged , there should be a balance in maintaining its social presence to prevent the elderly from over relying upon them .
Moreover , in an Asian society like Singapore , it is also the moral obligation of children to perform filial piety towards their parents financially and emotionally .
Some people argue that welfare of the aged is the full responsibility of the government as they have contributed to the society for many years and it is a way of showing appreciation to them .
However , the limitless spending on them will hurt the country 's development in areas which are of importance such as education , employment and communication infrastructures .
Moreover , if the government decides to retain its limit of spending on the aged , higher tax burden will eventually be imposed to increase revenue to fund these interventions .
The government should increase expenditure in this area to maximize the potential of each individual .
Creating such awareness is crucial during this period as it prepares them mentally and financially to the challenges of aging .
In other words , Governments that spend more on this area will not only find it beneficial to those who are presently young but also for the future elderly population .
As a result , job dissatisfaction of the people will lead to a rise in unemployment .
Thus , creating the desired job opportunities often lies in the role Governments play to rectify the deficit .
As the world becomes globalized the need to stay connected and informed with one another is necessary for a country to develop economically .
For example , in order to enable efficient trade globally , telecommunication networks have to be maintained and improved to reach out to other parts of the world .
Hence , government spending on infrastructure is important to boost the economy .
A decrease in the spending to fulfill the constant needs of an aging population will not be worthwhile t .
Therefore , it is critical to spend more in these areas to develop the country 's economy rather to adhere to the needs of the aging population and bear full financial support .
The dawn of the twenty-first century has not slowed down the technological progress that man has been pursuing for so many decades .
The policy that resulted from economical research stated that the size of today 's economy and tax base could be increased by encouraging the inflow of employable immigrants .
For instance , the policy that advocates late retirement means that the working period of citizens is extended beyond the usual age of 55 and 60 .
Although it aims for the greater good , by providing the elderly with greater self sufficiency , it is more harmful in the long term because the most critical issue here is the health of the elderly .
This does not ease the problems of the aged or their children who are coping with the rising prices of goods and services and who must care for their children .
There are systems that will assist you in various day to day activities without the presence of another person including washing oneself , dressing up and using theoilet .
For this seems to be a rather effective policy , with the value-added element of being able to lighten the economic burden supported by the government .
It consequently does ease the aging process , for the elderly need not be at the mercy of others to obtain full medical care and other comforts .
Hence , the progress of the world in aspects of technology , economy and social policies have by far proven to be beneficial to the elderly of today 's society .
It has made their life after retirement one of relaxation , with comforts close at hand , .
It has made them more independent from others , and ceased to be seen as a burden in the eyes of their children and society .
The trend of an ageing population is here to stay .
Therefore , as much as other problems , mainly those dealing with the economy , may seem to demand and need more immediate attention , the ageing population issue can not be ignored and the spending on this area should not be reduced in order for a majority of the population to benefit .
Some people may argue that elderly dependency should be reduced through various means ( Peterson , 2001 ) to make way for other developments in other areas , especially the economic sector .
This is due to the lack of job opportunities and not because of the lack of proper skills among workers .
However , this does not affect a majority of the population .
The elderly are the more vulnerable group in this situation due to the fact that they are not capable of generating income to provide for themselves .
Besides , stressing on filial piety at this point in time is not going to be of any help since the working adults would probably be busy fending for themselves .
Furthermore , there is also a need to continue to provide such support to the elderly for the government to retain support and instill a sense of belonging amongst the citizens to prevent people from migrating .
As much as the policies being implemented currently are able to attract foreign talent to become citizens of Singapore , native Singaporeans still seem to be unsatisfied .
The current net migration rate stands at 5.82 migrant ( s ) /1,000 population ) .
Even so , this figure is attributed by the influx of foreign talent .
In a nutshell , government spending on elderly should not be reduced as it would potentially be unfavourable especially since the current aging trend involves the " baby boomers " , a substantial amount of people .
In fact , there should be an increase in such spending as the aging trend is set to increase in the future .
An ageing population does not cause problems only in wealthy and developed countries such as the USA Japan and Singapore , but it is also faced by developing countries such as China and Thailand as well .
The significant contributions of the aged towards a country 's infrastructure , economics , and many other things should not be forgotten .
The younger generation should be grateful to their senior citizen 's contribution because the prosperity of today 's country is built by the older generation when they are young .
For example , Mr Lee Kuan Yew , the Minister Mentor of Singapore , who always gives advice to The Singaporean Government .
Public spending on the aged such as health care should not be limited .
In fact , the aged are more vulnerable to fall sick than young people as their immune systems are degenerating .
Peterson ( 2001 ) has mentioned that healthcare once meant an occasional visit to the doctor , but it has today become a lifelong process .
So governments should aid them .
For instance , The Government can subsidize their medical expense so that the aged can have lower rates on health care spending .
As a result , the aged with low income are usually reluctant to see a doctor when they are not feeling well .
As a consequence , an illness may not be discovered at an early stage and will only be discovered when it becomes severe .
However , if the illness has became too severe , it might be life threatening and it will be much more expensive to cure it .
As we all know , the senior citizen is one of the groups with the lowestt income .
It follows that we often hear that the aged are living in poverty .
On the contrary , the increase in public spending on the aged by the government will increase the fiscal budget .
Therefore , the spending in other essential areas such as infrastructure , financial , and education will have to be cut down .
The cut down of spending in these essential areas might hinder the growth of a country .
However , in my opinion , every choice we make will incur some cost , which means something has to be given up in order to attain the objective we want .
This compromises spending that could be used , namely on education , health care and creating economic growth .
Public spending on the aged , should thus be limited in a country , for the money can be used to further enhance societal growth as a whole , and not just focus solely on this particular age group .
Children are the future and the hope of our society , for they provide us with the enthusiasm and vigor towards new technological breakthroughs and societal betterment .
Solutions ranging from micro everyday problems like constructing better roads to ease traffic to major predicaments like global warming and environment conservation can emerge with greater education for the future generations .
Providing subsidies for education and scholarships encourage students to excel in their academic work .
This , as a result , allows for easier implementation of policies which advocate the environment and society 's welfare .
Obesity , high cholesterol levels and diabetes are diseases that increased in the last century due to greater wealth and easier access to unhealthy diets and lifestyles .
A country with a flourishing economy finds investors more willing to invest there and the people stand to enjoy the range and variety of material comforts that a thriving market economy is able to provide .
Proponents of substantial public spending on the aging population issue will argue that the problem will escalate due to a declining birth rate , resulting in a proportionately larger population of elderly in the world .
Thus , we should solve the problem we are facing now , rather than allocate resources to other areas .
We definitely have to allocate resources towards this growing issue of a greying population , but we should limit the spending to only what is sufficiently necessary , and not to the extent that it restricts the society with a large financial burden .
Instead , we should allocate use of the resources towards betterment of the society , bringing up ideas and opportunities that can possibly solve this problem eventually .
Recent studies have shown that Singapore is becoming one of the fastest aging populations in the world ( Bryan , 2008 ) .
The elderly people are already amounting to a quarter of the population in Singapore .
What is then needed is that the public expenditure towards the needs of the aging population should be carefully looked into instead of diverting it to the country 's development .
Firstly , slow population growth results in an increased burden for children in having to take care of their parents ( Peterson , 2001 ) .
For example , when families have an average of one child instead of two or three children , the single child will have the task of taking care of his or her family in the future .
The rising health care costs make it even tough for the child to cope with it and some are not willing to support their parents .
Secondly , there is a scheme called the Central Provident Fund ( CPF ) , which is to make Singaporeans start saving when they are young , but it is not enough for them to survive with having CPF alone .
Although the government enforces individual saving through CPF , not every person will benefit from it .
Self-employed people do not have CPF as they are not working under an employer , so the employees and employers do not contribute part of the employees ' salary to the CPF .
This causes them to not have much savings when they grow old .
Thirdly , the aged have been important to the society and country .
Without them , the country and people will not be so prosperous and developed as they are now .
They still contribute to the society by looking after their grandchildren while the parents are at work and our Minister Mentor , Mr Lee Kuan Yew , is one example of a person who contributes very much to the country 's polities although he is over eighty years old .
They are still very important and the government must help take care of them in a way and not to overlook them .
Lastly , the elderly tend to have different needs and behaviours to that of younger people .
Those people aged 70 and above have even weaker health than people aged 50 to 70 .
As a result , they will place further demand on government funds .
At this point , one may wonder if the aging population is the most important issue to take note of .
However , the Country 's development is also a matter that Singapore needs to be concerned about .
Having to maintain good trade relationships with other countries such as having free tax and levy on imports and exports will help to grow the economy and benefit the people of Singapore .
All of this will boost the county 's economy .
Singapore is transforming into an aging society .
The challenge is to encourage healthy and productive life for the aging population and find ways for them to contribute more to the society so that they can play a valuable role in the country .
The government should not use the ageing population as a reason to limit public spending as they always encourage productive and healthy living for the elderly people .
The issue of an ageing population should be taken seriously , and more has to be put in place in addressing the issue .
First of all , money can be diverted to Singapore 's education system so as to increase the productivity of the younger generation to acquire sufficient wealth for the future f ( Peterson , 2001 ) .
Also , the government can direct more technological resources to schools so as to better equip the younger generation for a technological-edged world , improving their economical worth .
In addition , the government can instill filial obligation ( Peterson , 2001 ) or family values and encourage early marriage by diverting money in crafting new programmes via the education system .
These ensure while the younger generation is able to contribute economically , they do not neglect the filial obligation towards the aged and at the same time raise the fertility level .
Secondly , money can be diverted to Singapore 's architectural developments in terms of increasing the accessibility of physical facilities for the aged .
New lifts are being installed in both new and old public housing blocks so that it now stops on every floor instead of the old system , which only stops on every third or fourth floor .
Drawing from these two examples , money should be diverted to Singapore 's architecture developments as it acts as a long term investment the government has towards the issue of an aging population .
If the government is to cut back on its funding , social agencies will face difficulties in sustaining their operation , not to mention the support they are able to provide for the aged .
Diverting money to Education and Architectural development will prove to be beneficial for the aged and the generations to come .
An ageing society is a primary concern for most parts of the world , especially the developed countries .
Hence , public spending should not be limited on the aged .
Economic growth is vital to a country as with a good economy , it increases government revenue .
To achieve economic growth , productivity and knowledge of the workforce is important .
For instance , in Singapore , the government set up an Employment and Employability Institute ( ) .
In addition , emphasis should be placed on educating the younger generation , as they will be the future workforce .
For this reason , student exchange programs in schools are increasing .
These taxes contributed a significant amount to the public funds .
One of the ways to improve the economy is to ensure the competitiveness of the workforce by having and encouraging people to upgrade their skills .
The other way is to have students receiving a quality education .
Every year , governments seriously consider the allocation of their limited public spending .
One of the reasons why social development has the highest percentage is because governments are facing the problems of an aging population and are looking for ways to resolve them .
However , some have argued that public spending should not be limited to the aged .
Furthermore , the elderly tend to be less efficient than the younger working adults .
Hence , it is vital that the Government does its part by diverting more of its spending to help the aged .
In order to reduce the need for the aged to fully depend on the government , the government should encourage the aged to support themselves instead .
Hence , with the creation of more jobs , the government can assist the aged to secure a job and allow them to support themselves , on the condition that they are still healthy .
The idea of limiting the spending on the aged and diverting the money to the improving of the education system and creating of more job opportunities is to prevent the over-reliance of the aged on the government , eliminating the wrong perception of " I will still survive with this 'free ' money from the government " .
" To a large extent , current research and development/policies have helped to ease the aging process " on a large scale , there are a number of countries that have a problem with the aging , which is the faster the rate of elderly people increases , the more urgently the problem must be solved .
Therefore , governments are funding a lot of realistic research and technology to .
that should be considered such as the cost of facilities , equipment and finding sponsorship to make the development , that governments must be serious in extending the method of easing the aging process .
By 2025 this ratio is forecast to be 0.59 people under 20 for every person older than 65 " ...It can be observed that the dramatically increasing proportion of elderly people will have a tremendously wide impact on our society .
Firstly , The elderly seem to be burdensome for young generations for the young must share their budgets to take care of the elderly
Secondly , the increase in the rate of elderly people can cause trouble in health care costs which means more funds used for maintaining a healthy life for the portion of society no longer able to work .
Therefore , some solutions to solve this critical problem must be found. .
Let take a look in Singapore 's policies nowadays .
Under the , Singapore 's government has implemented some policies such as constructing new infrastructures for the elderly and for the next generations also .
Besides , policy makers also plan to extend the financial security of the elderly through either raising the working age or prolonging retirement bursaries .
Those policies are gradually easing the aging process for they create good conditions for the elderly to have more opportunities to contribute their productive labour and to have more happiness for the rest of their life .
Furthermore , the improvements in the healthcare system is also lightening the aging burden .
More and more medical innovation has applied to extend life expectancy so that the working-age has been lengthened consequently .
As a result , the productivity of citizens has also increased rapidly which leads to an increase in national revenue .
Despite the disagreement among economists about the cost of investing money in developing new technologies and drugs for maintaining good health for the elderly , the investment in health care is profitable and wise .
When elderly workers have more choices to keep their healthy lives longer , they are eager to become potential consumers for medical care ; therefore , the national budget will grow tremendously which relatively increases a big amount of GDP ( cited in the " Government will control media cost ?
So the fact that governments put efforts into developing health care systems is logical and actually they have done well .
For example , according to a study by economists Laurence Kotlikoff and Christian Hagist of the National Bureau of Economic Research : " the annualized rate of growth in government spending on health care was not only tops in the U.S. , at 6.23 percent , but that the rate of growth here was the fastest relative to increases in gross domestic product among the 10 countries studied .
Hence , the USA spent money on nursing , building hospitals and strengthening clinical care for the elderly
Likewise , in Singapore , the government spends S $ 110 million on paying basic Medishield premiums for two years for Singaporeans aged 61 to 69 so that 90 % of the elderly can have health care benefits ( cited in Asian metacare paper ) .
In short , from the economical and social point of view , it can be concluded that the elderly have been taken care of better than in the past by the improvement of technological equipment , health care systems and the serious awareness of the issue by governments .
The elderly must be respected because they are a factorr in making society better-off in economically .
As a result , governments should continue to put efforts into dealing with the aging issue .
As a result of the growing aging population , public spending on the aged has increased in an attempt to minimize the negative impacts of a fast aging population .
Such a strategy translates into increasing pressure on national budgets and economies which could be used in other areas of the country 's development .
Some have argued that public spending on the aged is redundant as the productivity and contribution of the aged to the nation is questionable .
However , the assumption that the aged are non productive is untrue due to the increasing emphasis on healthcare .
This has has allowed the aged to remain healthy , continue working and remain productive despite their age .
Therefore , public spending on the aged is crucial in ensuring the continued productivity of the aged which in turn benefits the country .
Firstly , the high medical and healthcare service fees can " substantially drain the resources of many elderly " ( Friedland , & Summer , 2005 , p.17 ) .
Despite having insurance coverage , it is still possible that medical bills are insufficiently covered .
Therefore , the government should not neglect healthcare benefits for the aged as the consequence is undesirable .
This indicates a lack of resources , whether monetary or non monetary to support the large numbers of elderly .
Besides , it brings us back to the aspect of high medical expenditures which the younger generations are probably unable to afford as well .
He is likely to face financial constraints due to high medical expenditures .
To solve this problem , public spending on the aged can provide an alternative resource to support the aged which therefore lightens the burden of the younger generations .
In addition , additional healthcare resources can improve the health of the elderly hence , enhancing the productivity of the aged .
Thirdly , the shrinking ratio of younger generations in the future indicates the importance of elderly remaining productive to the economy .
However , this scenario may change in the future due to the lack of human resources in the job market .
To prevent the disruption of the labour market , the elderly are likely to remain in the work force in the near future .
Therefore , public spending on the aged is as crucial as other areas of a country 's development .
In conclusion , the assumption that public spending should be used in other areas of a country 's development due to the lack of productivity of the aged is flawed .
One crucial problem is the increase in government expenditure for the aging population which in turn strains the future working population .
One segment of policies that the government has implemented is to increase the overall fertility rate of Singapore .
The scheme caused an adverse effect as it only focused on the explicit costs .
Some of which include giving up one 's career to take care of one'sr children .
Therefore , with the , many prefer to establish their careers before having children .
Parents in this modern society want their children to be equipped with numerous skills to prepare them for the future workforce .
However , the Medisave scheme has proven to be insufficient because medical expenses for the elderly are simply so high that people 's Medisave savings can be used up within one week ( Popatlal , 2009 ) .
This problem becomes worse if the elderly do not have any children or children who choose to neglect their responsibilities to support their elder 's healthcare finances .
On the other hand , housing policies may have the opposite effect as some couples may misuse the policy by using the grant for their own benefit .
The current development of new community hospitals which link up with the main hospitals is an example of a measure that will ease the aging process .
Easing the aging process by establishing policies that solve explicit problems has proved to be inadequate .
This may include the impact of the rise in living expenses and the influences of western culture .
Ageing Population has become an unprecedented fast developing phenomenon many countries in the 21st century , more prominently in the developed countries .
Faced with low birth rates policy makers are concerned about the social and economic impacts brought about by this phenomenon .
Despite strains experienced on public spending , to a large extent given the severity/urgency of the problem , the well being..wt the well being of the elderly should be attended to first with priority before any other aspects come into considerations during policy making .
Only then can the other problems arising from an ageing population be resolved simultaneously .
With longer average life expectancies in the ageing population , demand for a good healthcare system is critical .
With higher standards of living as compared to past conditions , people are living longer today .
Therefore governments need to channel more resources into building healthcare infrastructures and services .
A good healthcare system will be one whereby the elderly are able to access it with ease in time of need and it should be one that is made affordable to all .
Nobody should be deprived from receiving treatment on any grounds .
Investments in a good healthcare system would ensure that the ageing population is healthy and hence more government attention could then be diverted onto issues like economic development etc .
Moreover a healthy ageing population would also mean that more workers will be available for deployment and hence contributing to the nation 's productivity and development indirectly .
' This point justifies that reducing the budget in necessary public spending on the aged might in fact hinder the country 's development under certain circumstances .
Increasing investment of capital in amenities such as day care centres , elderly friendly housings and facilities , establishing more homes for the elderly etc should be carried out in response to the ageing population .
Despite the increase in capital investments on elderly friendly amenities , the allocated budget for a country 's development need not be jeopardized .
Instead governments could reallocate budgets whereby more funds initially set aside for childcare amenities be transferred to fund the development of elderly friendly amenities since the former needs fewer resources due to the low birth rate in the population .
Moreover having in place all the amenities for the elderly , it would allow the elderly to be more independent in taking care of themselves .
More policy making resources hence could be placed on other aspects of the country 's development as a result .
However welfare for the elderly should be offered on varying levels with accordance to individual needs , in order to better allocate a country 's limited resources and eliminate inefficiency and wastage ( Peterson , 2001 ) .
As shown by several welfare states such as Britain and Canada , the pension scheme might cripple peoples ' motivation to work and bring about early retirement .
This in turn would lead to lower labour deployment for the country and hence lower productivity , having an adverse effect on the country 's development .
Increased public spending in this case encourages senior citizens to stay idle , when the resources can be better diverted to other areas of the country 's development .
This reminds policymakers to adopt a more cautious mindset while allocating funds to public spending .
This essay has identified that public spending on the aged is necessary due to changing demographic patterns of today 's society and should not be disregarded .
Only when the ageing population issue is well managed can a desirable outcome on the country 's development be achieved. .
However public spending budgets should be drafted with more consideration to avoid any misuse of the country 's resources .
Undoubtedly , spending on the aged is essential as they have contributed to our society greatly , but this should only be done to an extent and should not be the full responsibility of the government .
Moreover , the advances in technology have prolonged the life expectancy of every single human , making expenditure for old age soar to a great high due to high medical costs .
According to Friedland and Summer ( 2005 ) , if a nation spends more on the aged , besides slowing down the growth of the nation , it will also create more costly problems in future .
These problems include insufficient housing for people , higher unemployment rates and insufficient budget for the future aged population .
Therefore , public spending on the aged should be limited to an acceptable level where it covers the neediest that are desperate for help , . Most of the other portions of the public fund should be invested into the expansion of the nation to generate more funds for the aged when the investments ripen .
A country that is not expanding as fast as the population grows will insufficient housing for its people .
Hence , the reduction in housing spending while spending more on the aged , may cost the government more .
This is because the government may need to build and set up temporary accommodation for the homeless , where the manpower , materials and resources will cost more than the problems associated with limited spending on the aged .
Furthermore , people will lose loyalty and a sense of belonging to the country when there is n't even shelter above their heads .
This may cause mass emigration of the working age group which will bring down the nation 's economy and further aggravate the aging population problem .
Anotherr implication of overspending on the aged will be slowing down the growth of the economy which leads to unemployment as the market is unable to support the additional people .
This again will cost the government even more as now the government will need to support the increased number of people in need .
Furthermore , the current working age group may not have anything to rely on when they grow old as the government did not invest enough in the market instead placing large amount of the funds on the current/present aged population .
This is an unfilial act .
Another social issue will be the aged taking government help for granted and depriving aged people who are really in need such as old single women and disabled people .
These two social issues will not happen if there is limitation on public spending on the aged .
In conclusion , public spending should be limited to an extent where no single needy person is deprived from assistance .
The government should also diversify funds to develop the economy , so when the economy grows , there will be more money for the government to support the aged who are unfortunate and vulnerable .
On the other hand , people will also have greater disposable income and be self-reliant , in order to support their aged parents .
As reported by SDS ( 2008b ) , we have a decreasing old age support ratio , with 17 residents aged 15 to 64 years old supporting one senior citizen aged 65 and above in 1970 , reduced to just 8.4 in 2008 .
Instead of just 'feeding ' , the government aims to get senior citizens to learn a new way of fishing emphasizing self-reliance .
If the majority of our senior citizens are able to be independent and pro-active , it helps to ease the dependency on our younger working population .
Even with the plethora of schemes , policies and aid , there will always be some who are unable to be independent .
This can be due to a range of reasons , such as disability , health , old age and even their mentality towards post-retirement work .
As expected , the percentage " increased to 77.9 % for those aged 75 and above " ( MCYS , 2006 , p.9 ) .
At the same time , it could be the mindset of some senior citizens , who feel the government should be footing their bills , as a right for the country 's elderly .
With the foresight of our country 's leaders , sociologists and policy makers , Singapore has many solutions to help alleviate the problems and hopefully , will towards sustaining the country better .
Everyone has a part to play , regardless if they are a working adult , a retiree , an elderly person or more importantly , just a citizen .
To experience a changing state of the body , generally for the worse , an individual could undergo tremendous amounts of psychological stress .
Thus , besides the critical assessment of allocating and maximising the use of the country 's resources , the government also have a part to play in ensuring that people have a smooth transition into old age .
There have been many proposed strategies , policies and research that act to target people of all ages in alleviating the effects of a greying population .
However , , because such approaches tend to operate with the concept of initial loss and future substantial gain , the majority may be unwilling to accept such propositions .
As such , critics disagree with the statement that the current policies have helped to ease the aging process to a large extent .
Although this method follows an " institutional-redistributive model " ( Metha & Wee , 2004 ) that is beneficiary to all citizens of Singapore , it involves the compulsory allocation of a portion of the salary , which in a short-term perspective is unfavourable .
Goals like car ownership may be disrupted by such interventions since the supposedly 'extra income ' is used to cover the individual for insurance and possible medical costs .
Through a holistic approach of both attitudes and actions towards such policy , .
have to align their ideology with that of the government to reap the equal benefits of such policies .
He believes that through the upgrading of the people , they can contribute more to society with their newly imparted skills .
In contrast , by creating policies to boost productivity of the workforce , the government would firstly have to set aside resources for upgrading and incentives , posing more potential of cutting welfare programs of the aged to fund the new regime .
Since the intended result is also not substantial , imposing these policies may then cause aggravation to the people as most may prefer resources to be put into more beneficial and tangible uses like funding welfare programs .
people may not work more despite the fact that they became more qualified in multiple professions .
Thus , in order for such policies to ease the issue of a greying population , the paradigm of aiding the country must be observed by society .
in the National Day 's Rally 09 ' speech made by PM Lee , he re-emphasised the significance of social responsibility .
He mentioned that though Singapore is new hospitals and strategies of saving cost in the recovery of the economical downturn , the community itself should be obliged to maintain a healthy lifestyle ( 2009 ) .
The aged have to acknowledge that community hospitals are recommended for rehabilitation while general hospitals are meant for acute problems .
Families and communities should also supervise the wellness of people through regular medical checks or even maintaining a healthy social network .
There are many existing initiatives that society can implement in the absence of such policies to ease the ageing process .
By campaigning pro-activeness as an integral part of people 's lives , it is certain that any policies implemented will be embraced by the majority 's positive perceptions .
Thus , with societal and governmental support , the process of ageing will be eased not only through the dampening of fiscal consequences but also very importantly , through the willingness of society in comprehending the greying issue .
Japan , the United Kingdom , France , Singapore , the and the United States are some countries that are facing the inevitable challenge of an aging population .
Various measures have been by the state to cope with the rising needs of the elderly .
The government has increased national expenditure to provide extra subsidies and financial aid for old age .
However , some people disagree that public spending on the aged should be limited so that money can be channelled into other areas of development .
Many elderly people in society are still in need of public funds to support them financially , to subsidise their costly healthcare bills and also to enjoy more elderly services and facilities .
Public funding is necessary to support the low income group of elderly and to provide necessary social services .
For instance , in the United States , there is cash payment for the elderly under their social security system , supplemental security income program , catering meals programmes for the elderly and even subsidized housing ( Brecher , Knickman , Vogel , 1986 , Pg 366 ) .
Public spending should not be limited to helping the elderly with financial difficulties .
The state will have to pay for the workers that are running these retirement homes and rehabilitation centres .
Thus , public funding is still necessary to help the elderly who are in financial need and also to promote social welfare services for them .
Some elderly people who have retired might find themselves unable to cope with their rising medical expenses .
The government should actually help to subsidize medical bills for the elderly .
Furthermore , in the United States , there is the Medicaid programme .
They should keep themselves physically fit to prevent serious health implications at a later stage in life .
Nonetheless , public spending on healthcare subsidies should neither be reduced nor limited as the elderly still deserve care from society to lead a prolonged life .
It could jeopardize government spending on other areas of a country 's development in the long run .
Clearly , public spending on the aged should not be limited to money being diverted to other areas of the country 's development .
The aged are part of the fabric of society , and the should not be discriminated against .
After all , the elderly toiled hard when they were young and contributed significantly to the economic development of their country .
Their efforts should be compensated when they are old by providing them with a suitable assistance scheme through public spending
The rapidly aging population has caused a dilemma for the government .
The increasing dependency of the elderly is causing a burden to the national budget .
If governments neglect the importance of a country 's development and choose to spend more on the elderly instead , .
Public spending on the elderly should be limited , so money can be better spent on the country 's development , such as technological advancements for the betterment of the nation .
It is widely believed that the government should care for the elderly , in return for their valuable contributions to the country .
This is proven during a recession , where financial packages for the elderly are temporarily reduced .
The elderly usually form a minority of the population in a society .
In Singapore , the elderly comprises of only 8.7 % out of the total population .
So besides concern for the elderly , the welfare of society has to be taken care of .
Every government must fulfill their duty to build a society , where all citizens have equal rights , and not just focus on the elderly .
Education for the youth should be stressed more , school and other facilities ought to be built .
We should invest more on the young and adults instead of the elderly , as it is more promising to do so .
It is important for the government to know their role , to provide opportunity for their citizens to grow .
''Migrants should be able to migrate out of choice rather than out of necessity,' ' says the 25-member European Union .
It seems that workers tend to move out from an undeveloped country to seek better job opportunities
To the well developed countries of course .
This shows that becoming a developed country not only prevents the lost of workforce but also attracts talents to join our nation .
This in turn increases income tax and corporate tax collection which can be used for the benefit of the elderly .
Obviously , the notion of reimbursing the elderly with financial aid for their contributions to the country is naive .
There are plenty of methods that can provide aid the elderly .
This is an example of alternatives that can be used to reduce spending on the elderly .
So reducing spending on the elderly for the sake of a country 's development is a wise act .
While public spending on the aged is vital , it should not comprise other aspects of a country 's growth and development .
Despite the above , it may be argued that as the elderly contributed significantly to the country 's development in their younger days , in view of their long term hard work , they should be entitled to more benefits than the rest of the population .
For instance , as people age , there is an increased need for more healthcare resources , hence leading to inevitable spending in healthcare .
However , for the elderly with low or no income , they may face difficulties and restrictions in seeking appropriate medical treatment due to financial problems .
It is therefore crucial for governments to extend assistance to the elderly in the form of medical subsidies , allowances , rebates and other kinds of financial aid to ensure that the needs of the elderly are met and protected .
Resources of the country should be diverted into this aspect to provide scholarships and bursaries for needy children who are keen to further their studies and allow them to be exposed to better working opportunities in the future .
This further suggests that with education , older people in the future will be more affluent and will have a lesser tendency to rely on the government for their well-being .
In short , a better suggestion will be for countries to place more emphasis on its economical development , as with economic growth , people are generally more affluent and hence will possess the financial capabilities of providing for themselves in old age .
Even though there will also be a minority who are less capable of doing that , they will only comprise of the few who require assistance from the government .
Just a few decades ago , most economies were so focused in developing their country economically that they ignored the issue of an aging population .
Yet , it was only until recently that governments , especially those in developed countries , started to pay much more attention to the problem .
Undoubtedly , more public spending should be channeled to deal with the issues piggybacked along with a graying population .
As such public spending on other areas of the country 's development such as education would need to be cut to maintain a budget balance .
In today 's globalized world , where economies are growing at a tremendous rate in a diverse way , national spending has to be planned concisely and utilized fully in order to achieve optimal economic growth .
With public spending reduced in areas such as education and housing so as to fund the elderly , the country 's development would be hindered by the lack of funds .
This would greatly affect a country 's development as there are not enough people to fuel the economy .
This is especially true in countries such as Singapore , where its economic growth is largely dependent on its people .
The issue of an aging population will pose a threat to her future economic development .
Nonetheless , the government should fund the age with a perimeter in mind for such heavy subsidies comes with heavy tax levies citizens and investors .
Moreover , the aged may become over dependent on the government for subsidies .
Instead , funds should be diverted to other areas such as building more industrial infrastructures so as to attract more foreign-direct investments for the country 's development .
While it seems that it is necessary for a government to increase public spending to fund the aged so that productivity of the workers can be maintained , this can not be sustained in the long run .
Governments should not be myopic and divert most of the funds to support the aged but instead weigh the pros and cons carefully when implementing various long terms polices .
Likewise , most countries are currently tackling the main issue of an increasing ageing population .
Since today 's silver population of 65 years and above is 15 percent and is estimated to grow phenomenally to around 25 percent by the year 2030 ( Centre for Strategic and International Studies 2009 ) , governments are deeply concerned with the implementation of fiscal and welfare policies that would directly impact the aged .
A component of fiscal policy , public spending , should be limited so that self-reliance can be inculcated into the aged through forced savings and so the economy can function better by shifting monetary input to facilitate trade and investments in infrastructure .
Contrary to limiting public spending , critics of human rights have been advocating that state funding should not be minimized at the expense of growing the economy .
The mindset of respecting those who built the country from scratch resonates with feeling indebted to take care of them when they are old and providing them with the best of health-care .
Moreover , to a large extent , the government should favour funding programmes and policies for the elderly so their interests are well looked after .
Although it has always been the case that an appropriate amount of public spending is set aside for the aged , it is of the utmost importance to instill a sense of self-reliance in them , which can be effective through education about saving for retirement throughout their working life .
This plan of accumulating savings by an individual is compelled by law in some countries and at the same time , while the savings can help to enhance one 's responsibility for their own life , they can also provide people with financial security after retirement .
As such , there may be a huge concentration of growth in the area of trade because when more capital is used to invest in trade , it reaps substantial rewards in the form of revenue and higher growth and stability of the economy will ensue .
Besides state funds and capital can be used to improve the infrastructure of the country ; e.g .
public transport systems , telecommunications sector , energy and water resource divisions etc , so that the country may advance and prosper with the advent of new technologies and infrastructure .
Therefore , when economic growth is stable , this will lead to avenues of vast opportunities to further develop the country , and also result in fewer elderly in dire needs ( Friedland and Summer , 2005 ) .
As Singapore has limited land , it will have to think of ways to increase land usability and rejuvenate the old estates .
" I strongly agree with this statement .
Nowadays , a lot of researches have been carried out and many policies have been implemented in order to ease the aging process .
Firstly , the main problem of the aging population is that the children do not want to take care of their parents when they are old , because they think that parents are troubles for them , since they are old and unable to contribute .
Under this act , parents who are above the age of 60 and are unable to support themselves can claim maintenance from children .
Children who fail to do so may be fined up to $ 5000 or jailed up to 6 months .
According to the statistics made by a government organization , in the first 3 years after this act was implemented , 400 parents sought for aid under this act .
Some may argue that filial obligation should be voluntary and shall not enforced by law .
But , if the children still fail to support their elderly parents after much education , legislation will be a must in solving this problem .
If children are bound by such filial obligation , they will then take care of their own parents , and hence , the elderly dependency on government subsidies or the public may be reduced .
Secondly , some senior citizens who do not have any children will have no support at all .
Thus , it is crucial that they have their own jobs , their own income , in order to support themselves .
As a result , later retirement is encouraged by governments from many countries .
After retirement , the elderly always stay at home and have fewer activities .
Not only that , the biggest problem is that they will have no income to support themselves .
The reason is that , with a job , the aged can keep themselves busy and do more thinking in order to complete their work .
For example , the Singapore government has extended the retirement age of Singaporeans from 60 to 62 , and at the same time , provides them with trainings and courses , such as the Ling Kwang Home and Seniors @ eCitizen , in order to meet the requirements of employers .
Some may argue that later retirement is too much a burden for the elderly , but it is actually optional for them , depending on their own abilities and desires .
In short , later retirement can help the elderly to accumulate more wealth to support themselves , maintain health and find new purposes of life so that they are less dependent on others .
For example , the Singapore government has implemented many policies and provided a lot of subsidies to help the elderly .
One of the subsidies is Home Medical and Home Nursing Subsidy provided by the Ministry of Health ( MOH ) .
In a nutshell , various problems have arisen due to the aging population .
However , rather than to discriminate against and despise the elderly , we should put in more effort in trying to ease the aging process .
The three main methods in solving this problem will be filial obligation , later retirement and government subsidies . Last but not least , every single person and organization should combine strength together to curb this problem , as quoted in the MOH Philosophy , " An elderly person should stay in community for as long as possible as institutionalization should only be a measure for the last resort .
This increase is due to the larger number of babies born between the baby boomers ' years of 1954 to 1964 , and the fall in birth rates subsequently .
Moreover the size of the ageing population is expected to increase more by the year 2030 ( by 18.7 % ) . It is therefore expected that the government spending should likewise increase .
The question is how much the increase should be and whether there should be a limit put in place .
In this case , there would not be a need to allocate limitless public spending to the aged .
He advocates that more of such programmes will help Singaporeans feel more " rooted " and possess a greater sense of belonging , since they will then have a 'stake ' in this country .
When more money is being invested in these entrepreneurship programmes , there should be an increasing pool of business-savvy talents .
However we must also consider whether to either sustain these new fields or deal with their .
Let us take an example of the stem cell research centres at Jurong Science Park .
In attracting these foreign lucrative industries , the government built new roads and infrastructures to remain competitive globally .
In conclusion , I believe that spending on the elderly should be limited because the elderly will be increasingly independent in the future , and because new economic challenges which require more government spending would arise .
In fact , the issue of aging population is normally seen in all developing and developed countries due to the explosion of technologies and enhancement in lifestyle .
It shall be handled with wise policy planning but not putting in as much country wealth to take care of the welfare of the elderly as possible .
This is why the topic issue is raised , as a result of not forgetting the elderly who contributed much to all the improvements in their younger ages .
However , in conjunction with the positive feedback of modern technologies , the elderly in this era are enjoying a much more comfortable lifestyle compared to decades ago .
We shall not be hauled back by the aging issue as the welfare for the elderly is actually better taken care of than before , but we should focus on just taking care of the group of elderly who is really weak .
Government spending is necessary for the welfare of the elderly but the bigger portion of it must be retained for other parts of national development .
On a larger scale , government policies should be made based on the advantage of all but not just the aged community .
Public policies are still needed to be drawn up taking into account of the problems the elderly meet , but not to an unlimited extent that goes for their good at all cost .
It 's inevitable there will still be a group of aged people who can not take care of their own welfare . It 's the responsibility of a caring government to take care of their needs .
As implemented in Singapore , filial obligation is drafted in law , which means that children are compulsory to take care of their parents ' elder life . " It would be agreed that children owe to their parents respect and kindness generally and assistance in case of infirmity or any special need... " ( Henry Sidgwick 1907 ) .
For the layer of aged population who is still healthy but has lower income , they might have problems in accumulating wealth .
Although government spending is to be cut down , the healthcare of the elderly should be provided at least for the poor .
Subsidized regular check up and medical fees must be offered to the senior citizens who are not able to pay up the amazingly high medical costs .
For instance , education is the most important part to invest in , knowing that new generations will be the future work force and take over the power and leadership position .
In Singapore , 743.4 million dollars was spent in 2007/08 to achieve a high literacy rate of 96 % ( among residents aged 15 years and over ) .
However , due to the high independence of senior citizens nowadays , it 's not necessary to provide an all-range policy to all of the aged population as there 're still many other aspects that should be taken care of .
This concludes that public spending on the aged population is fairly needed but to an extent that allows more improvement in other fields .
Old age has been always been associated with poor health and loneliness as people reach the final stage of their life .
The aging process is exacerbated when children abandon their parents as they feel that the old ones are a burden to them .
This is evident by an increasing number of old people being sent to old folks home every year .
In the past , such cases were fewer as abandoning of parents was seen as a social stigma , an unfilial act .
Unprecedented advances in technology resulted from extensive research and implementation of different creative policies have made the process of aging more pleasurable .
Firstly , in the medical arena , huge amounts of money have been poured in for research and development .
This is without waste , as many cures have been found .
Secondly government policies have impacted the lives of the aged positively .
Hence to be entitled to subsidies greatly increases their welfare .
Furthermore more and more countries are compelled by the law to set aside a certain amount of money for their old age .
In Singapore , a certain portion of working population income is set aside in their Central Provident Fund ( CPF ) in which the money can only be taken out at age 55 or later .
With more savings the old ones can provide for themselves and have more to spend for themselves instead of relying on the small sums payout by the government .
Another government policy that benefits the aged is the increment of the retirement age .
Other than the economic benefits , old people can involve themselves in their work and research has shown that working reduces the risk of getting illness associated with old age such as Alzheimer 's disease .
Thirdly , developments in infrastructure have resulted in more community centres built .
There are many activities ongoing in these community centres which are open to anyone interested .
Old people are encouraged to participate in these activites as they not only allow them to fill their time with activities they are passionate about but also expose them to opportunities to mix with a variety of people .
These activities make the aging process more fulfilling and engaging .
As countries get more developed , their citizens are more affluent and trends and cultures change .
More and more people are forsaking their parents in old folks ' homes as they could afford to .
Old people in old folks ' homes may have to deal with loneliness and the harsh fact that their own children whom they have brought up , have abandoned them .
To conclude , advancement in technology , breakthroughs in medical research and various government policies have contributed to the aging process where the aged can have better , quality and pleasurable time completing their last stage of their life .
However in certain cases development has caused a weakness in the extended family .
'Aging ' is a natural process of human life-cycle , whereby one grows older and gains his wisdom to the fullest before he departs from the Earth .
As such , this intensifying phenomenon creates a huge economic impact on numerous countries across the globe , presenting challenges on the allocation of fiscal budget to mitigate rising healthcare costs as well as costs in other related areas .
With the growth of the aging population , public spending on healthcare costs will be exorbitant .
However , the government should also ascertain the limit of healthcare finances based on an individual 's capability .
A nation 's military spending always takes up a substantial proportion of its fiscal budget due to the importance of having a strong defense force to defend itself against aggressors should diplomatic negotiations fail .
For example , the proliferation of nuclear weapons by North Korea has sparked off a regional arm 's race , causing neighboring countries like South Korea to purchase more sophisticated weaponry from America .
In addition , since the '911 ' incident , the world has come to see the threat of terrorism as very real .
Therefore , this would incur less healthcare costs as they remain fit and productive in their golden years .
People living in well-developed countries have high standards of living due to their affluence brought about by their stable economy .
This also means that less healthcare spending is required to sustain these affluent elderly people .
The lower-income group will also benefit from a well-developed economy as higher economic growth enables a government to provide more healthcare finances to support the elderly .
This would thus reduce the financial burden of this group of people based on their income ceilings .
Despite the volatility of the country 's economy due to the global market , it is imperative for a government to implement feasible economic policies to facilitate trade and growth .
Therefore , having a sturdy economy will also incur less financial costs on elderly welfare .
In retrospect , countries around the world face challenges with an increasingly aging population .
Aging is , no doubt , one of the most pressing issues that many developed countries are facing today .
Japan and Singapore have been battling an aging society for many years where the birth rates are at depressing levels and better healthcare facilities are available .
Firstly , through economical means , elderly people are becoming increasingly part of the working community , working past the retirement age .
There are subsidies from the government to employers to send workers aged 40 and above to upgrade their skills .
An example is SDF course fee subsidy of up to 90 % for workers aged above 40 with 'A ' level and below qualifications .
However , critics may argue that employers may hire younger workers due to their lower wages and higher working efficiency as compared to older workers .
As for wages , people aged above 50 will contribute less to their CPF accounts and this includes the employer 's CPF contribution .
Secondly , through social policies , there are more and more entertainment activities to keep the elderly occupied .
To cope with elderly people 's increasing loneliness , there are activities that can bond the elders together and engage them in fun-learning and enriching activities according to their interests .
For example , the Wellness Programme in Singapore provides companionship with the other seniors through activities like brisk walking , dancing , gardening or cycling .
For example , in China , it is common to see many elderly people practising Taiji in the morning in public parks and dancing along the streets at night .
Last but not least , through architectural means , there are many infrastructures and facilities put in place for the convenience of the elderly .
The flats built in the past in Singapore were not accessible at every floor as the lifts were built in a way where they stopped only at specific levels .
Nowadays , our society is highly concerned about the impact of the aging process on our lives .
In order to be a valid candidate for an explanation of the aging process , the changes proposed by the theory must meet the following criteria : ( 1 ) they will commonly occur in all or most humans ; ( 2 ) as an individual ages , these changes will become more pronounced ; and ( 3 ) the changes will lead to cellular or organ dysfunction that ultimately causes failure of the organ or system ( Steven N. Trautwein ) .
Although the aging process has raised many problems in our lives , current science research and social policies have helped to solve these problems .
As the life cycle of human beings is , human life expectancy is heavily dependent on the rate of aging .
However , a lot of money and efforts have been put in by governments , companies and scientists worldwide to do research in aging in order to slow down the aging process and also help to resolve some health problems that are caused by aging .
For example , there are scientists who have created fruit flies that are able to their normal life spans and thus have made old human cells behave like young cells again .
This research has made it possible to let us live for a longer time , leading to a healthier life in our old age .
As a result , degenerative diseases of old age such as arthritis , diabetes and hypertension can be treated and thus help to ease the aging process .
Centuries ago , human longevity was comparably shorter than human longevity today .
This is because the invention of medicine has helped human beings to sustain a longer life .
The only way to cure these diseases is to undergo transplantation .
As the growing aging population has increased the need for organs , it is hard to get enough organs needed for the transplantation .
In this case , artificial organs can help to bridge the gap in time until a donor organ is available for transplantation and thus improve the survival of patients while they are waiting for transplantation .
Therefore , we should appreciate the hard work of scientists in the lab and medical center since it has improved old age in many aspects .
Other than the medical breakthroughs , social policies for the elderly are also playing important roles in easing the aging process .
For instance , there are social policies such as introducing advanced insurance schemes that encourages young people to start saving more to be financially secure in their old age .
Many countries have made individual retirement funds mandatory and hence successfully increased the number of individuals who are able to support themselves in their old age .
In addition , some social welfare programs , especially those which help to resolve aging problems , including providing financial help to the needy elderly , are under way .
These programs protect those underprivileged elderly from starving or from being homeless .
At the same time , some charitable societies have organized many activities for the elderly to enjoy which prevent them from getting psychological illnesses such as depression that could make them feel they are worthless .
These activities have provided a place for them to socialize with others , make friends , and get exercise as well .
Hence , these social policies have brought a happy , healthy , safe and comfortable life to the elderly .
In conclusion , our society should pay much attention to the aging problems and come up with solutions .
We are unable to reverse time but on average we can live a healthier lifestyle and for a compared with our ancestors since current research and policies are practical in solving some aging problems .
Apart from that , there are also many studies in different fields such as architecture and psychology that are helpful to the elderly .
As time passes , everybody will eventually become older and so we should prepare for it now .
For the past few years , the issue of an aging population has been debated widely across the globe as it took the world world by storm .
As economy develops , the signs of an aging population worsen .
Such signs can be seen in developed countries like Germany and Japan , where the median age of citizens in the country is pushing towards 53 and 54 respectively ( Peterson 2001 ) .
As an older population will directly result in lower productivity and higher social and welfare cost in a nation , many sociologists of today are and bringing forth strategies , hoping that the issue of elder dependency will be taken care of without threatening a nation 's economy .
While the majority of the solutions revolve around increasing public spending on the aged , many think that such a proposal is not viable nor well balanced , as the economic aspect of a country has not been taken into account .
People at this opposing end , thus believe that public spending on the aged should be limited so that money can be diverted to other areas of the country 's development , indirectly solving the aging matter effectively .
Firstly , the root of the elder dependency problem can only be solved if the country invests in other specific areas that would indirectly relieve the situation .
On the other hand , if the country invests in other specific areas like education , the burden of taking care of the elderly will literally shift from the government to the younger generation .
This is due to the better inculcation and cultivation of moral values among the youth as a result of better education , thus increasing their responsibility in taking care of their immediate elderly family members .
A country could also focus its spending on developing its financial economy , the result of which would be that the working population would be financially better off to take care of their immediate elderly family members , thereby the burden on government spending .
Secondly , allowing massive public spending on the elderly tends to create a negative impact on the society .
Since there are no future financial worries , the working population would eventually spend all their income on personal items without saving for the future .
This would put even more pressure on the government financially in terms of funding the medical and social expenses of the elderly .
Hence , limiting public spending on the aged serves as a good warning sign to people in the working society .
It reminds people that they have to play a fair part in taking care of their own health and wealth management is necessary to ensure financial security in the long run .
Such an approach can be seen in countries like Singapore , where employees are obliged to contribute part of their monthly salary to their Central Provident Fund ( CPF ) Account .
The purpose of such an account is to ensure that Singaporeans would have sufficient funds to support themselves when they grow old .
Given my above two reasons , one may argue that the ideology of such an approach in dealing with an aging population is too long-term oriented .
As such , it is impractical and it lacks the ability to deal with the problem in the short term .
As the benefit of the approach can only be seen in the long run , reducing and limiting the public funding amount immediately would result in shortage of funds to deal with current demand .
This could then result in a precarious situation , where many elder needy may not get the medical and financial attention that they need .
By reducing public funding for the elderly , the government seeks to be more stringent in their subsidization criteria .
This will ensure that those who really need help will still get the attention needed , while those who can still afford to look after themselves will receive less in contrast .
Instead of ignoring those who demand help , this approach simply re-evaluates the subsidizing criteria , enforcing the practice of self responsibility for those who can and asking the public to take a fair share in taking care of themselves or their immediate family members .
All in all , in order to tackle the root of the elder dependency problem , nations should not focus on dealing with the current tangible problems .
This will eventually result in a smoother path in easing the aging process , and lessen the burden of the nation 's economy .
" To a large extent , current research and development or policies have helped to ease the aging process .
In recent years , many Asian countries such as Japan , South Korea , Hong Kong and Singapore have been tackling a long term issue - a burgeoning ageing population , which is a repercussion of rapid economic development , with high quality of health care but a relatively low fertility rate .
An aging population has caused an increase in public spending and decline in Gross Domestic Product ( GDP ) , owing to a decrease in the people who are highly productive .
Surveys show that many elderly individuals are prone to suicide because they can not bear the overwhelming effects of ill health and the feeling of loneliness .
Fortunately , plenty of research studies and policies have helped in easing the aging process .
Prime Minister of Singapore , Lee Hsien Loong , once said , " We are crafting new policies , improving our infrastructure and developing effective programs to enable older citizens to lead full and happy lives .
" An important policy the government has adopted is " Supporting Lifelong Employability " .
According to this strategy , legislation requires employers to offer re-employment to workers for another three years after their official retirement age , not necessarily in the same job or at the same pay .
The government is going to retrain older workers and enhance their skills so that they are ready to .
For example , in July 2007 , C3M and local university Uni SIM offered courses to senior citizens so as to enable them to earn credits through courses to pursue a degree in future .
However , critics argue that the elderly are inefficient , conservative and out-dated .
They are a burden rather than an asset in the workplace .
Nonetheless , most older workers are independent , mature and .
They possess valuable experience to impart to the younger workers and they can the younger workers that are more productive and innovative , but who lack experience .
This strategy enables senior citizens to stay engaged and contributing in the workforce , have more self-reliance in finance , boost the economic development of Singapore , , and thus slow down the aging process .
Furthermore , the introduction of the Central Provident Fund ( CPF ) , a mandatory saving scheme , is also a policy carried out by the government to ease the aging process .
Under the CPF scheme , employees have to pay into their individual employee accounts during their working years and the savings can be drawn when a person retires to pay for his medical expenses or long- term care .
The policy is quite useful in grappling with the aging issue from the economic view point as it encourages financial planning by individuals during their economically active years and lowers such as their burden hindering the younger generation 's .
The government can also reduce the privileges allocated to the elderly and the public spending can be used in a more prudent way in the development of the country in other areas .
Maybe from the younger generation 's perspective , the policy does n't make sense as it not only every month , but it is .
However , it is a worthwhile practice for citizens to plan for their income and expenditure and their future .
In addition , the implementation of the " Wellness Program " and policies to create an age-friendly environment also helps in buffering the aging process .
The Wellness Program is a social program designed to encourage active and healthy lifestyles among senior citizens .
It comprises 3 parts- health screening , regular exercise programmes and social activities like brisk walking , dancing , cycling and so on .
Recently , realise that housing estates and public transport .There is also lift access to all floors of block of flats .
All these create a safe and accessible environment to the elderly .
In effect , the policies are because the welfare of the elderly is well taken care of and they will not be neglected by the community .
Despite the fact that this social policy requires a lot of money , it is crucial because senior citizens are part of our society and as responsible members of society , it is our duty to take care of their welfare when they are unable to do so themselves .
In conclusion , the aging process is complicated and multifarious , and it affects every one of us .
We may not be able to prevent the aging process from happening but we can try to slow down the process as far as we can .
Current research and development indeed helps a lot in slowing down the process .
The aging problem is serious ; it may slow down the economic growth in a country and create long-term stagnation .
Therefore , we must contribute to and support the policies available so as to achieve on a societal level in the long term .
There have recently been some issues of the ageing population that people feel strongly about .
Some think that policy makers should reduce the funds for the elderly , and spend more money on other areas of the country 's developments .
some critics would argue and object to this .
However , I agree with the first opinion .
In this way , governments can make people aware of the necessity of actively working to accumulate more money to support themselves in their retirement .
Moreover , children certainly should look after and take care of their old parents more thoughtfully than before because they would not want to see their parents affected by the decrease in funds for elderly citizens .
Besides , we can see that the elderly nowadays look healthier and than ever before .
This is due to the fact that our services for the population are now improving day by day .
For instance , the quality of life has been made better as improvements in health care and sciences now make it possible for us to .
Retirees probably do not need too much money ; the main things they want at their age are to be satisfied , to live healthily with their family and to help their offspring to be more experienced .
Therefore , the decrease in funding for the elderly should not have a bad impact on the ageing population .
It is worth remembering that policy makers should also focus on other areas to develop their countries as well as reduce the pressure of the graying population .
For example , an effective solution to the ageing population is to increase the percentage in the governments ' treasuries such as the economy , science , transportation , education and some other areas .
The reason for this is that those sectors play a significant role in the development of the nations .
Once the countries are strong enough , certainly the elderly will benefit .
To illustrate , spending money on economic research helps predict the trend of consumption and reduce the bad effects of unstable markets on the nations ' economies .
Moreover , improvements in science can not only help the people be but also decrease the size of hospitalisation and other medical bills .
Moreover , education is surely the most important area which governments must focus on as well .
The more effectively students are educated , the more productive and responsible the citizens we have .
With , there is no doubt that problems related to an no longer exists because authorities have great resources to deal with such problems .
Many critics disagree with spending less money on the elderly because it contradicts traditional morals .
They say that because the number of households with elderly members is increasing as the people born in the baby boomer generation would be nearly 65 in 2012 .
Moreover , at present , there are still many people who can not take care of their parents and have to leave them in old folks ' homes because they have their own family and they are still struggling to get by in this increasingly complex world .
However , in my view , placing a limit on public spending for the elderly does not mean that we do not care about the ageing population .
Keeping our focus on the elderly is only a temporary solution . How can we deal with this issue while we still lack support from other factors such as science and the economy ?
Governments should serve their elderly citizens over the long term instead of for the short term only .
Once they develop strong economies and improvements in science , policy makers can not only focus on the graying population but also come up with the solutions to many other problems .
Overall , governments should change their focus on other factors of the country first before they help the elderly .
Once those main sectors are strong enough , the solution for the elderly can be implemented .
The increase in aging populations around the world is being hastened due to the long life expectancy and low fertility rates in many countries .
However , if this trend of spending continues in the future , it will be destructive to a country 's financial structure .
When we flip through the newspapers nowadays , we will usually read much news about countries being battered by the prevalent recession .
According to the data calculated by the IMF ( International Monetary Fund ) to measure the impact of the financial crisis , the price of the financial crisis will indeed be high . For instance , the G20 developed countries ' GDP is expected to contract by 8 % in 2008-09 .
Nonetheless , these costs incurred during the recession will only be about 10 % of the spending related to elder care in the long-term from now to 2050.Due to the consequences brought by the financial crisis , it is critical for a country to divert more resources from elderly-related spending to pumping up the dire economy .
The substantial cost of generous elderly care will not be fully supported if the countries ' financial position is unstable .
Although many rich countries have accepted that it is time to reform their policies , the transformation is progressing very slowly due to the reluctance to introduce unpopular measures . Such reluctance is affected by political factors like election .
Secondly , it is well accepted that a country should have and appropriate development plans for gaining healthy growth .
The country should not focus too much of its effort on exploring the incentives for spending on elderly care ; instead , it should develop an adequate plan for the sectors which are equally important to the country 's development .
For example , we can not neglect the significance of education .
Education plays a critical role in helping a country grow from phase to phase .
The productivity and revenue of a country can be improved tremendously due to a well-established educational structure .
For instance , the federal government in Canada is promoting innovation where its skills and learning agenda " rests on the principle that in the knowledge economy , prosperity depends on innovation which , in turn , depends on the investments that we make in the creativity and talents of our people .
investing in innovation will brew new knowledge for the economy which will in turn then create an environment with innovation excellence to protect and improve our quality of life .
In the long run , we are still maintaining our level of elderly care a different way .
Moreover , a country which insists on providing maximum resources to the elderly care will face a dilemma when proposing a financial budget .
While elder care will inevitably account for a large portion of expenditure , the consequence of this improper budget is the financial burden of raising funds , which will result in a full load of debts and raising taxes .
The original intention of helping the elderly would then be tainted as the resulting situation would in fact cause suffering for more people .
On the contrary , the alternative to helping the elderly lead a better life is not only limited to a large spending budget , but it is also achieved while the country boosts the economy through different incentives , like supporting the entrepreneurship of people by cutting taxes and giving allowances .
It creates an environment where people will have accumulated more wealth in the early stage of their life so they can support themselves in the later stage of their life .
In reality , some elderly employees challenge the raising of the retirement age as this delays their eligibility for their pension . .
It is a challenging task for the government to persuade people to agree over such an adjustment .
In a nutshell , the solid development of a country is built on a healthy financial position and an unbiased development plan .
Having a superior elderly care system does not mean having great success in governing a country .
On top of that , spending should not be narrowly limited to elderly-related spending only , but resources should instead be evenly allocated over all the sectors instead of overlooking their importance .
Many people focused on working instead of studying , so the literacy rate was not high .
Aging problems did not arise until recently , when those who were born during the baby boom period are turning 50 to 60 years old .
It is undeniable that spending on the aged is important ; however , we should not neglect the more important areas like education and economy to make sure that the future generation does not suffer from the same problem again .
I believe that education is one of the more important areas where public money should be spent on .
In fact , a good education is the only way out of the rat race , to a better and secure future .
Although Singapore literacy rate is relatively high as compared to the rest of the world , I still believe that should be done .
For example , increasing mandatory schooling for Singaporeans until secondary school and providing more funding for students from poorer background .
Funding can be in the form of disbursing , subsidising school fees and developing more scholarship programs for the children of needy families .
These incentives will encourage children from poorer families to study further .
For instance , in the form of forced savings like the Central Provident Fund or life annuity schemes .
This will decrease the number of elderly persons that require funding from the government to get by in their old age .
More highly educated people also tend to plan ahead for their retirement .
For example , encourages retrenched or older workers to upgrade themselves to increase their employability .
Education may be one of the ways to minimize the percentage of the elderly relying on government funding .
Another area that Singapore should also spend more money on is in developing the economy .
It is when the country 's wealth can continue to grow that the economy is stable .
Coupled with better education , it will not be surprising that the disposable income of Singapore would also be increased .
This will improve the standard of living for Singaporeans and will eventually contribute to a better healthcare system in Singapore .
As Singaporeans become more well off , research for innovative products to tap on the sliver industry ( market for the old people ) will result .
Similarly , the users of the innovative products will be in a better position , financially , to afford it .
With that , the sliver industry will become a lucrative market and more companies will be willing to invest time and money into developing innovative products for the elderly .
Recently , 5 companies have received a $ 500K grant from the government to develop elderly friendly products for the silver industry .
There is an immediate problem here and we can not ignore that these 50- to 60-year-old elders as they have contributed to the success of Singapore in many ways .
Beyond that , solutions like nursing those elderly in other countries like Malaysia where expenses will be lower are not well received by the elderly themselves .
In conclusion , by spending more on both the economy and education , we will be able to decrease the effects of the aging problem .
By investing in education and the economy , Singaporeans will be able to generate more disposable income and hence , be less reliant on government funding when they grow old .
Public spending on the aged should be limited so that money can be diverted to other areas of a country 's development .
Being a firm believer of the saying 'prevention is better than cure ' , I with this statement to a certain extent .
In the year 2000 , seven percent of Singapore 's total population was over the age of sixty-five , but by 2030 this will increase to nineteen percent ( Inter- Ministerial Committee on Aging Report 1999 ) .
Singapore can limit public spending on the aged , use the savings and indirectly reduce the total expenditure on the aged in terms of healthcare and accommodation .
There are three methods that can tackle the problem in the long run .
Firstly , by channeling the money saved to make a more robust educational system , the government can have better civics and moral education .
Starting from a tender age , we should no longer rely on parents to educate the youth on what they deem as unimportant issues .
The new comprehensive education system should include firm beliefs that one should take care of one 's parents when they 're old . This will help instil filial piety in the youths. .
Indeed , more often than not , education can help one out of poverty .
Thus , by having a superb educational system , the government can essentially worry less about meeting the needs of the less educated population , thereby tackling .
By spending on the development of public amenities like beaches , larger parks , family-oriented shopping malls , etc. , the government can encourage families to foster better relationships amongst family members .
I believe that with better understanding , individuals with elderly parents will feel more obliged to spend time and money to provide better care and concern for them .
Beaches and parks also provide an avenue for the aged to keep fit and stay healthy , cutting down unnecessary healthcare costs that arise from age-related problems .
Thirdly , there should be an increase in funding for the healthcare sector .
One primary concern in providing healthcare for the aged is the cost .
Although some might argue that increasing healthcare funding just targets at providing for the aged , by looking at the bigger picture , one will see that an improved healthcare system provides for all .
By treating and preventing more diseases from arising before one gets old and detecting early symptoms of diseases , a person can be healthier especially .
It is well known that depression is more destructive than any sickness the aged will have , so having a fit mind is essential for having a fit body .
As recently mentioned in the media , Singapore will get a boost in funding for palliative care .
The new initiative by the Health Ministry means that the use of Medisave for home palliative care will be liberalised .
This has been done in view that the aged actually cherish the quality rather than the quantity of life . Such care is similar to that of hospice care in providing comfort rather than cure .
The revised funding will also not only include in-patient hospice care , but also cover home hospice care .
But despite the revision of spending in this area , the government must thread the issue with care as there are doubts over the sustainability of the provision of this free service .
Interestingly , aid for the aged for their psycho-social needs is still lacking .
In conclusion , it is noted that capping of public spending for the aged will provide more cash flow to other sectors , which will in turn reduce and tackle the problems faced now .
All three areas of education , healthcare and social policy are equally important whereas unnecessary funding to other sectors , like to the military , should be avoided or reduced .
" There is only a certain extent the government can increase its public spending on the aged , in particular in the area of .
Ultimately , prevention is still better than cure , so we need to solve the problem from its root .
It is a well-known fact that the global society is growing old and old .
Because of this , it is important to make a policy that will be able to support the elderly in their late life .
It is quite a pity to limit public spending on the elderly
However , if we limit public spending on the aged , the money can be diverted and used to develop the country in other areas , such as economy and education , which will eventually lead to more advantages for the country .
Nevertheless , if we limit the public spending on the elderly , the first one to suffer is the younger generation who have to take care of their parents .
They will have to spend more money for their parents while sometimes they may not even be able to fulfil their own needs .
Just imagine if the parents have cancer and they have to go through a surgical operation which will cost the younger generation thousands of dollars .
This will bring more burden on the young .
Besides , there are also parents who have children working overseas or even have no children , which may eventually lead them to leaning on no one except the government .
Therefore , if the government limits public spending on the aged , a lot of the young and elderly will suffer .
The first one is in the area of the economy .
By diverting the money to develop the economy , the government will be able to create more jobs so that it can reduce the unemployment rate as well as increase its Gross Domestic Product , which is the indicator of the economic health and standard of living in a country .
Besides this , Friedland ( 2005 ) suggests that " with sufficient economic growth there are more choices and fewer persons in need " .
Therefore , by diverting the money into the area of economy , we can prevent the elderly from depending on government help .
Based on statistics for the year 2008 in Singapore , 68.2 % of residents who are 55 years and above have only graduated from secondary school .
It is one of the reasons why the elderly earn less money and therefore need government help .
However , by diverting the money into the area of education , we can provide the young with education that will help them in their later life .
By providing them with good education , we can also prevent the same thing happening again .
Moreover , with a higher level of education , they will be able to learn how to invest well , which may eventually lead to higher earnings and which may also result in the increase in the Gross Domestic Product , which is good for their country .
In conclusion , even if the limitation on public spending for the elderly will result in more burden for the young and elderly , because of the long-term impact that it may have , such as more jobs , better education , and increase in Gross Domestic Product .
Moreover , it is better to try preventing things from happening rather than just try covering them up all the time .
Nowadays , the has become a real concern not only for the government but also for the public .
The vast increase in the aging population has led the economy to a lack of effective workers .
Furthermore , the elderly people , who are unable to continue earning and have little support from the young , seem to have many financial difficulties and have become a burden to society .
Having said this , the aging problem is worth considering but the government should not spend too much money on it while the effectiveness of recent solutions for the problem is still uncertain and the problem can be solved indirectly by the development of other areas of the country like the economy or education .
Some of the most well-known strategies for dealing with the aging population are extending the retiring age , lengthening and encouraging financial planning during economically active year .
These strategies ' point is that if people are given more opportunities to work , they may be able to save enough money for their retirement .
However , many real problems arising from the reality that make this strategy inappropriate .
Since the retirement age comes from much careful research on human health as well as ability to work , extending it irresponsibly may be harmful for the workers .
When more elderly people are employed , there will be less workplace for younger , more effective workers ; this is really a huge waste of human resources .
The second thing is that not everyone is able to make an effective financial plan during their economically active years .
It requires some basic financial knowledge which is difficult for the normal worker to know .
In spite of focusing only on the aged , diverting money into the economy can not only bring benefits to the country but also help solve the aging problem .
If the government invests more money in the economy like reducing tax for companies , allowing more foreign investments , , the concern for lack of effective labor among the aging population may be addressed .
In addition , a growing economy provides more sufficient funds to increase the pension and improve the welfare for elderly people .
Furthermore , when the economy is developed , salaries of workers will increase such that they will have more savings when they retire .
Spending money for the economy seems to be a wise choice for the government .
Improving education is also a way to develop countries and a solution to the aging problem .
With more money invested in education , the schools and universities will have more modern educational equipment , better teachers , and most importantly , reduce tuition fees so that more people can study and have better education .
As a result , with higher education , people will have more chances of earning higher salaries , thus increasing their savings for later needs .
When people are given some basic knowledge about managing money , they will be able to do financial planning , which will help them to use their money wisely and reduce waste
Furthermore , elderly people with better education tend to have more active , healthier lives than others and are not a burden to society .
For example , since elderly people have some knowledge about nutrition , they will have the ability to choose healthy food like vegetables , beans , and fish instead of high-cholesterol food like butter , sugar , and meat .
Good education is necessary not only for society but also for people who do not want to face financial difficulties when they retire .
In general , aging population is a global problem and needs to be solved as soon as possible but we have to consider the solutions carefully .
With the uncertainty of recent strategies for this problem , we should divert our money and effort into other areas which have more potential benefits .
The word aging has always been greatly feared by most in society .
The moment we become old , it implies that we are closer to the end of our lives .
We can hardly move as freely as the young , productivity is much lower and most of the time we are bedridden because of illnesses .
Life will be sheer torture instead of enjoyment .
The aging process , to me , means progressive steps to become old , the transition to illnesses , immobility and lack of money for retirement .
To prevent such situations from happening , research and development in science and medicine , innovative infrastructure projects and social policies have been constantly crafted to reduce the effect of these problems and make life of elderly so much easier and more comfortable .
Hence , I agree to a large extent that current research and development/policies have helped to ease the aging process .
The aged are weak and vulnerable against various diseases .
As one 's age increases , the body immune system deteriorates .
The ability to fight against germs and viruses becomes much less effective .
Doctors have better knowledge of the diseases .
With much improved equipment and tools , they are able to treat illnesses with much higher efficiency .
Through research and development , more effective medicines have been invented to cater to different types of problems .
Diseases , such as tuberculosis , which were deemed incurable in the past , can now be easily treated by the level of medical procedures .
These breakthroughs thus they can enjoy the of their lives healthier , happier and with less suffering .
As medical procedures get very advanced , the cost of medical treatments is too heavy a price to bear .
However , if money is spent from illness and ease pain and suffering , the lives of the elderly are still made more comfortable than before .
Hence , research and development in medical science has helped to ease the aging process .
As mobility decreases , daily major activities are greatly reduced too .
This significantly decreases the amount of entertainment an elderly person can enjoy .
For instance , in Singapore the elevators in older HDB flats can only stop at certain levels .
Residents who live on other levels will have to climb staircases from their home to the lift .
However , under the new development , elevators in the newly built HDB flats can stop at all levels , thus making it easier for senior citizens to go up and down the flats. .
Other than making the lift accessible to all levels , conscientious efforts have been done to further simplify the lives of the elderly .
Some elderly people can hardly walk up or down any stairs , thus ramps are paved out and hand railings are erected in parks to assist them walk around .
Owing to research and development in social infrastructure , the elderly are allowed to pursue leisure and entertainment .
As an aging population can be a big problem to many countries , several social policies are put in place to ensure the old have enough money after retirement .
In Singapore , for example , all working adults have to contribute about 14.5 % of their salary into a CPF account and their employers have to contribute 20 % .
All the money deposited into the CPF account will be invested by the government and in return , offer a 3 % annual compound interest to CPF contributors .
The lifestyles of elderly people are maintained with the help of CPF schemes .
Therefore , the aging process is eased by current social policies .
The research and development of medical science , improvements in social infrastructure and social policies have helped in ensuring good health among the elderly , building facilities to create convenience for them and establishing CPF schemes to make sure the elderly have sufficient money for their retirement .
When problems related to health , mobility and finance are solved , the elderly will be able to enjoy a much better improved lifestyle .
" It is true to say that with different improvements from different fields , we can face the challenges and solve the problems arising from aging population .
If these problems are not solved , the median age in many first-world countries will reach 51 by .
During the aging process , the elderly will face financial problems and may be abandoned by their children .
Although this problem is unlikely to be solved in the short run , many ways have been carried out to ease the aging process , particularly in social policy and science research .
Some people claimclaim that it is everyone 's responsibility to plan financially for old-age to reduce dependency on children However , for those who are physically disabled and suffering from illnesses , they do not have the ability to work and look after themselves .
This policy is used to encourage them to accumulate more wealth to support themselves during old age .
Hence , the effort of the Singapore government to improve returns on CPF Savings has buffered the impact of the aging problem .
The silver jobs fair , established to find jobs for people aged 60 and over , is part of a government effort in South Korea to assist a rapidly growing population of older Koreans .
Children often expect their parents to contribute to household chores when they move in and do not expect to be made responsible for their parents ' well-being. .
Therefore , most of them need to work and master new technologies in order to earn their living after retirement .
Though some that the elderly do not perform well in their work , this group of people can actually bring improvement to the sectors they are involved in through their own experiences .
Viewing from the healthcare perspective , researchers have also taken a big step toward discovering that human hearts can grow new cells .
It was previously thought that the human heart is unable to grow new cells after birth .
However , there is a study that can disprove it .
The scientists reported the evidence that new heart cells are made through one person 's life .
Now , it is possible to say that we can regenerate heart muscles after a heart attack .
In conclusion , the aging problem is a concern all over the world .
With the current policies and development in science study , aging process will be solved in the long run .
The challenge for the future is to ensure that people with different ages can continue to participate in society as citizens with full human rights .
Hence , I hope that the relationship between the generations can be nurtured and children will take the responsibility for taking care of their parents .
To a large extent , current research , developments and policies have helped ease the aging process a
A fast increasing aged population has been occurring all over the world .
As people age , their income drops but their medical expenses are actually increasing .
Hence , every research , development and policy that will help them to reduce their burden is important to them .
To a large extent , current research , developments and policies have helped to ease the aging process .
Medical expenses are most likely to be the burden of the aged population .
As humans age , metabolism rates and immunity will start to drop , and limbs and body organs such as kidneys , livers , and hearts will start to fail due to long years of usage .
To ensure that the aged population is able to pay large amount of medical expenses which could happen due to their old age , has set up a few policies to assist them .
For example , Medisave helps when they are younger to save money for their future medical expenses . It allows more people to be able buy affordable insurance since its premium can be deducted from their Medisave accounts , while Central Provident Funds allow people to be less worried about their silver age expenses , include medical expenses .
Although some people might think that the government forces them to contribute part of their income to CPF , they fail to realize that this can be good as it prevents them from squandering it on other less important merchandise .
Therefore , when they age , they will not be very dependent on the government , which thus can divert funds into other important development plans .
Other than the expenses , science and medical discovery is one of most important factors that will help ease the aging process .
Since the increase in awareness of balanced diet , people have been consuming less salt , sugar or high fat food , thus reducing the chances suffering from chronic diseases like hypertension , diabetes , or cardiovascular diseases .
Although statistics have shown that people have become more vulnerable to these kinds of diseases , their chance of survival has been increasing as medical technology becomes more advanced .
In addition , medicines used to counter hypertension and diabetes have been popular .
Thus , these enable hypertension and diabetis patients to work and live normally after taking medicine .
What will happen if older people need these medicines but these medicines are not affordable to them ?
The medisave and medishield they bought will help them pay for their expenses ; although not fully , it would still significantly .
Architectural improvement has also linked aged people both with and without disability to be able to travel by themselves .
For instance , the SMRT company has installed lifts at every MRT station and provided bus services that are able to carry wheelchair users .
With these little extra efforts provided by the company , it would be more convenient for the aged people to ride MRT or public bus .
A decade ago , most Singapore HDB apartment lifts are not accessible on every floor , thus it was very inconvenient for older people as they still to take the stairs which might have imposed more danger to them .
Seeing this problem , the government decided to upgrade the lift systems , so most HDB apartment lifts are accessible on every floor now .
The cost of this architectural improvement required a large amount of funds , but what drove SMRT , SBS Transit and the government to spend much money on these upgrades even though these may not have affected profits ?
It was because may have seen future benefits from these upgrades as the improvements would not only benefit aged or disabled people , but they would also reduce people 's travel time thus increasing their productivity .
Hence , we find that government policies have helped people to be more able to meet their medical expenses , science discovery has helped improved aged people 's health conditions , and architectural improvement has made aged people 's life easier .
Combining all points mentioned above , we can conclude that current research , developments and policies have not only been helping ease the aging process but also have brought a lot of other benefits as well .
By the year 2030 , one in five people in Singapore will have aged 65 and above .
If there is a limit to the budget meant for the elderly , the quality of life that the government provides for the elderly will be affected .
Lack of family support , unemployment due to low education level , and social and political impact on the country are some of the factors why public spending on the aged should not be limited .
It should instead be increased gradually over the years .
Many of the young adults are leaving Singapore because of the stifling atmosphere of the country and the political and intellectual lockstep enforced by the government .
Some are also attracted by job offers overseas .
With these young adults leaving the country , the elderly are the ones who suffer because they are left alone and most of the time , their children do not have the intention of coming back .
Tribunal cases of elderly demanding financial assistance from their children in Singapore have increased over the years .
Although the government is studying the best way to use the Maintenance of Parents Act to get such children to fulfill their filial duty , they should also set aside a bigger budget each year as a cushion in case the children themselves have difficulty financing their own families .
Most of the elderly do not have proper education that is needed in today 's society in order to make ends meet .
With age catching up with time , their productivity decreases and eventually companies hire new employees to replace them .
If the government were to limit spending on them , they will face many potential problems such as unemployment or retrenchment , which will have a spillover effect on their children supporting them financially .
However , some companies do retain their older workers because of loyalty but if there is a crisis , they will still be the first ones to get laid off .
The government has done well in giving doleouts to the elderly but this could only satisfy a percentage of the elderly population .
Our population is aging and by spending more on the aged , people can be assured that when they grow old , the government will be there to support them .
On the other hand , if there is a limit on spending on the aged , people might tend towards individualism .
This will over time cause them to be more focused on their individual interests without taking the interests of society into consideration .
Moreover , besides the social impact on the country , political impact will be another factor to take into consideration .
According to Singapore statistics , the percentage of the elderly in Singapore is 8.7 % of the entire population and this number is increasing slowly every year .
Singapore has done well over the years in implementing projects helping the poor and consequently , it has gained the trust and support of the citizens .
It is therefore crucial to maintain or improve its image through .
In summary , having a limit to the budget will have long-term implications for the country 's and growth .
The government should gradually increase the budget for the elderly every year alongside its economic growth .
Instead of treating the elderly in society as a burden , the government should think of ways to harness their knowledge and experience so that they can contribute back more to society .
In the recent years , along with the decline in birth rates , the proportion of the aged in our population has also increased .
This has led to a major problem of our time , known as ageing population .
Governments around the world have been actively seeking measures to cope with the problem , one of which is to increase public spending on the aged .
Even though public spending on the elderly is essential in dealing with an ageing population , it should be limited because of underlying negative implications .
Instead , more expenditure should go towards other forms of development .
Though some may agree that public spending on the aged largely aids society in coping with the needs of an ageing population , it may also hinder the development of other sectors .
With greater expenditure on helping the aged , the country will have less funds for development in other areas such as infrastructure .
Therefore , with inadequate input into these areas , the development of the latter will be neglected .
As such areas are the key pillars of a country 's development , any slowdown in these areas will affect the country 's regional competitiveness .
EU , for instance , has been dealing with an ageing population .
It has been predicted that the region 's growth rate will be reduced by half in the near future as a result of over public spending on the aged .
[ 1 ] Hence , its impact on the economy is negative , .
Therefore , since expenditure on the aged puts the country 's growth at risk , it should be limited .
Though many may claim that the bulk of the amount needed to support the aged should come from the government which has the greatest financial power to support them , this public spending should be limited .
If large expenditures were to be dedicated to helping the elderly , the children may rely too heavily on the government to support their aged family members instead of both parties playing a part in sharing the burden of supporting them .
In Singapore , for instance , the government is not the sole party that is responsible for supporting the ageing population .
The government only contributes through distribution of subsidies to help the aged while their children carry the responsibility of supporting them .
Therefore , to prevent overdependence on the government , public spending should be limited and be diverted to other areas for better use .
Some may argue that limited public spending may not be ideal .
In the event that the government 's expenditure on the aged is restricted while the number of elderly is surging , the needs of the elderly may not be completely attended to .
This is because since the aged 's basic needs are not attended to , they have to work in order to fulfill them .
Hence , since the workforce is the main sector that drives the economy , an ageing workforce which is inefficient will slow down economic growth and hinder the country 's progress .
Currently , many governments have implemented measures which enforce compulsory savings for old age , such as the Singapore government which implementa Medisave .
Hence , even though public expenditures on the aged were to be limited , people still have savings which , when combined with government aid , are more than sufficient to meet their needs .
However , apart from coping with the latter , countries must not neglect other parts of development which are crucial to these countries as well .
Therefore , it is advisable for public expenditure on the aged to be limited so that no other sectors are sacrificed .
The number of aging people , also known as the gray population , is increasing rapidly nowadays .
A growing gray population means more things to be sacrificed sacrificed-- one of them is public money that is spent to fund the aged , usually known as public spending for the aged .
In Indonesia , the budget does not specify whether the government can spend much money on them without any limitation .
We can see it from evidence that is present , such as the currency of Indonesian rupiah which is very weak compared to other currencies .
Therefore , we can say that limitation on spending for the aged is a good idea since in Indonesia , there are still many areas that are not well developed yet , especially in the economic area .
Public spending on the aged covers many aspects of their life , starting from healthcare to their accommodation .
The fact is that according to Asian culture , they still have a family who should support them for those kinds of things and the government does not need to spend much money on them
There are also many old folks ' homes in Indonesia which have permanent benefactors
The government also should make a clear policy regarding public spending on the aged which states how much money or what is the percentage from public income that should be spent to support the aged .
It is still very sensitive to any changes , whether it is from Indonesia itself or from the world .
There are many weaknesses in Indonesia 's economy , such as the climate of investment which is still unstable .
We can infer that from big uncertainties in many obligations .
Besides that , there are many problems that make Indonesia 's economy not competitive . They are laboring problems and other structural problems such as corruption , which is still rampant .
Indonesia 's government finds it hard to fight corruption since it has been in Indonesians ' mentality from a long time ago .
Nepotism is also a big problem in Indonesia and this is also very tough to fight .
In the banking sector , we also can see many weaknesses , e.g .
the lack of manpower , in which the Bank of Indonesia keeps fixing .
From the examples I have given , we can say that there are so many areas in Indonesia 's economy that needs fixing
Thirdly , limitation on public spending for the aged is not as bad as it seems .
Then , the government uses the rest of the Nett National Product to improve Indonesia 's economy .
After one year , due to economic improvement , Indonesia 's Nett National Product rose to 20 billion per month .
This example shows that spending on the aged will be raised together with the raising of Nett National Product which is earned from the improvement of the economic sector in Indonesia .
To sum up , the government of Indonesia should limit its spending on the aged and improve other areas of the country , especially the economic area .
In fact , limitation on it does not always mean a bad effect .
We can use percentage system for the policy on it which means that the amount of spending for the aged will rise together with the improvement of the economic sector .
In the case of Australia , government spending on health rose by $ 6.1 billion or $ 267 per person from 2003 to 2004 .
Increased health care spending results in a smaller ratio of the government 's spending on other areas like infrastructure and defence leading to economic impacts .
Public spending may not be appealing because there are no advantages and immediate benefits received from spending on the aged as compared to using these resources to invest in the economy , defence or infrastructure .
Individuals do not see the benefit in investing in an aged population as they tend to associate it with having a high opportunity cost .
However , it may not be true because the repercussion of not spending on the aged will be even greater in the long run .
If we were to deprive our aged population of the basic amenities and equipment , what kind of image of the country does it portray to its foreign investors and even its own countrymen ?
Her own countrymen might feel that they are not able to depend on the government for help and support in their golden age . Hence , this may lead to the possibility of an outflow of her people .
To some individuals , the aged are outdated and relatively less productive as compared to the younger generation because they are not as well aware of the latest technological advancements nor as agile as the young .
Individuals do not see the value in retaining these older workers in the workforce .
In the case of Singapore , her government is cognizant that these elder workers are assets . With effect from 1 January 1999 , the minimum retirement age has been raised from 60 to 62 years .
In addition , the government encourages active participation of the aged in the workforce by offering free training to these workers .
This will promote active ageing .
Therefore , encouraging the older workforce to go for retraining retraining will increase the productivity of these workers and hence their employability .
For many years , opponents to such plans believed that the European style of welfare states were the perfect models , where healthcare should be accessible to everyone and that care should be delivered to the aged without them having to pay for it .
They argue that the aged needs the best possible care in their sunset years .
Stanford Center on Longevity ( 2008 ) . But , the global upward trend in growing elderly population and a shrinking younger workforce coupled with low birthrates has turned against such a model .
Furthermore , excessive spending on the aged can hinder a country 's growth , which demands equal attention .
Firstly , advocates of limiting public spending on the aged argue that optimal and prudent spending is the solution so that it is able to sustain the current and future aged .
For instance , the United States ihas currently the largest spending on healthcare as per percentage of Gross Domestic Product ( GDP ) .
California Healthcare Foundation ( 2008 ) Yet , there is little evidence that the American system is superior .
In comparison , many nations are achieving higher life expectancy rates with significantly lower public spending .
If the public spending on the aged is not brought under control , the government will have to raise taxes to sustain its coffers which can irk its citizens and result in exodus of businesses if labor costs increase .
Secondly , for a country to prosper , it has to invest on its youths through education , which will boost literacy .
Illiteracy often limits the economical growth of a nation where knowledge intensive industries are highly valued .
Thirdly , national defence is vital for a country 's security and ability to defend itself against potential aggressors .
In terms of internal threats , defence spending can boost a country 's resources in time to deal with natural disasters while external threats can be in the form of the need to protect the freedom of the country .
This makes defence spending equally important in the context of eeconomic progress .
The government 's coffer is not a ceaseless goldmine and if public spending for the aged is not brought under control , it will eventually run out , which in turn will affect future generations when they become the aged .
There has always been on-going research , development or policies to help the easing of the process of aging .
There are three reasons which will be elaborated in the following paragraphs .
Firstly , mobility for the elderly has been improved .
This code contains restrictions and regulations which engineers and architects have to comply with make the built environment accessible-friendly for the elderly .
For example , the authority ensures the installation of lifts at every storey of Housing Development Board ( HDB ) flats and Mass Rapid Transportation ( MRT ) stations , as well as ramps at all entrances of buildings .
They had commented on one shortcoming that there are still a large number of buildings which are still not fully-accessible .
With regard to this , the BCA has already stepped introduced the plan by applying another 5-year plan , known as the Barrier-Free Accessibility ( BFA ) Upgrading Program ( 2007-2011 ) to make sure that all buildings will be equipped with barrier-free improvements .
Furthermore , BCA has also set-up a $ 40 million Accessibility Fund for private buildings to be transformed into barrier-free buildings .
In addition , lifts and ramps are currently being built at older MRT stations such as Queenstown MRT station to help the elderly to travel from ground level to ticket gantries more easily .
The news articles have also been reportedly quoting that the government hopes to reduce the impacts of an aging population by extending working lives .
This program will enable the elderly to upscale their skills so that they can be retained in employment by their employers ( Singapore Workforce Development Agency , 2009 ) .
Another initiative is the Lifelong Income For the Elderly under the Central Provident Funds Scheme ( CFP LIFE ) , whereby there is a fixed amount of income for an elderly who is aged 65 years and above .
This will then ensure financial protection for the elderly when they reach the age ( Prime Minister 's Office , 2009 ) .
However , people often question the effectiveness of these initiatives .
They may have doubts whether the fund is enough to enable a high percentage of elderly to work longer or can the companies cope with re-employment of older workers ?
With regard to this , the Prime Minister of Singapore , Mr. Lee Hsien Loong , had has reassured the public that the government will continue to revise the initiatives to make sure that the elderly can work longer with ease .
With regard to the ability of the companies to cope with re-employment of older workers , the government has introduced another program know as the ADVANTAGE !
Scheme Scheme , which offers grants up to $ 400,000 to companies who are interested to re- employ older workers ( NTUC NeXus , 2006 ) .
As such , with these initiatives , the public should rest assured that the minimum of initiatives will be carried out to guarantee that the elderly can extend their working lives with least problems .
This will appeal to people who do not like the signs of aging to be displayed on their body .
Thus , there are increasing numbers of people who are resorting to these procedures as they rebut that they can age with more grace by doing so .
On the other hand , people criticized the negative impacts of such procedures and the attitude of people who engaged in such procedures .
They emphasize the side effects such as the addiction to Botox injections and they often think otherwise of the attitude of this group of elderly .
However , as a matter of fact , any medical procedures will carry a certain number of risks .
Therefore it is up to the weighing of risk the individual wants to take .
It should be left to the individuals to decide whether they want to take such risks
This is actually up to how the individual want to age and their way of dealing with the process of aging .
This is as long as they have fully considered the negative impacts of such procedures and agreed to accept them without condition .
As an outsider , we should keep an objective outlook on this issue and not impede them from what they deem is the best for themselves .
We should only focus on the stand that these medical innovations do help those who want to age in the way they define themselves .
Despite the fact that we do not know the exact measurements of how well these developments have helped the elderly , it is clear these developments are done to make sure our aging population can be well taken care of .
Furthermore , the most important thing here is that we can help everyone to age with ease , grace and happiness so that there will be less aging issues to be addressed .
Further emphasis by governments with regard to public architecture has also made aging easier .
This could not have been timelier . A study done by the United Nations in 2000 states that by 2010 , all developed countries would have an increase in percentage of senior citizens as a whole .
This can be attributed to greater awareness by technological companies of the needs of an elderly individual , thus attributing greater emphasis to this field of research .
Previously , a person in a wheelchair would require another for assistance .
However , over the past decade , improvements in the electronic wheelchair have made it significantly lighter and the battery is able to last longer .
As the field of medicine rapidly progresses , many illnesses and ailments previously difficult to treat treat have now been reduced to mere inconveniences .
On the treatment front , improvements in pin-hole surgery have greatly minimized the trauma to the patient , leading to shorted recovery time .
With such leaps in the field of medicine , health problems associated with aging no longer are such big issues as before , allowing people to have greater quality of life in their twilight years .
Social policies , especially with regard to the country 's architecture , implemented by the government will have significant effects on the respective country 's aging population .
Rather , they taper the ends of the walkways into slopes with a non-slip coating on them .
This is an example of how social policies with regard to architecture can make life easier for the elderly .
Expenditure on health , education , infrastructure , industrial and social amenities are examples of government public spending .
Today , the government emphasizes more on the aged and spends a large sum of money to assist them .
The government should increase education spending in order to nurture people to create a brighter future for the society .
Dr Bill Harrison stated that education is the key to a better future for our children .
Children who are well-educated will have more opportunity to contribute to society .
Besides that , professionals should be given more incentives to further their studies .
The government should raise the salary for professionals as a way to motivate them .
Moreover , reconsidering the education cost can initially give the poor some opportunity to have education in rural areas . Thus , this will definitely benefit society .
According to Wikipedia , statistic shows that 19.6 % from the resident non-students aged 15 years and above had no qualification in education in the year 2000 .
Furthermore , infrastructure development requires a higher percentage of spending compared to spending on the aged because infrastructure plays an important role in ameliorating the standard of living of a country .
Singapore transportation consists of Mass Rapid Transit ( MRT ) , Singapore Changi Airport and others .
The government should spend more on transportation by providing more facilities for the disabled and poor .
More recycle bins or " Saving the Earth " events should be carried out by the government .
Furthermore , renewable energy usage such as solar energy , wind energy and water energy should be used more frequently in order to reduce the usage of nonrenewable resources .
Hence , the government should pay more attention to saving natural resources .
Another significant area is industrialization .
Industrialization can be a core concern of a country as it is the second largest sector in most countries .
Wikipedia claims that intensive farming is an { agricultural } [ HYPERLINK : http : //en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Agricultural ] production system characterized by the high { inputs } [ HYPERLINK : http : //en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Input ] of { capital } [ HYPERLINK : http : //en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Capital_ ( economics ) ] ,labor , or heavy usage of technologies such as { pesticides } [ HYPERLINK : http : //en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Pesticides ] and pesticides { fertilizers } [ HYPERLINK : http : //en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fertilizers ] relative to land area .
Moreover , the manufacturing industry also needs attention from the government since manufacturing is satisfying the citizens .
Manufacturing factories create many products and sells them to consumers according to their demand in the market .
In addition , the construction industry is momentous as it will determine how a country will be developed .
As we can see today , there is construction everywhere in Singapore and this proves that Singapore is advancing at a quick pace .
Singapore 's building and construction industry account for about 4 % ofgross domestic product and S $ 27 and S $ 32 billion construction demand estimated for the sector in 2008 , according to John Keung , CEO of the Building and Construction Authority ( BCA ) of Singapore .
However , each sector should have priority depending on its level of importance .
The government should think wisely and choose the sector which has more privileges .
Therefore , The government should not focus too much of their spending on the aged .
For example , in Singapore , the Ministry of Community Development , Youth and Sports , often works closely with voluntary welfare organisations to provide community-based programmes and residential care for the aged .
Britain introduced a compulsory pension scheme in 2006 where the employees have to contribute 4 percent of their monthly pay while their employers have to contribute 3 percent .
From a recent article from The Straits Times , some " Singaporeans were using the recession as an excuse to avoid paying their parents ' nursing home bills " , even though some looked like they could very well afford it ( Reference needed )
Governments should therefore set aside more funds to support the aged and provide more facilities for them .
This is however , only a short-term solution to the problem of an ageing population .
When talking about the most striking features of aging we can not forget the progress of science and its effects on almost every aspect of human life .
In my opinion , the contribution of current research and technology is very important in easing the aging process .
For some people , science brings more harm than good .
The rapid tempo of modern life also results in wide spread nervous disorders .
Moreover , our machine civilization is also responsible for numerous accidents and serious injuries for many people , which cause a lot of difficulties in their old age .
The human aging process has accelerated in recent years .
With advancements in healthcare service and medicine , along with a better understanding of the aging process , life expectancy for humans has kept increasing .
The unceasing experiments and research have led to numerous discoveries which explain the reasons for aging as well as the ways of slowing down this process and the key factors to keep the gray hair away .
For example , a healthy diet with enough vitamins , minerals and other necessary nutrition , together with regular exercise and a healthy lifestyle will help humans live longer and maintain their prime of youth .
Moreover , the appearance of many technology appliances like computers , machines and transportation means also increase productivity and lessen workload , which create more time to relax and enjoy life .
Old age always comes up with many unpleasant problems and diseases , both physical and mental .
In most of cases , scientists discovered medicine and the cure as soon as they discovered the causes of certain diseases .
In addition to that , the work of medical scientists also reduced pain to a great extent .
In the past , operations were performed on individuals in a very crude manner .
Today , however , many surgical operations can be done with a small incision and without any pain by application of endoscopic technology .
Furthermore , the support of many convenient devices also provides the old a better preparation to face old age .
As we can see , wheelchairs , audiphones , glasses... have contributed a lot towards assisting the old people in their life .
Together with these , the installation of lifts , user friendly machines and free barrier transportation systems everywhere are also the key for senior residents ' access to a better life .
Moreover , the electrical devices in our daily life these days such as computers , televisions , washing machines... also make life more convenient , pleasant and comfortable for the aged .
They not only save their manual labour but more importantly , make friends and are entertained
From all of these above arguments , we can conclude that government can use science and technology as an effective way to ease the aging process .
This is a good solution to cope with the increasing aging population , one of the current difficult global problems .
It not only helps slow down the aging process but also facilitates acceptance of old age .
Again , , we must thank science for giving us a better life .
Public spending on the aged is the expenditure by the government covering health , infrastructure and projects aimed at improving the lives of the elderly .
The other areas of a country 's development include investing in education , military , economy and infrastructure .
Funding for the aged is necessary as there is a growing trend in the ageing population but more importantly resources should be allocated away from just the aged itself to other aspects of the country 's development that will indirectly aid the ageing population .
In Singapore , courses such as professional IT
The individual must be made to be accountable for his or her own health and not rely totally on the public spending by the government .
In addition , the costs for medical care should be subsidised as some treatments can really be expensive and most of the people will not be able to afford them .
Without immediate actions from both the government and the society , it might create problems for the country and the elderly themselves in the future .
Singapore 's economy might be in danger due to lack of productivity , and the elderly might find difficulty in coping with the aging process .
Realizing this impending danger , the government has been taking some new directions in economic and social policies.To a large extent , current research and policies have helped to ease aging process .
The Re-employment Law will take effect in 2012 .
Realizing this challenge , the government has encouraged companies which are willing to apply the new policy before 2012 by giving grants to companies and preparing the older worker to be more productive by giving workshops and courses .
In social policy , the government has tried to improve the awareness among the young generation to care more about the elderly .
In this forum , the young generation is expected to spend more time and be more understanding towards the elderly.The government also encouraged the elderly to lead a healhty lifesyle , such as not smoking , consuming a healthy diet , and exercising regularly .
A healthy body is important because when the eldery are healthy , they will not feel useless or abandoned .
Since everything provided by the government is considered as a right of people , the more the subsidies for the elderly , the more demand will be created .
Hence , there is a worry that the government will neglect the subsidies to other important sectors , such as education and defence.However , People should not worry about this because increasing subsidies for the elderly can increase the new opportunity for the young generation .
It will also stimulate the young generation to create new products to ease the aging process .
The existence of the new policies for helping the elderly in many fields , such as economy , social , and technology , shows that both the government and society care about the elderly .
In the long run , Singapore can still keep its global competitiveness level even though it has a big portion of aging population .
The golden generation itself will be happier since they will not feel useless or abandoned .
The governments should stress the importance of filial piety to deal with the current situation and plan well ahead to pave the path for the future generations in order to minimize the impact of aging population which can be done by investing in certain areas in the country 's development .
Unlike in the Asian countries , this culture is not very prominent in the western countries . The governments should encourage its citizens to take up the responsibility that is looking after their aged parents .
This is important as the problem faced by most of the aged population is the incapability to cope with the high medical costs when illnesses such as strokes or heart diseases strike .
The respective governments must take into consideration that within the aged population there are people who are childless , single or even deserted by their own children .
In conclusion , public spending on the aged population should be limited but not to such a large extent that it deprives those who are really in need of assistance from getting aids .
Also , filial piety should be heavily emphasized by the government bodies concurrently with the implementation of limiting the budget on aged population .
The implications that come with changes tend to be too much for most governments to handle ; yet only through changes will the possibilities of a better future emerge .
Therefore , with great foresight and careful planning , the governments could better prepare themselves for the up surging numbers of aging population by implementing the right policies and investing in the areas of the country 's development that will benefit both the aged population and the general society .
Aging issues have gained substantial attention from the public recently .
Some people argue that limiting public pensions for the aged will bring detrimental effects to their life .
However , limiting public pension does not equal to removing it .
Increase in public spending may not solve the problems thoroughly unless we utilise the funds in appropriate ways .
We still have room to improve our current welfare system .
If we can modify our system to be more efficient and effective without much increase in the governments ' financial budget , we are able to make room for better use of public funds in other important aspects to aid our economic development .
This will in turn bring back more funds for the aged in the future .
As mentioned above , the country 's development will determine its future financial capacity to solve various social problems including aging .
Instead , the society is able to afford this growing aging population only when we can ensure that the growth rate of our economy is able to match that of the aging population .
Thus , economic development is a critical indicator of our capability to deal with the aging problem in the future .
Governments have wasted significant amount of public pensions on the aged due to inaccurate estimations and inefficient use of funds .
Firstly , they failed to recognise the fact that the daily living expenses of the elderly would be less than that of an ordinary working person and established the retirement benefits system according to the average personal monthly spending of the working force .
We also need to note that it is important not just to cut the budget but also come out with a detailed alternative plan to support the aged .
Careful management of current expenses along with an expanding economy will be our only feasible cure to aging problems .
Countries like Singapore , recognizing its potential , allowed stem cell research laboratories to be opened despite its controversy in moral values and religion .
An online article by New York Times suggested the reason Singapore did so was that it hopes in return , such laboratories will diversify its economy and add on to its research-intensive sector that will improve economic growth .
These laboratories also manufacture their products locally which can be distributed and used to improve the overall country 's health at a low cost .
Diverting money to such areas proves to provide benefits in both contribution to the economy and aiding in the health where the aged ones are concerned .
Secondly , by limiting the public spending on the aged , the healthcare system with regards to the aged problem will thus have to be changed . This can be viewed as a benefit as the system will be changed to minimize the effect on the country 's economy and the risk of a failed healthcare system .
In other words , if a country were to continue with their current system and not consider the foreseeable problem , too much focus and money will be used in an attempt to resolve the aged problem .
Thus , it is essential that countries start reviewing and new changes where necessary .For instance , one step Singapore has taken is restructuring her healthcare system where elderly patients are treated in an acute hospital followed by recuperation in a community hospital .
In addition there will be a minimization of a risk of failing healthcare system as there is enough time to make changes and gradually adapt to them .
However , there is a risk involved in limiting spending on the aged .
Many citizens especially the elderly of a country will feel that the country is not concerned for their current and future health , therefore losing confidence in the government .
Although the democrats are still at its proposal stage , the elderly are already starting to express their concerns for their current needs , together with younger citizens worried over their future healthcare .
It is crucial that countries come up with solutions that attempt to deal with this in a long term manner .
However , it is also time for these citizens to change their short term perceptions and start evaluating the possible long term problems if such measures are not taken .
Therefore , with good strategic planning by the country and the understanding of its citizens , limiting spending on the aged and diverting money to other areas of the country 's development , is feasible .
The current architecture improvement and research and development on technological products for the elderly have helped them to overcome the difficulty they face when their physical health deteriorates .
Thus , providing them an easier life at old age .
However , there is still an increase in the number of elderly suicide cases despite much psychological help from social groups such as The Singapore Action Group for Elderly and many others .
From the statistics above , it has shown that the current research and development or policies may not be successful in helping the elderly to cope with the aging process such as becoming physically disabled or feeling less worthy in the society due to loss of working ability .
Hence , the elderly become depressed over the problems they face in the aging process which leads them to commit sucide .
Although there is an increase in the number of elderly committing suicide , it is only a small number of elderly committing suicide in Singapore which represents less than a percent of the total aging population .
Currently , there have been many upgrading projects carried out in the older estates where the population consists of mainly elderly .
In these upgrading projects , there are lifts upgrading to make the lift stop at every floor of the block and paths made even with gentle slopes around the estate .
These improvements in the infrasuture of the older estates make the estates more accessible for the elderly .
This is because in the aging process of the elderly , physical health deterioration is one of the problems they face .
They usually have diffculty travelling around their estate as many of them may have problems climbing stairs and walking on uneven roads .
Some of the elderly are also wheel chair bound which adds on to the diffculty to travel .
Thus , with the lifts upgade and even paths , they can take the lifts just outside their doors and move around the estate with no constraint due to unaccessible paths .
This help to solve the problem they face during their aging process , allowing them to travel and socialise without being bound by physical restriction .
As the aging population continues to grow , there are many business opportunities in the aging population market .
Many have entered the elderly products market to supply goods and services that suit the growing numbers of elderly .
It is a very simple-to-use cell phone with large key pads and SOS button .
These functions help those elderly whose eyesight has usually failed and are not able to catch up with the techological advancement to be able to use a cell phone .
The SOS button also allows the elderly who are usually more vulnerable to ask for help when they are in danger .
This shows that the current research and development has helped to overcome some of the problems the againg population may face in the aging process like failing eyesight and lack of technological knowledge .
Thus , easing their aging process and allowing them to lead a normal life .
The elderly in Singapore are enjoying a better quality of life under the current research and development or policies for them .
The current research and development in technological products and architectural improvement have helped the elderly to cope with the diffculties they may face at old age .
Thus , this eases their aging process through providing them a more comfortable and easier life compared to the past when there was no such research and development or policies available .
This equipment encourages the golden generation who spend most of their time on the bed or chair to move around with the controls provided eventually brightening up their lives .
Besides , entrusting an elderly who is not well-versed with technology with such contraptions might be dangerous should accidents happen .
Even so , Medicare has been giving assistance to elderly who need wheelchairs as long as the elderly provides a written prescription from the doctor stating the need for having such wheelchair .
According to the Oxford University Press University Press ( 2007 ) most elderly feel satisfied with the use of wheelchairs and even use it for shopping , visiting parks and socialising which proves that it is safe .
Furthermore , a better transportation link means more money needs to be allocated by the government to this sector .
Well , improvement on the transportation not only helps the elderly , it also encourages the public to use the public transport which reduces pollution as well as traffic jams and older people are wiser in the sense that they are more experienced compared to the na ï ve and impatient younger generation .
Nowadays , balancing public spending is a big concern to most of governments since they need to carefully evaluate the most suitable spending areas for short and long-term plans .
Failure to make decisions in government budget will affect whole countries ' systems including their economy... , education , or environment , etc .
This essay argues that public spending on the aged , one of the most major categories that have recently invested in , should be limited for developing other countries ' important areas , promoting their sustainable growths , and forming people 's responsibilities .
According to World Midyear Population by Age and Sex of US Census Bureau , the population aged above 60 will rise from 20.38 % in 2009 to 21.97 % in 2020 , which means more governments ' are spending on pensions and healthcare .
When the aged public spending has increased to a considerable proportion , governments will find it difficult to keep pace with the advances in technologies , commerce , and education , etc. For instance , a recent Singapore government list in 2008 shows that pensions have been accounted for $ 912 billion that has been equal to 17.8 % in total expense .
This has many problems no full-stop
Secondly , what I want to emphasize is that the governments should only limit the public expense , which does not mean that they totally abandon the aged .
There are still activities carried out to help the elderly such as providing free travel on public transportation in cities or subsidizing old people 's homes , etc .
Opponents of this position argue that the elderly should be paid attention with more and more subsidies because they are the predecessors with a lot of commitment to societies .
Then the countries will be stronger and stronger , supporting the aged with large amount of money .
We agree with Chan ( 2009 ) , who concluded : " ... " .
Nevertheless , it is a critical and ultimate path to their full development .
" Aging populations imply there are pressures on fewer young workers in the workforce who have to support increasing old populations .
Obviously , aging population refers to one of the most difficult challenges that policy makers worldwide are facing currently - how to fund the elderly in the society .
Although there are contradictory opinions related to this topic , more and more people agree that public spending on the aged should be limited based on arguments that other areas such as education need more public financial resources , other social security welfare systems have proven to achieve reasonable successes and old people still can possess independent lifestyles .
However , many studies have shown the opposite
A study undertaken in Spain ( 2000 ) claimed that the rising allocation from limited public budget to the elderly is expected to threaten commitments to other deserving groups , especially children .
To add more warning signals , a study done in the U.S. ( 2004 ) indicated that the " spending gap between children and elders increased by twenty percent despite the fact the U.S. poverty rates among children have consistently exceeded those for the elderly , and that in absolute numbers , three times as many children live in poverty , compared to elders " .
It is no doubt that future prosperity is likely to be negatively affected because of the lack of investment in education , nutrition and other aspects for young generations .
As a result , the national aggregate surplus is offset by the public expenditures on the elderly , which leads to the overall effect of reducing potential growth rate and burdening developments .
In other words , the final result would have harmful impacts on overall social welfare rather than contributions as being claimed .
It works with the logic of letting children take care of their own parents , which is considerably effective under Asian cultures and contexts .
Thus , there is no denying the fact that the good performance in Singapore is a convincing illustration for limiting public expenses on the elderly and investing in other fields such as education and research .
In other words , the majority of old populations can live independently .
Moreover , they are capable of obtaining a healthy lifestyle via doing exercises and maintaining proper nutrition plans .
By doing that , the remaining public fund would be used more efficiently and effectively in other investment and reinforcement activities and the country would benefit subsequently .
However , specific adjustments need to be made to specific countries
The median age has significantly increased from 24 years since 1980 , and predicted to reach 54 years within the next 40 years , similar to that of Japan and Italy now .
( Singapore Department of Statistics , 1999 , Lee , 2009 ) There will be increased burden on the working adult population to provide for the aged dependents , be it healthcare or finances .
However it also emphasizes a greater need to be financially independent and helps create more elderly involvement in the society which contributes to the economy .
Thirdly , foreign talent policy , of which the government embraces , also plays an important role in easing the aging process .
According to Administration of Aging ( AoA ) in America , the figure of the older population which refers to persons 65 years or older is 37.3 million in 2006 ( the latest year for which data is available ) and this statistics is anticipated to grow more than double by the year 2030.Concern about aged has surfaced with such dramatic force and recognition by so many nations .
Limiting the public spending on the aged may impose a financial burden on the future generations simultaneously as the main resource for financial support of elderly is family .
on the other hand , Peterson ( 2001 ) had suggested that societies with weak extended families high elder poverty and quick-rising of long term care costs should learn from Japan where most elderly people still live with their adult children .
Filial obligation and willingness of grown children to take care of their aged parents are needed indeed .
However , adults nowadays are stressed enough when facing the competitive dynamic world and high living expenses .
Aged people may be unable to seek medical assistance when they suffer from sickness such as heart attack , high blood pressure and etc .
The elderly who collect old newspaper and soft drink cans along the street can be seen frequently .
Peterson ( 2001 ) suggests that people should be encouraged to plan for their old age by saving and investing part of their income earned in their young working life .
For example , Singapore 's main retirement 's scheme , the Central Provident Fund system , is one of the way of funded retirement saving .
In the other hand , there are many more important areas to develop in an country include investment , education , basic infrastructure , political issues and so on .
However , a country should be established based on moral ethics .
Since most of the young will be old someday , today 's children will in time receive the benefits granted to today 's elderly , as long as current commitments remain in place .
aging issues are complex and inevitable but not insurmountable .
As the aging problems are getting serious nowadays , it should not be neglected by the society but to face the problem that the elderly may suffer financial hardships in their golden age after they have retired .
On the other hand a huge amount of stress which may cause high blood pressure , heart disease and cancer will affect both their emotional and physical health and reduces their ability to live to the full .
In fact , it is very hard to be ensured that the money saved by the elderly for the future needs will definitely be sufficient as there are lot of large unexpected expenditure such as medical fees .
Besides that , if the public spending on the aged is limited it may drastically increase the burden of future generations as they have to undertake so many responsibilities with limited income .
The burden of responsibility of taking care of their aged parents , taking care of their children , rising cost of living and at the same time worrying about job security makes the future generations live so stressful every day in life in competitive society .
However , their spirit of creating a better world for future generations can not be measured by money and unfortunately if they suffer financial hardship we should help them genuinely as they are our pioneers of the country 's 's development .
Aging population has become the topic for a lot of discussion .
This essay also wants to argue that public spending on the aged should be limited so that money can be diverted to other areas of the country 's development because there are strategies that government can supplement to reduce that burden , and the money invested in other areas could be a big support to society .
First of all , do the aged as a real " social problem " ?
The aged will not be viewed as a " social problem " once it is believed that most of the aged are independent .
However , as in the recession period , old people have difficulty in supporting their own living expenses , which results in social spending for the aged .
Thus , people often claim that age dependency has become an actual crisis of the society , and government has taken action to decrease their social welfare expenditure during period of fiscal constraint .
) , there are basic strategies , which policy makers and governments can consider implementing to lessen the burdens of older generations to the younger .
These strategies prove that instead of spending much money on supporting the aged , the government can seek for another alternatives to reduce the burden .
The most considerable strategy is that stressing filial obligation and increasing the willingness of tomorrow 's grown children to support their own elderly parents through informal and family channelno full-stop
full-stop after the parenthesis Originating from Asian cultures , family obligation is the most precious thing , which characterizes the parents-children relationship .
That is a good classification of labour in the society that take good advantage of the scarce labor force .
Moreover , by doing so , the elderly can earn for their living , have a savings for future need on health care , and have less dependency on their younger generation .
Although it is a controversial issue to talk about aging population and its burden to the society , this essay indicates alternatives the government can do besides spending too much on the aged to adapt to the challenge for the future , which is " to ensure that people everywhere will be enabled to age with security and dignity and continue to participate in their societies as citizens with full rights " .
Fortunately , the good news is that to a large extent , current research and development ( R&D ) , and government policies have taken action to help ease the aging process .
Opponents may say current clinical R&D causes an increase in longevity , which substantially raises the average age of the population .
Clinical R&D continuously introduce people to healthier living styles , bring in more efficacious , safer and cheaper medical treatments , which allows people to look young and stay healthy so that they are still able to work actively in middle or even old age .
To cope with it , the government has made and implemented several policies like building colleges of continuing education for the aged .
By controlling the size of population , the one-child policy indirectly shifts the governmental funds from the young to the elderly , so that the government has more flexible budget to help the elderly .
In this manner , the one-child policy helps to ease the aging process as well .
Issues such as high elderly dependency ratio , shrinking workforce and increasing healthcare problems , which resulted from an aging population , are apparent in many countries .
However , they are also aware that devising a policy to eliminate this trend is close to impossible in the short run as the two main sources of the aging problem --- higher live expectancy and lower birth rate ( United Nation , 2002 ) --- are unable to be affected by any policy .
Fortunately , much can be done as current research and development/policies have shown hope of easing the aging process by dealing with the consequences directly , instead of the sources .
The growth of the elderly dependency ratio signifies a state where an escalating numbers of beneficiaries of health and pension funds are sustained by a relatively smaller number of contributors ( United Nation , 2002 ) .
By requiring citizens to provide in advance for their own old-age dependency , policy makers were able to ease the above mentioned situation .
Some countries such as Australia , Britain , Chile and Singapore have gained much through encouraging their citizens and establishing means of law to convince citizens to save and invest a portion of their income earned , while they are still in the workforce ( Peterson , 2001 ) .
Unfortunately , a fraction of citizens still feels that the government should not intervene with the way they spend or save their income .
Furthermore , not many individuals have the discipline to maintain a healthy bank balance given the materialistic world of today .
Thus , compulsory saving can help guarantee a sizable amount of saving for their future and is a practical and effective way to ensure old age dependency is being kept to the minimum .
A shrinking workforce is another problem arising from an aging population .
The human resources of many developed countries are predicted to shrink as a hefty portion of the workforce is edging towards retirement .
The resulting situation is an increased amount of stress falling onto the shoulders of the remaining working adults as they struggled to provide for their older counterpart .
The solution inevitably invited criticism as many found themselves being victims of ageism , a situation where younger workers are preferred over retaining or hiring the older ones .
However , the situation is improving for some countries such as Singapore .
This gives much hope to the elderly as they are still employable and the problem of dependency on the shrinking workforce can be lessened .
Another major issue caused by the aging population is the increasing healthcare problem associated with the elderly .
Governments all around the world has to make provision for improved healthcare as the live expectancies of their citizens and medical technologies are improving by the years .
Adding on to the misery , the cost associated with healthcare is also growing with the combined effect of a rising standard of living and the high cost of advanced medical development .
Such a policy can give security to the elderly if they find themselves trapped in the high cost of healthcare .
It is a world-wide phenomenon that has no quick-fix solution and it is quite clear that every country will eventually reach the same stage as societies continue to develop .
Clearly , many problems associating with aging still persist and will be apparent in developing societies . But with the help of current research and developmentand policies , many socio economical problems can be avoided or minimized .
In fact , leaders and policymakers , particularly from the developed countries have proactively implemented a series of researches and policies in an effort to confront this unprecedented phenomenon .
Aging-related problem is no longer an imminent issue that concerns a particular region but is disquieted and discussed in every country all over the world .
For instance , Germany is currently facing an acute problem of aging in Europe and this prompted the government to generate flexible jobs for the elderly and discourage early retirement by cutting the pension entitlement by 3.6 percent for each year spent in retirement before the age of 65 .
In a nutshell , current development on policy reforms and researches has been carried out simultaneously over the past decades to help cope with both societal and physical impact of the aging issue .
Healthcare issue has to be taken into consideration because the elderly are prone to suffer from chronic diseases as they grow older .
For example , since the mid 90 's , the common usage of wire mesh stents for treatment of artery blockages are partly .
In addition , increased spending on new medical technologies may restrict society 's ability to expand healthcare coverage to more elderly people .
Nonetheless , if the spending on healthcare is limited , the burden will fall increasingly on low-income individuals as well as their families .
The elderly are encouraged to work longer and contribute to the growth of economy , thereby reducing elder dependency of fiscal cost .
Later retirement not only secures a better pension entitlement for the future , but also provide a direct mean of allowing people to supplement their income in later life ; and thus helping them to maintain their standard of living during retirement .
However , older workers are usually less productive than imported foreign talents , though employers may compromise on a small portion of existing aged employees .
If employers have the flexibility to hire older employees on a part-time basis , , they will be much less reluctant to hire and retain older workers .
Alternatively , the government should encourage employment of the elderly by offering privileges and incentives to private sectors .
On top of that , policies that create economic security for the elderly and remove barriers faced by them should always be a priority in .
Governments and policymakers have largely undertaken to build a basic , nationwide infrastructure which .
Current development in communities has created convenience to meet the needs of the elderly , such as barrier-free facilities , security systems , housing , transportation , and so on .
These physical community 's assets help to provide elderly a good quality of life and in the long run .
, governments aim to get all the elderly in communities fully engaged in social activities and involved in lifelong learning .
Yet , some elderly are still facing the problem of being left out or discriminated because of their old age .
Societies are responsible for upholding values such as filial piety , to encourage people to look after their elderly parents. .
In other words , it is the responsibility of the public to protect elderly rights .
.
In order to ease the current predicament , governments have to emphasize on the distribution of their budgets or reallocate funds to reduce the cost of public spending .
On the other hand , it is plausible to reward families for having children and encourage more young people to work .
The future elderly will be more professional and better educated than the current cohorts in many countries .
Thus , decision-makers must carry on fashioning programs to further ease the aging process without getting them locked into policies and approaches that may not be suitable for the changing composition of tomorrow 's elderly .
Nowadays almost every developed country is concerned about the issue of a growing aging population because this issue is a barrier for a country 's development .
Aging population is the result of an increase in the life expectancy rate over several centuries and the trend continues to increase because of advancements in medication .
According to the report of United Nations Population Division : " Worldwide , there are currently more than 600million people over age 60 .
However , from mid-1971 to mid-2006 , those aged under 16 fell from 26 % to 19 % . This is the result of effective family planning programs throughout these decades .
There is a decrease in the ratio of working people to those over age 65 . Therefore , governments are reviewing their budget plans and developing policies in order to overcome with these crucial challenges .
But this does not mean that to overcome these challenges , excessive spending should be done by the government .
As it takes years for the country to overcome this problem , spending on the aged should be limited .
So , there should be limited public spending on the aged group so that money can be diverted to other areas of the country , which will give better returns in near future .
Public spending on the aged should be limited so that money can be diverted to other areas , such as education , which is far more important than the aging issue in today 's world .
Government should be more focused on education than spending on the aged as spending more in education will probably increase the living standard and the of a country .
Indeed no country can move forward without education .
Due to the aging population , there is a shrinking workforce ; and so the government should spend more on education , so that it will increase the productivity of the workforce .
So , governments should review their budgets according to the amount spent on education .
Spending on education will give better returns to a country in near future because education is a major factor for the country 's economic growth , whereas spending on the aged is just the opposite . Spending on the aged is inversely proportional to economic growth .
For a country , spending on education is seen as injecting money into an economy , whereas spending on the aged is considered as introducing a leakage into the economy .
So for the country 's development , there should be more injections than leakages .
In a country , money should be diverted to other areas like defense and infrastructure ; and thus , public spending on the aged should be limited in order to get better returns .
A country 's opportunity cost for spending in defense and infrastructure is probably more than the spending on the aged because spending in infrastructure generates revenue for a country , such as attracting foreign investments and tourism . Spending on defense gives a sense of security to a nation , whereas spending on the aged is just an expenditure for a country ; and for a country to pay its expenditures it should have sufficient amount of revenues .
Spending on infrastructure and defense will enhance the country 's economic growth , the living standards of the people and the overall the image of a country .
Though spending on the aged could also improves the living standard and the image of a country , it would be less effective , as compared to the spending in infrastructure and defense .
It is less effective because the benefits do not exceed the cost .
Therefore spending on the aged should be limited so that money can be spend on other areas of the country 's development .
.
Since the past several decades , there has been an increase in the life expectancy rate . This has probably caused the aging problem , and so there should be sufficient increase in the spending on the aged . This will eventually improve the living standard of the aged and thus contribute to the country 's development .
There should be an increase in public spending on the aged because of consistent increase in inflation rate throughout the past several years .
should not be limited or fixed but should be proportionate to the increase in inflation and life expectancy rate .
On the other hand , the increase in public spending may cause dependency , which means that the aged will then totally rely on the workforce and the government for their needs and thus would be exploiting the economy rather than contributing to it .
Overall , it depends on the country 's situation and the budget to determine whether it should limit its spending on aged .
For a country to develop , it has to overcome with these crucial challenges of aging population , and therefore an appropriate strategy would be needed . This could be to spend more on education and infrastructure which will generate sufficient revenue in the future and then it can be spent on the aged .
There should be limited spending on the aged so by that the aged population will work to fulfill their needs . This will strengthen the workforce of the country , and so by limiting spending on the aged one will be able to contribute to the country 's development .
.
R&D and ; .
Beattie states that there are already policies in place for people to support themselves in their old age , such as the pension systems , provident funds , social insurance and saving schemes .
.
Due to unpredictable economic growths , policy purchasers yearn for better benefits .
.
This is evident in the context of Asia .
According to Ghilarducci and the Employee Benefits Research Institute , people are stressed by the changing economic growth and anxious .
.
In Singapore , the Central Provident Fund Board ( CPF Board ) is a saving scheme that covers working Singaporeans with a list of welfare benefits and offers a sense of security for their old age .
Also , the CPF Board reminds Singaporeans to save and stretch every dollar whenever possible so as to have comfortable lives after retirement in the future .
From the highlights of Channel NewsAsia [ 2009 ] , there are many countries with a .
In view of this demographic , countries like Japan and Singapore have been establishing ways to curb the aging population .
In Japan , the government has a policy of offering incentives to families with small children so as to increase birth rates and build up a new family .
In Singapore , there is the reemployment legislation in 2012 where employers are advised to retain the elderly as the demand for their skills are needed .
In the meantime , Singaporeans are told to save early with the easy access of financial schemes and saving programs offered .
In addition , the technological invention segment has played a part in easing the aging process .
As Schoeni , Freedman and Martin suggests , the R&D segment has been expanding rapidly .
With the the advancement of medical technologies , illnesses such as cardiovascular and cataract diseases have lesser occurrence .
Countries like the United States and Singapore are insured with Medicare and Medishield respectively .
We are insured despite the high medical expenses of new inventions in the medical fields .
, an advance health security cycle as we reach our retirement age .
Moreover , with the growing number of well-educated people around , there is a high probability that people will purchase private insurance to care for their own well-being .
From Malul findings , the elderly are counted as part of the workforce . However , with technology so advanced these days , the elderly in the workface may be faced with hiccups as they are not well skilled in certain aspects of the technology .
This is when the training and re-training of employees is crucial .
specified that .
Majority of these elderly are baby boomers who yearned to extend their duration in the workforce .
By lowering the retirement age , an organization could seek for cheaper employment in a less developed country . However , it may face a high turnover rate as the younger generations do not stay long in jobs , unlike the elderly .
Therefore , to have a mixture of young and old workers , a firm could have , while training the younger generation of workers in advanced skills that are necessary for an organization to excel . This will enable the organization to be more efficient. .
, the policies that each country provides and the current R&D have assisted and benefited the aging process in today 's society .
.
Since early days and especially in Asia , longevity has always been believed as a blessing. .
Chinese emperors even sent people , , to search for the elixir of life that was believed to make anyone who drinks it live eternally .
Fast aging population has taken the spotlight for world crisis and many governments are increasing their spending on this group as the aging population keeps increasing .
For example , in 2008 , the Singapore Government introduced a new incentive called LIFE Bonus and provided tax relief for Central Provident Fund ( CPF ) members ( Central Provident Fund Board , 2008 ) .
A greater portion of the national budget may later be allocated to the incentives for the old .
However , the increase of public spending on the elderly may not be effective as it can be diverted to other sectors that need it .
With the increase of public spending on the aged , there will be many areas that may be left out if the government focused only on the welfare of the aging population .
The economy may need immediate attention with its current situation and the education sector may need improvement .
Allocating the national budget to may result in an increase in GDP as it will benefit the nation 's economy and industry .
An increase in GDP also means that .
In the end , this strategy may improve the nation 's economy and education quality , as well as increase the amount of public spending for the aged .
It is like killing two birds with one stone because two sectors are improved by allocating funds into just one .
First , even with the rapid increase of aging population , the economy urgently needs government attention as the global economy is in recession for the past few year , many industries are closing down and companies are going into a slump .
As a result , Singapore 's GDP fell by 11.5 % due to the recession in the first quarter ( Reuters , 2009 ) .
In this perspective , developed countries that took the most blows from the recession should allocate their budget better to stabilize their economies , pull back old investors and attract new ones .
If the plan goes well , it may stabilize or even increase GDP which will in turn provide more funds for the elderly .
Secondly , the younger generation also plays an important part in the future of a country by determining its future birth rates .
Past studies ( Chan , 2001 ) showed that Singapore 's population growth is minimal and had even reached 0 % in 1986 due to past government policies on birth control and high education cost .
Now , the Singapore government is trying to raise the population growth by giving out incentives through the Children Development Account ( CDA ) and building cheap and easily accessible child care centre for working parents .
Since the cost of living in Singapore has been so high that it is called the 10th most expensive city in the world ( Hoe , 2009 ) , the government may consider increasing the number of incentives . Therefore , the government may increase the total number of people in the workforce and reduce the percentage of total aging population .
.
Education is important as it shapes future leaders for the nation .
improving the quality of education means increasing the quality of future 's work force and this should boost the nation 's growth in every sector .
Education also plays a large role in shaping the students ' characters and morals , and this may help to stop them from neglecting their elderly parents when they become adults .
Providing a and affordable education should also be in the government 's consideration when allocating budgets .
Others may argue that indirect support for the elderly is not sufficient at this time when the aging population in Singapore is predicted to increase from 235,000 in 1999 to 796,000 in 2030 ( Chan , 2001 ) .
However , it is not absolutely true as there is the CPF policy that the government has created to make the elderly support themselves .
When they are still working , some of their income will be put into savings .
The institution of which they work at will also contribute a percentage of funds to the savings .
Experts agree that the CPF is effective in providing the aging population support for their old age as the CPF has also been strategically segmented for health insurance and retirement funds . One study has even remarked that the CPF is changing the concept of social security : from providing savings for retirement to providing savings for life ( Choon and Low , 1996 ) .
Welfare cost for the aged will increase indefinitely as the aging population increases . So , if the government did not limit public spending for the aged , it may eventually take a much larger portion of the national budget .
There are also other areas that urgently need the government 's attention as well and some of these can help increase the government 's fund which will in turn also increase public spending .
Many things can be done to alleviate the problem , but the government will need to think of the next step as the aging population problem continues to grow .
D. Harman ( 1981 ) defines the aging process as progressive changes in terms of the social , psychological and physical characteristics in a person over time . These changes are linked with increasing vulnerability to death or disease. .
Today , most Asian countries like Japan and Singapore are experiencing " population aging " , as defined to be an increase in the number of oldsters in the society ( Wikipedia ) .
This essay refers " oldsters " as people who are 55 years old and above .
The aging population has many problems such as over-dependency on the younger generation , as well as the increase in national budget on health care .
Besides that , Teo et al ( 2004 ) suggested that another problem is gerontological issues , such as the responses of society towards them .
These problems are significantly critical and they attract the attention of governments and policy makers .
Therefore , current developments , researches and policies are implemented to ease the aging process , and they are highly effective .
By increasing the age , the oldsters who are below the retirement age of 62 , are able to enjoy under the retirement age act .
It is stated in the act that says " employee who is unfairly dismissed can sue the employer under the common law and write to Ministry of Manpower ( MOM ) within a month to reinstate his job .
" ( EnterpriseOne , 2006 ) Most importantly , the oldsters are able to earn their own monthly living expenses , which will reduce the burden on their children .
In addition , encourages the oldsters to be more active and to contribute to the society .
Some oldsters are experienced in their fields of work .
Thus , they contribute to society by staying at their work place to teach the younger generations their skills .
However , the jobs offered to the oldsters are very limited and they are not able to take up any jobs due to their low educational level and lack of capabilities .
Due to the government 's policy of bringing in foreign talents , the job vacancies for the elderly are limited as the foreigners may have occupied most of them .
The Singapore government has made contribution of salary to the Central Provident Fund ( CPF ) as a regulation compelled by law , and this helps in easing the aging process .
The contribution rate from employee and employer reduces as the age of employee increases while the crediting to Medisave account increases
( CPF , 1955 ) . The rates are increased because the elderly are more prone to illnesses . .
This scheme allows the oldsters to be more independent as they have their own savings , particularly savings for their medical bills , and helps in reducing the national budget on healthcare .
It helps the elderly , and also encourages the youngsters to plan financially for their old age . This eases the aging process very effectively .
However , it is only effective when the individual starts working at a younger age. .
The Workfare scheme has been implemented recently to cater to the aging process , especially for the elderly who are less educated and this results in their low income status .
It is also known as the Workfare Income Suppplement Scheme
( CPF , 1955 ) . This scheme is specially implemented for middle and old age people .
In addition , it promotes the concept of active lifestyle for the elderly by involving them in the workforce .
This scheme might solve the gerontological issue . If the oldsters are working , the youngsters would not view them as useless people as they are contributing to the society as well as economically to the country .
On the other hand , this scheme is not in easing the aging process because the net payout ( cash ) is low .
Since it is a complement to the CPF contribution scheme , there is an obligation to contribute about 71 percent of the total workfare payout to CPF
( CPF , 1955 ) . Particularly , this scheme is only applicable to those who have worked for 3 months and above .
in addition , the payout is only carried out once in every 6 months .
Hence , the net payout is relatively useless due to the high living expenses in Singapore .
In conclusion , the Singapore government has implemented policies and development that are relatively effective in easing the aging process .
However , there are still some areas that required their attention such as the 2 sub-groups , namely the older single women and the elderly who have never saved during their younger days .
In terms of all the policies and developments mentioned above , especially the workfare scheme , the government should increase the net payout amount ( cash ) and reduce the percentage contributing to the CPF .
As for the increasing retirement age , the government should encourage more voluntary organizations
For the CPF contribution , the government might set up a regulation that requires individuals who reach a certain age to start working and contributing to their CPF . This policy might come in handy in future .
In many developed countries , the aging population is rising and Singapore is no exception .
The first batch of baby boomers ( babies who are born between 1947 and 1964 ) will reach the age of 65 in the year 2012 ( Committee of Aging , 2006 ) .
By 2030 , the number of elderly will reach 18.7 % , which means for every 5 residents , there will be a senior among them ( Singapore Department of Statistics , 2005 ) .
Thus , by increasing the retirement age , people are able to work longer and in return , they are able to accumulate more wealth , which will enable them to be more independent financially .
In addition , elderly people who have acquired the essential skills , knowledge and experience in their respective work fields will be able to continue working and impart their skills to the new working generation . The elderly will be able to share their valuable experience with them so that they will not follow the mistake that the seniors have made during their working lives .
This is not true as countries like Japan and the US are now encouraging elderly entrepreneurs and that will eventually create more jobs for them .
The aging of Singapore population is also due to the fertility decline in the beginning of 1970s when the government had come out with policies to discourage people from having more children .
This campaign proved to be so successful that resulted in a 0 % growth in population by 1986 .
However , the government soon realized that the Singapore population was not reproducing itself and so it reversed its population planning policy by introducing the " Baby Scheme " to encourage a higher birth rate .
Under the " Baby Scheme " , couples will be given cash gifts for their first child and up to their fourth child .
For the second till the fourth child who are born after 17 August 2008 , a Child Development Account ( CDA ) will be opened for the family to enjoy government contributions . The government will match the savings of every child dollar-for-dollar , up to the age of six years old .
This serves to help couples to lighten their financial burden for raising their children .
As the financial cost of raising children is one of the important factor for couple to decide whether they want to have children , birth rate may increase if the financial cost was reduced. .
If the fertility rate continues to drop , there will not be enough young people to replace the older generation .
This will lead to the shrinking of workforce , which will affect the economic growth of Singapore .
In the recent years , Singapore health care institutions have tried to improve their existing methods and introduce innovative applications into the healthcare system .
There are technologies to enable the elderly to look younger .
This will enhance their self esteem , and thus they will be able to participate more actively in social activities and they will not feel left out .
In addition , a better health care system will allow the people to stay healthier and prevent some major illnesses such as stroke and heart attack .
The elderly need not worry too much about their health . But , what they have to do as a personal responsibility is to go for regular check-ups and have a healthy diet .
It has to be tackled through a holistic approach which needs the involvement of the government , community agencies and private sectors .
Many policies have been implemented and research and development have been improved in the last several , though more remained to be done .
With all the efforts put in by the public , the government and the people , Singapore will continue to strive for the status of being a .
" ( Buck , 1999 ) . In Singapore , the focus on ageing issues is not new .
Since the 1980s , the government has taken an active role in caring for its helpless members
( Ministry of Communication Development , Youth and Sports [ MYCS ] , 2001 ) . Policies were introduced , implemented and refined with the goal of minimizing the impact of problems associated with an ageing population .
This essay argues that by and large , the government 's recent efforts in research and intervention have not been useful in alleviating the problems of old age in Singapore .
Firstly , current government policies are not easing the ageing process because they are limited to a specified group of the aged population .
The current policies in place are definitely planned to benefit a large portion of the target group .
However , it must be recognized that these polices have their limitations and they have left out a significant portion of the aged in the lurch .
For example , the Central Provident Fund Scheme ( CPF ) is only applicable and beneficial to the sector of people who had , or are having employment
( Ministry of Manpower [ MOM ] , 2007 ) . The CPF scheme is broken down into three portions , namely the Ordinary account , the Special account and the Medisave account
( MOM , 2007 ) . Thus , people who do not have any employment will not have any money for their retirement and healthcare .
Also , the Parents Maintenance Act is only relevant to the elderly who have children
( Attorney-General 's Chamber of Singapore [ ACG ] , 1996 ) . As a result , those without children will fall outside this umbrella .
For example , the government could topup the Medisave accounts of the less fortunate elder Singaporeans when there are budgetary surpluses to ensure that seniors have the capacity to afford healthcare services
( MYCS , 2001 ) .
In addition , the current government policies are ineffective in the ageing process .
For example , the government has increased the retirement age to 63 years old
( MOM , 2007 ) . This move is ineffective because it does not ensure that the elderly will work till they reached the retirement age .
Also , some elderly are unable to maximize their work years due to medical problems or choice .
In Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong 's speech on the 8 January 2009 , he cited that only six out of ten men are still working by the age of 62
( Prime Minister 's Office [ PMO ] , 2009 ) . Thus , the policy has minimal effect and does not address the root problem .
In addition , the Government 's plan to ensure that all public spaces in housing estates such as parks and sporting venues have facilities that cater to the whole family including seniors ( MYCS , 2001 ) , is not practical because it has not considered the fact that the average elderly in Singapore is either not interested in sports or is unable to play sports due to chronic ailments
( Suriah , Chong , Yeoh , 2008 ) . Nevertheless , opponents might argue that the plans are effective as long as the government can reach out and educate the elders on the available policies .
However , 67 % of the elderly in Singapore is illiterate and is only proficient in non-Mandarin dialects
Hence , the government must first attempt to inform the elderly in Singapore about the available avenues and encourage them to reap the benefits of the current policies , so as to maximize the effectiveness of its policies .
The government has not developed sufficient programmes to cater to the psychological needs of the aged .
In some recent efforts , the government pumped in $ 88 million to build a mentally resilient society of which its results that can only be realized in five years
( Ministry of Health [ MOH ] , 2007 ) . In comparison , the average American considers the notion of " old " to be effective only when they reach the age of 65 years old .
However , in Singapore , the word " old " is tossed around freely in conversations of people aged above 60 , who are also known as the senior citizens of Singapore .
The reason why the Americans classify " oldness " to be above 65 years old is due to the fact that they strongly believe that they still can contribute to society after retirement and thus they continue to embark on meaningful roles .
On the other side of the coin , opponents will argue that the government can not be responsible for every aspect of the issue .
Hence , the Singapore Government should invest more in programmes to cater to the mental aspect of the elderly so that the elderly can proceed to commit themselves to important and useful roles in society after retirement .
Since the problems that tagged along with an ageing population is imminent , much more should have been done by the Singapore Government to wrestle with the difficulties associated with the ageing process .
If more effective policies are formulated and implemented , they will indirectly lower the burden imposed on the younger population and society as a whole .
In 2009 , the median age of Singaporeans was 36 years .
The predicament of an aging population plagues not only Singapore , but also different countries , ranging from the richer and developed nations , such as Japan and Italy , to the relatively poorer and developing nations like China ( , 2009 ) , especially as a result of the one-child policy .
They were the ones who had toiled in the sun to build the infrastructure during Singapore 's early developing days .
They are older single women who are uneducated and were not able to save , that the government should especially provide help for .
Moreover , inadequate policies will lead to political and social instabilities for moral and ethical issues so , by not setting a limit on public spending on the aged , it indirectly helps to sustain and even improve the social cohesiveness and development in this aspect .
Otherwise , like Friedland & Summer ( 2005 ) mentioned , cutting back on public spending on welfare programmes has an impact on local families and communities .
( , 2008 ) .
In evaluating the policies to undertake , it is necessary to consider the net impact of using public funds to deal with the aging population , as well as the consequences if the issues relating to aging population are not adequately dealt with .
Nowadays aging of population has become a global problem , especially in developed countries .
To ease the aging process , many countries ' public spending will rise steadily as a share of GDP , leaving these countries in a great financial burden ( Joumard , 2004 ) .
In this case , only focusing on public spending does not seem to be the best way to solve the aging problem .
Instead , the government should limit the public spending on the aged so that more money can be invested to other areas of the country 's development .
For those countries with aging process , the biggest problem they have to face is the number of labors who ( A Touch of Gray , 2002 ) .
Consequently , the government may not be able to provide enough pension and health care to help improve the old citizens ' life as a result of lack of finance .
Now encourages the United Kingdom to simplify the pension system and they argue that nowadays the pension system in UK may have negative effects on incentives for people to work and save ( ) .
This problem not only happens in the UK . People tend to lose motivation to work or save once they have enough pension to spend .
For example , it is reported that many older workers in US withdraw from the labor market before they reach the State pension age ( ) .
Moreover , too much pension may even lead to pension abuse which will make public spending ineffective .
Despite the above two reasons , some people still argue that the public should help the elderly as much as possible since they have once contributed to the society .
But the problem is limiting the public spending does not mean cutting off the spending .
Under such circumstances , the government should make a more effective spending scheme to solve the aging problem rather than not have any plan or restriction .
To sum up , it is necessary for the government to limit the spending on the elderly so that the economy of the country can be developed more quickly and the effectiveness of the public pensions can be increased .
Limitation does not equal to cutting off but will lead to further development and better solutions for the aging problem .
The whole world is facing the aging population problem that is the result of rising in life expectancy together with decline in fertility .
Every country has its own strategies to deal with the problem but none of them has a radical solution .
Public spending on the aged should be limited and the government should use the money to invest in the young and other areas of the countries ' development .
There are many fields that need money such as education and . In the long run the young generation should support the aged instead of the government .
Moreover , the elderly usually demand higher salary in exchange for their experience but they can not work as hard as when they were young , whereas the young lack experience and find difficulty in seeking jobs .
The aged have to work and save for their lives instead of waiting for the government . This will utilize their contribution .
Most elderly face mental problems when they retire , because they receive money from their saving plan or government and simply do not know what to do , they tend to use up all the money after several years .
Another problem is that most elderly in developed countries live alone ; they do not want to ask for money from the children , which means that they will not receive sufficient financial and mental support from their children .
The Government should stress the important role of filial obligation because it not only reduces the burden of elder dependency but also gives the elderly indirectly benefit through investing in their children .
Moreover , this will create cycles . Parents support their children and vice versa , which is better than giving out money to help the aged and at the same time giving out money to develop the young .
With advanced education , we can develop new technologies for higher productivity and lower cost , which helps the young generation fill the gap of low workforce caused by the aging population and take up the burden of caring for the aged .
The government should also invest in the infrastructures , which has the long-term effect on the development of the economics ; but we should use money wisely and not bump blindly into new projects .
The young generation is the key point to stop the aging process .
Some countries such as Germany and Netherland have successfully given a rise to birth rate . They offer financial aid and tuition grant for every child , so that parents are relieved the burden of raising children .
Admitting immigrants is also a strategy that many countries such as Singapore are applying to attract talented people ; which costs far less in comparison to training high quality workers .
There are many areas in the economy that need capital other than the aged .
Public spending on the aged should be limited . The aged may suffer but we can not spend all the money on the elderly , especially when it will not bring long-term benefits .
There are many areas in the economy that need capital other than the aged such as education , infrastructure and so on .
This poses a number of serious challenges that range from the social security of the elderly to increasing needs for health care , changing consumer behavior , and possibly changes in productivity , " says Wolfgang Lutz , leader of the World Population Program of the International Institute for Applied Systems Analysis ( IIASA ) .
" ( M. Allen , 2006 . In this modern world where decisions are made based on most available technology and rational choices , the negative impact of aging process has been eased and negated .
( ) said in a rally , " We see medical science advancing ; we see new technologies , new drugs , new procedures .
Large proportions of the elderly are unemployed and they may not be able to cope with the rising medical costs .
Hence , having so many new drugs and medicine could confuse them or these drugs have not been properly tested out yet . These result in health issues for the elderly .
In a research done by the Imperial College London ( ) , " The results showed that within a year of treatment , there was a 21 % reduction in death rates and a 64 % drop in heart failure , 39 % drop in stroke deaths and 34 % reduction in cardiovascular events .
" A lead researcher C. Bulpitt ( ) said , " Our results clearly show that many patients aged 80 and over could benefit greatly from treatment .
Hence policies can bring about a lot of good or a lot of problems .
In the case of the aging population , there are many policies up to date , such as pension system in the USA , CPF schemes in Singapore , various employment schemes , medical schemes and more .
In the USA , lawmakers led by Senator { are talking about slapping a $ 495 tax on some of those covered by the medical plan to help pay for extending coverage to some of the 46 million Americans who lack it R.J .
It is often heard that some elderly abuse the pension by gambling or turn to other vices since the money is free .
As stated in an essay in honor of J.C. Weldon , " the total utility may not be maximized because the old 'spend larger and larger sums on smaller and smaller enjoyments ' or impose 'posthumous restraint on bequeathed wealth which will make it less useful to the living '
( 1990 ) .
( ) says , " Our social security system is based primarily on individual savings and self-reliance .
The elderly would hence feel more in touch with society and likewise , the younger generation would not look upon the elderly as a burden .
Such various government polices provides the aged with economic solutions , social solutions , healthcare solutions to the problems that they may face hence easing the growing problems faced by an aging population .
" ( Children are encouraged to take care of their parents when they are old through various publicity and schemes , such as the case in Singapore , whereby people are given housing grants for choosing to stay near their parents and also providing tax relief for individuals taking care of their parents .
In conclusion , through the various available health polices , government policies , social policies and technological advancements , the elderly now are able to lead a better more comfortable and fulfilling life .
Ageing process in humans refers to a multidimensional process of physical , psychological , and social change
, 2009 ) .
In the years to come , more and more countries will be facing problems from aging process .
Hence solutions are very . This essay will evaluate the current measures undertaken by various countries .
Steen Langebaek , president of AGE , an organization which aims to promote the interest of older people across Europe , believes that older people should be encouraged to study and work beyond retirement , whether through part-time work or on a voluntary basis
( , 2002 ) .
It means the elderly are welcome to continue serving in the workforce provided they are willing themselves .
In European countries , work organization and social security arrangement are flexible in providing options for combined work with retirement .
Therefore , this measure had been very successful , especially in the Netherlands with 49 % of elderly either working full or part time
( , 2008 ) .
Also , Silver job fairs , established to find jobs for people 60 and older , have mushroomed across South Korea in the past year as part of the government 's government 's effort to assist a rapidly growing population of older Koreans adrift in a changing society
( , 2009 ) .
From the above examples in different continents , it is inevitable to conclude that elderly employment is one of the policies that has been well adopted by various governments .
Japan had started to develop robots meant for the elderly .
" With Japan 's aging population , we need robots that can alleviate the burden of human tasks , " says Toshihiko Morita , director of Fujitsu 's Autonomous System Laboratory
( , 2006 ) .
Currently , the drug that helps to reduce aging is being tested and will be released into the market soon .
" It may be the ultimate free lunch on how to reap all the advantages of a calorically restricted diet , including freedom from disease and an extended healthy life span , without eating one fewer calorie .
" ( , 2009 ) .
This useful drug will ultimately increase life span , hence increasing the productivity of the workforce as people could retire at an older age because of this drug .
Singapore has implemented the retirement pension known as the Central Provident Fund that allow elderly to fund for their retirement right from the start of their working life .
This policy has been effective as the compulsory contribution to the fund will be allocated to both medical account and general account , which does not only ensure stability but also healthcare stability .
The government could also save the budget on state pension at the same time .
In addition , the Housing Development Board of Singapore has introduced studio apartments that are catered for the elderly .
The forty square meter apartments include facilities like lifts on every floor , hand railings and alarm systems that are specially designed for the elderly .
The government has also promised to build more studio apartments in the upcoming projects .
( 2006 ) .
Overall , the governments have done well to ease the aging process to a large extent with the above policies .
In conclusion , countries have used various means to ensure a better aging process for the elderly .
This will be further improved as the country is developing in other aspects like technology , education and economy .
A large portion of the public health expenditure actually goes to the aged .
Furthermore , the negative impacts of these policies will be more significant in China as its economic base is not so strong compared to developed countries such as the U.S and Japan .
Those who oppose cutting government expenditure on elderly argue that limited spending will cause social instability as many families with low income will suffer when the elderly generation needs medical support .
For instance , Japan 's economy situation shows us the consequences of abusing of the government budget on public health spending .
Japan is well known for its ageing problems with 22.1 % of the populations above 65 ( , 2008 ) .
Therefore , for China , being a country which is much less developed than Japan , to limit the spending on the aged will be a wiser decision .
The negative impacts will be even worse in China due to its one-child policy since the 1970s .
If the government raises tax to finance the expenses on the aged , the younger generation would even face difficulties making a living .
Some sociologists argue that if the expenditure on public health is to be limited , the younger generation has to pay more .
While it may sound true , someone in the society has to sacrifice in order to solve the current ageing problem .
Last but not least , China 's public spending should be limited because there are other sectors of China 's economy which need the money more imperatively .
China is still a developing country today and more of the government 's budget should go to the sectors which are able to generate more wealth .
In 2008 , the total expenditure for public wealth in China was RMB 984 billion , which is about 3.3 % of the total GDP ( 2008 ) .
A portion of the money should be diverted into the sectors which are more important in the long run such as education and
According to the National Bureau of Statistics , the expenditure of the government on education last year was RMB 901 billion and on was even lower at RMB 213 billion ( , 2008 ) .
China has to be fully industrialized first before spending its money on the old .
Previously , the aging was a tough process having to deal with the many problems faced .
By doing so , it can partially relieve the society of the increasing financial burden of an aging population .
Hence , skills upgrade and training programs like those offered by Workforce Development Agency should reach out to more elderly and make it easier for them to upgrade themselves to reduce their barriers to entry into the workforce .
When the elderly returning to the workforce they will be able to accumulate more wealth and save more so that they will be able to be self sufficient when they are older .
Therefore , it is essential to provide skills upgrading programs for the elderly and by doing so it will reduce their barriers to enter the workforce and reduce the impact of aging on the economy .
The government is aware of the challenges faced by the aging population due to inadequate facilities and living conditions and has influenced the changes in the environment so as to make life easier for the elderly .
For example , they are customized to contain various elderly friendly features such as the alarm system that automatically requests for help through a pull of a lever in case of an emergency .
Besides , features such as the building of lifts leading to every storey and the residence corners for the elderly to interact are also implemented .
The improving medical care and subsidies help the aging population cope with health problems which are inherent in old age .
With this subsidy , more elderly will be able to medical care as compared to before .
Furthermore , with the constantly improving technology in the medical field , many medical procedures have been simplified from surgery that requires hospitalisation to an outpatient procedure .
Now , the surgery can sometimes be done in less than 30 minutes as an outpatient basis .
The elderly have to be convinced to adopt a healthy and balanced lifestyle .
With the measures such as better economic situation for the elderly by encouraging later retirement , improving the housing and transport conditions and better health care for the elderly have tremendously changed the way aging takes place .
While it is inevitable to avoid the aging process , with such measures in place , it will make growing old much easier than before .
With the overly successful " Stop at Two " campaign to curb the overpopulation in the 1960 's , Singapore has since faced an ageing population as birth rate dipped tremendously .
In 2008 , Singapore was reportedly one of the Asian economies to be worst hit by an ageing population ( UBS , 2008 ) .
Our long-term economic growth is estimated to be cut by 3 percent , while support for the elderly could cost the country more than 7 percent of our gross domestic product ( GDP ) .
With such a bleak outlook of our economy , our nation should be spending more wisely .
by entrusting the responsibility of taking care of the elders to everyone in society , public spending on the elderly could and should then be limited .
With a high average inflation rate of 5.83 % globally ( Goldman Sachs , 2008 ) , it is very difficult for grown children to support both their family and their parents .
Especially in Asian societies , such as Singapore , older people are traditionally supported by their own families .
Parents above sixty , who can not support themselves , can approach the tribunal for an order to claim maintenance from their children , delegating responsibility to the children .
As the nation prospers , these homes will appreciate in value , and Singaporeans may draw on this egg nest when they are old .
With such policies , the aged are ensured that they would have enough assets to remain self reliant and not be dependent on the government .
Hence , the government will then be able to divert spending towards national growth .
Employers could also offer other kinds of employment , it does not necessarily have to be the same job or pay as of their previous employment .
As the population gets older , retired elderly will require healthcare reimbursement , building of elder friendly infrastructure and domestic helpers .
As a result , this will become very costly to the working generations , and also it will be a hindrance to economic growth .
Many elderly have deteriorating health with common illnesses like diabetes , eye cataracts , bone and joint problems , and heart problems .
There is also a need to build elderly friendly environments like railings , lifts that goes to every floor of the buildings , and ramps .
The elderly should be educated about the aging population , because the economy may be severely affected if they are no longer able to support themselves financially .
Being financially responsible , the elderly should save up as much money as possible while they are young so that they can pay for their daily expenses .
As a large working population retires , this will mean that there are less people to work and provide for the retired elderly .
Also , when foreign investors relocate their investments , jobs will also be relocated to other geographic places , this will result in fewer jobs for the population .
besides global warming , an aging population is another phenomenon that is of concern to the world today , one that has no definite solution
This aging phenomenon is most evident in developed countries like Japan , Germany and Singapore where fertility rates are low .
The growing number of the elderly around the world has certainly created a huge iimpact which in turn has caused changes to the structure of current society .
Faced with this situation , governments and policy makers around the world have been providing solutions such as the introduction of economic policies , social policies , and architectural designs which benefit both the elderly and society .
One of the main solutions to be offered is the economic policy that eases the financial situation of the elderly .
One of the evident examples would be the health care subsidy which has been carried out by many developed countries such as Singapore , Japan , and the U.S. Others may object that too much is being spent on the elderly and this will hinder the growth of the country which is fundamentally more essential .
However , this argument may not be valid because the elderly are considered as an integral part of a country and can not be totally excluded .
With the right economic plan and policies , the elderly can effectively contribute back to the growth of the country .
As mentioned by Singapore 's Prime Minister Lee , " aging should be redefined as an opportunity rather than burden to the society " .
Furthermore , other than contributing to the country , the elderly parents are also an important part of the family as they possess invaluable knowledge and experience which can guide the younger generation . ( The Journal 2009 )
As the aging population to some extent has had a negative impact on society , social policies play an important role in reducing the effect which could otherwise cause social disintegration within a country .
One important example would be the Parents Maintenance Act of Singapore , which governs specifically the social relationship between parents and children .
However , the current economic situation and the decreasing fertility rate have left young adults , who have no siblings to share costs with , no choice but to give up on their parents .
Furthermore , we should also consider the fact that society is changing over time and so does the social and cultural value of our traditions .
Thus , social policy plays an important part to maintain this relationship and also to reiterate the importance of filial piety in the minds of the young adults .
This dependency may hinder the activity of the people around them which may otherwise be productive .
With this in mind , countries have begun to provide elder friendly architectural design to assist elderly in their daily activities .
For instance , in Singapore , more housing and transportation modes are designed to provide elder friendly designs such as : rubber flooring , alarm systems and supporting hand rails .
With the implementation of elder friendly designs , the elderly will be able demonstrate some level of independence .
In conclusion , the problems of an aging population are likely to continue or even worsen over the coming years .
Including economic , social and architectural aspects of society , there are many other implementations that can be done to ease the aging issues .
With the success of these implementations , I believe the world can shift the paradigm of the aging phenomenon to have a sustainable positive impact .
In Singapore , the government and society have come up with various policies and strategies to assist the aging population .
For example , there are some organizations that help the elderly with their daily necessities ; the government is planning on making a more elder friendly environment and having an Active Aging Festival .
One might object that the government and society have not really done much for them .
For instance , there are still many who are living alone with no children to care for them .
This group of elderly usually live in small apartments with little contact with the outside world and they fall sick easily .
It is also quite inconvenient for them to move about , thus they prefer to stay at home and watch television , rest and not do anything much .
They just watch life pass by .
Many are of the view that the government is neglecting the older generation .
We can see that some buses are now made with a platform accessible for people who are on wheelchairs ; Mass Rapid Transit ( MRT ) stations with lifts and fare gates which allow them to travel just like many other commuters ; Older HDB flats being upgraded to lifts that stops at each level and car parking areas now comes with wheelchair bounded slots .
These are just examples of the many strategies that the government has come up with to ease the aging process in Singapore .
Two years ago , the Active Aging Festival was launched to encourage senior citizens to be more active in their lives
Instead of living in the past , they are encouraged to pursue their dream and work towards their future .
The festival has been initiated by Council for Third Age ( C3A ) .
Its focus is on the six dimensions of wellness which an elderly will most likely be lacking in .
It turns out to be fun and exciting for the elderly .
In having this festival , the government allows the elderly to enjoy their aging life together with their family members .
An aging population is one of the issues that faces Singapore today. .
The Singapore Department of Statistics ( Singstat ) states in its Population Trend 2008 report that senior citizens aged 65 years and above make up 8.5 % of the population and that , it will continue to rise .
Having an aging population means that there will be lesser people in the workforce and this will have an impact on the country 's economy .
Further if public spending on the aged is not limited despite the decrease in the size of the workforce , the country 's economy will be negatively affected .
In addition , the public money comes from taxing the workforce .
If public spending is not limited , this would mean that the workforce may be further taxed to provide sufficient funds for the aged .
Not only would this pressurize the workforce , it would also cause them to spend less as they have lesser discretionary income .
Thus , it is necessary to limit public spending on the aged due to the negative consequences that would arise from doing otherwise .
One may argue that the high cost of living justifies the need for public spending on the aged .
The money in the Medisave account was formed by a percentage of their income and could be used for hospitalization expenses .
An aging population should not be the only issue that is given most attention to , as there are other areas of the country 's development that would require public money .
Singstat mentions that despite the slight increase in fertility rate , the fertility rate is still considered low .
Thus , public spending on the aged should be limited as there are other areas of the country 's development that would require the national budget .
This is because of the consequences related to doing otherwise such as pressurizing the national budget as well as the workforce .
In addition , the government has already done its part in preparing its citizens for old age through the CPF Life and Medisave Account .
The aging process means that as time passes , people will undergo a process of physical , psychological and social change .
In order to help the society and its people to cope with the changes , current research and development such as new technological inventions and employment schemes are being put in place .
This is a concern for an aging population as there could be some danger posed in crossing the roads when the traffic light has turned red .
It may be objected that if an elderly person took too much time crossing the road , it may cause traffic congestion on the road .
Thus , the system is put in place for elderly to cross safely with a reasonable amount of time .
This example shows that the problems which will occur from an aging population have been well-thought through and measures have been put in place. .
Secondly , , mobile phones are used commonly and most people around the world have at least one mobile phone .
With a large demand for mobile phones , phone companies have to compete with each other by inventing fanciful mobile phones with many functions such as Internet , games , music player and more .
However , with the shift to an aging population , the purpose of possessing a mobile phone changes . The demand would be for its original functionality of maintaining contact and for emergencies .
Furthermore , as people get older , their vision will become poorer and responsiveness might be slower than before .
Thus , phone companies must take this opportunity to penetrate the market with elderly-friendly phones .
For example , Japan 's phone companies actually offer phone models which have bigger screens and larger font sizes , enhanced audibility and easier- to-operate keys to attract the elderly .
In contrast , the Japanese phone companies which offer the elderly-friendly phones also offer a free one hour session on how to use the phone .
Therefore , this shows that the phone companies are attentive to issues regarding the aging population and have taken action to help ease the problems faced by an aging population. .
However , it is not true as the government has implemented several schemes to help in the employment of the elderly .
Being one of the fastest aging populations in the Asian region , Singapore faces many challenges in trying to overcome this aging problem .
For the last 30 years , the young population in Singapore has shrunk tremendously .
Accounting for less than 4 % of the total population back in the 1960s , today the elderly , aged 65 and above constitute 7.3 % of the total population based on the Singapore Census of Population 2000 .
This projects a significant growth in the aging population over the years .
To accommodate this current changing age structure , on-going development of government policies , covering areas like economics , sociology and architectural design , have been carried out aggressively through these years .
Even though The government has implemented so many policies to help ease the aging process , some people still view this as insufficient. .
Although some of the government 's policies are initiated with the goal of encouraging the young to look after their aged parents , it does not seem to work out as planned .
Due to the changing beliefs and values of the younger generation in the 21th century , many of them hope to achieve freedom in their financial status , personal life and other aspects of their life and thus deem that staying with their aged parents would cause a burden to them .
The Government should try educating this younger generation on the correct mindset before exploiting the full potential of these implemented policies .
One of the main causes for a growing aging population is the low fertility rate in Singapore .
Due to that , Singapore is facing a serious declining fertility rate that is resulting in a huge difference between the aged and the young .
Through these implemented policies , it will help facilitate the growth of the fertility rate .
To further tackle the rising trend , the Government has implemented different housing schemes so as to better allow the families to look after their aged parents rather than putting them in old folks ' homes or leaving them to look after themselves .
Support services and subsidies are provided to families with aged dependents so as to assist them and at the same time , help the aged to remain physically and socially active .
Catering to the upward trend of the aging population , initiated programs such as free health check for the elderly are implemented to encourage the elderly to constantly conduct full body checkup to ensure that they are in good health and also to advice them on the dos and don'ts in their everyday life so as to maintain a healthy lifestyle .
Besides that , incentives are also being provided for the elderly to further motivate them in conducting health checks .
Indeed , a lot of research and development besides policies have been implemented in order to ease the aging process especially from the aspect of medicine , economics and technological inventions .
Disease like Parkinson 's disease which is known as an incurable disease is now largely controllable due to research done to discover the cause of this disorder .
Of all the neurodegenerative disorders , Parkinson 's disease is second to Alzheimer 's disease in the number of cases , with more than 1.3 million patients suffering from it in major countries .
Parkinson 's disease usually develops after the age of 65 .
Currently , research and development Solvay Pharmaceuticals Asia is progressing well on working with the newly invented therapy of SLV308 and SLV318 to improve symptomatic treatment of Parkinson 's disease .
If the medications are successfully improved , Parkinson 's disease will be highly controlled .
Research has also been done on other illnesses to find out the most efficient medications .
Compared to before , the research and newly invented medicines have helped to ease certain aging processes to a certain extent .
However , every one of us will get old and people should think twice before giving such comments .
The scheme , introduced last year , is a key piece in a comprehensive plan to tackle the problem of an aging population , as people 's retirement savings are not keeping pace with longer life spans .
Because of this , the member will not need to worry about retirement in later life
The dependency of the elderly on the young can be reduced and government 's spending on the elderly can also be minimized in the long-run .
Technological inventions should also be taken into account as they are also essential in easing the aging process .
Another device uses radio frequency identification technology to track which medications have been take and when .
Besides , a team of researchers from UGR has created a system with Artificial Intelligence techniques which notifies elderly people or people with special needs who forget everyday tasks .
Moreover , the inventions of a wheelchair controlled by a magnet on the tongue will also enable some elderly people who are unable to move freely move easily , wherever and whenever they want .
These inventions have indeed helped a lot in easing the aging process .
In a nutshell , it is undeniable that in this globalization era , research , development and policies have been doing their part in easing the aging process .
With these inventions , people nowadays are leading comfortable lives and the aging process is no longer tough for both the elderly and the young .
Globally , there is rising concern about the rapidly aging population , especially in the developed countries , for example , the U.S. Census Bureau projects the number of elderly Americans will nearly double to 71 million by 2030 .
Many countries are starting to pump money into research and to introduce policies to ease the aging process as it will lead to problems like widening of the tax base and healthcare shortages .
While current research and policies have helped to ease the aging process , there are limitations to these policies that make these policies not as effective .
The policies that the government introduced and current research have indeed helped to buffer the aging process .
This policy is effective in the sense that it not only increases the size of the working population so that the government will not have to increase the tax base , but also helps the elderly to save up more money for their future needs after they retire .
When dealing with an aging population , the government knows that healthcare is one major sector that they can not neglect .
As people have a longer life expectancy , the aging population is going to make up a quarter of the population by the year 2030 in countries like Singapore .Therefore , more people will be demanding better health care as they grow older. .
This is because as people grow older , many are bound to suffer from age-related diseases such as Alzheimer 's and Parkinson 's disease .
Thus , the government is investing large amounts of money into medical research on age-related diseases and bringing in new medical technology .
This research and technology will be used in finding new cures for certain diseases , developing of new treatments and increasing the success rate of surgery .
The research and technologies brought in are very expensive which makes it available only for the people who can afford it and the poor , who can barely make ends meet , will not be the beneficiaries .
In addition , in the case of Singapore , people can fully utilise their Medisave funds , which they have saved up from their working lives , to pay for their medical bills .
However , these are really not enough to cover the high medical bills for most people , especially those who suffer from illnesses that require long- term treatment .
For low income earners , they may have depleted their Medisave funds after one surgery , and for subsequent treatment , they will have to either fork out their own savings or , as is often the case , they will refuse to seek treatment , which thus aggravates their illness .
So , more efforts from the government is needed in this area so that affordable healthcare will be accessible to everyone who needs it .
Aging population is a problem that no country can escape , so what the government can do is to reduce this aging process with the help of research and policies .
However , there are limitations in the policies , thus the government can look into alternative methods so that people will truly benefit from these policies and research .
In recent years , the changing demographics of Singapore has caused the government and policymakers to channel more resources and to revise public policies for the elderly .
If the government still does not intervene , the working-age population will come under more pressure as elderly persons are mostly taken care of by them .
Furthermore , if it is not properly handled , more issues relating to the aging population will arise causing serious consequences to the growth of the country .
With the help from voluntary welfare organizations , there is a range of health care services available to help older people in the , .
These health care services provided are such as day care centres , senior citizens clubs and residential care .
However , at times these services are not fully utilized as they lack publicity and the location may not be accessible to some of the elderly who do not stay near the health care centres .
Therefore , these health care centres are mostly located in places where a high proportion of older people are staying .
These services are a great support and assistance to working age people who are taking care of the elderly while they are busy working .
With more of these health care services around , the elderly can remain physically and socially active , and it also helps to lighten the burden of the working age population .
Currently , the government is encouraging more healthy and able elderly people to work longer by lowering barriers for employing elderly people .
It may be argued that having older employees will also mean higher costs in term of healthcare benefits and insurance .
In such case , companies will find them a huge financial burden slowing the growth of the company .
But , on the other hand , companies do save a lot in their training costs as these employees are more experienced , and retaining them will cut down on recruitment costs .
By working longer , there is more time to ensure that valuable experience and knowledge is passed on to the younger members of the workforce .
Countries such as Japan and the United States are also encouraging more people to work longer by extending the retirement age up to sixty-five .
In addition , still having a good medical condition and good working performance , these people can be a great asset in contributing to the economy .
Hence , encouraging later retirement will benefit the economy of the country and the elderly in saving up more for their old age .
Nowadays , there is more support given by the government for families to take care of elderly people .
Schemes such as the Joint Selection Scheme that allow children to apply for flats in the same block or housing estates of their parents .
There is also more upgrading of older estates to improve accessibility such as more ramps and lifts .
In addition , beautifying older housing estates with modern design and interior improvements is a strategy to prevent the outflow of younger people .
Therefore , continual support from the government is important to promote children to stay with their elderly parents .
These issues are also faced by other developed countries such as Japan and the United States .
In order to deal with these rising issues , the government is currently taking active measures to help ease the aging process .
However , there can only be so much that the government can help in terms of health care services and policies .
If these services are not fully utilized by people and the elderly are not responding to government assistance , slowly these older people could be considered as not productive and be neglected by the society .
After World War II , there was a rapid increase in the birth rate across the globe and Singapore too , faces the same problem .
For instance , civil servants are not entitled to paid maternity leave for the third and subsequent child .
In addition , public hospitals charge increasingly higher sums for each additional birth .
With low birth rates and longer life expectancy , the aging population has become a long term problem for Singapore .
Knowing the difficulties in encouraging Singaporeans to have more children , the government and related organizations decided to carry out research studies and implement policies to ease the aging process in different areas such as the medical field .
In order to combat the shrinking workforce caused by the rapid ageing population and a declining fertility rate , the Health authorities must first gear up their medical field and prepare for an aging population .
Due to the fact that older patients are more prone to hospital admittances than other age groups , providing better medical care facilities and services not only helps to reduce the chance of re-admission , it will also facilitate better chances of making a full recovery .
With less frequent visits to hospital , the amount of money spent on medical bills would decrease .
Hence , the elderly would be able live longer with their retirement funds .
However , to develop the medical sector , huge sums of funds have to be involved which may in turn hamper the development of other sectors .
Moreover , the drugs have to be tested so as to ensure the effectiveness of the medicine and that they are safe for consumption .
On the other hand , with the rise in aging population , it is necessary to invest heavily in the medical sector as poor medical facilities will lead to more health problems within the country .
This will then result in an increase in the amount spent on medication , thus adding a greater financial burden to the shrinking workforce .
With the constant rise in the cost of living , families can no longer rely on a sole breadwinner as they need to support both their parents as well as their children in terms of food , shelter and education .
Furthermore , if either of their parents contract a long term disease which requires a significant amount of care , both adults will be in a dilemma about whether to look after their parents or to carry on with their job so as to ease the financial burden that is added because of the medical bills .
Either decision requires one party to sacrifice , thus the Singapore government decided to offer more step-down care services which provides basic medical care to the elderly after the patient has been stabilized .
To ensure that the elderly maintain a healthy lifestyle , the government has started to build elderly fitness corners around the neighborhood .
Occasionally , neighborhood polyclinics also provide free medical checkups for the elderly .
Then again , even though it is the health authorities who are responsible for providing better medical care to the citizens , senior citizens also have to play a part in ensuring their own well being .
Hence , even though the government and health authorities offer facilities to ease the aging effect , people must also take the initiative to utilize them and be more proactive in keeping a healthy lifestyle .
In a nutshell , the medical sector plays a significant role in easing the aging process by providing a high level of medical care and wellbeing to senior citizens .
Thus , if the elderly are able to take advantage of the advanced medical facilities offered to them , it will certainly play a big role in helping society to ease the aging process .
Aging is a time induced process that causes physical , psychological and social changes. .
Longer life expectancy and a continuous fall in population have caused the aging population in Singapore to increase .
In view of these strategies , it can be argued that the current research and development policies have helped to ease the aging process .
The first policy development is in the medical field .
Having quality health care services at affordable prices is viewed as one of the most important needs for the aging population .
This strategy calls for having private clinics to be within a hundred metres from the home .
The second strategy devised is the implementation of means- testing .
It is supported by reducing the subsidies of the financially well-off .
The second policy development is in the economic field .
Thirdly , more financial help is being sought from the government .
The first strategy implemented is the creation of the Central Provident Fund ( CPF ) .
The purpose is to provide a compulsory and comprehensive savings plan for Singaporeans .
Some of the changes are the increase in the the CPF minimum sum and the partial withdrawal of retirement savings upon reaching retirement age .
The second strategy implemented is the raise in the retirement age to sixty two years old .
However , critics have pointed out that it is the motivation of individuals , instead of policies , that has to ease the aging process .
They also have not pointed out that Singapore has taken basic measures to ensure the general well-being of its citizens .
For example , it is compulsory for newly-born to have the BCG vaccination against Tuberculosis .
The integration of health care service providers through medical policies will result in a higher quality and more affordable health care system .
As for economic policies , having the CPF and raising the retirement age allows additional wealth accumulation .
It is norm that ageing is often associated with illnesses such as Parkinson 's and , and as a result , it is a concern of many .
Thus , medical breakthroughs by the University of Nottingham in research regarding to the slowing down and preventing of Parkinson 's and dementia has definitely relieved many .
Although , some may argue that breakthroughs in research do not severe the root of the problem as those who are ill with the diseases are still not cured .
However , one must realized that breakthroughs can help the aged to be better prepared or even prevent contracting diseases .
Additionally , since there is a breakthrough , the possibility of a cure can not be ruled out as well .
Besides , if more are able to slow down or even prevent themselves from getting the disease , the aged can lessen their medical costs which will lead to a reduced cost of living .
Therefore , medical research greatly enhances the confidence of the aged to face the eventual ageing process .
Similarly , economic policy like the Central Provident Fund ( CPF ) also aid in the ageing process of Singaporeans .
CPF is a saving fund employed by the government .
It enforces working adults to save a portion of their monthly salary , so that they will have a sum of money upon retirement . Consequently , this will bring about less monetary problems when people are aged .
However , it is also not guaranteed that the saving in CPF will be sufficient , especially with the prolonged life expectancy of many .
Therefore , recently adjustments have been made to the policies to ensure that the retirees ' saving can last them through their life .
In the past , a lump sum was given to the recipients , but now the recipients will get the money in their CPF account on a monthly basis till they pass on .
Another plan in CPF known as Medisave . This helps the aged to meet health care needs and hospitalization fees , so that the aged can afford the usage of healthcare facilities .
As can be seen , the CPF policy has not only help the aged to cope with monetary issues after retirement , making sure that their savings are sufficient for their retirement but it has also made it certain that they will be able to afford healthcare facilities if required .
.
This policy not only helps to minimize the fear of not being taken care of when one is aged , it weakens the negative idea that living with parents only increases one 's expenditure . It also diminishes the worries of aged parents that their children will not have a roof over their head .
Clearly , the current research and policies have helped to ease the ageing process tremendously .
Breakthroughs in the medical research field , not only provide a cushion for the aged with regards to old age illnesses but also help to reduce their future medical expenditure .
Similarly , the CPF policy , put into operation by the government lessens the worries of ageing as medical and life expenses are already well planned for .
It is relatively hard to deny how much ageing has been made much easier .
Aging as defined by Wikipedia is the process of physical , psychological , and social change .
Physical change means that one 's health will be likely to deteriorate as one ages .
Social change in general points to the change in attitude towards life .
Fortunately , advancements in technology , economic policies and social policies implemented by the government has helped to ease this process .
Some elderly individuals may feel left behind by the pace of technological change .
Elderly individuals , who lack access and training needed to familiarize themselves with modern technology like the internet , may find themselves at a disadvantage .
This is because they will miss out on opportunities to access the large database of information , goods and services online .
In addition , there will also be concentrated efforts towards educating elderly individuals to use the internet .
This is very convenient especially for elderly individuals who have difficulty moving around .
Apart from that , advancements in technology also brings about the inventions of new gadgets that have significantly improved the lives of elderly individuals .
For example in Japan , a mobile phone manufacturer has come up with a mobile phone that has a large key pad so that the elderly can use it without straining their eyes .
As a result , elderly individuals can enjoy their retirement without having many financial worries .
Elderly individuals are generally more prone to illnesses as their immune system may have weakened due to aging .
In addition to that , they are more likely to be plagued with old age diseases like Parkinson 's or dementia .
The government foreseeing that personal medical expenses would rise as one ages , has implemented the Medisave scheme to meet elderly people 's healthcare needs .
Therefore , they do not have to worry about medical expenses when they are old .
Social policies have also been implemented to ease the process of aging .
For example in Singapore , the government has set up a $ 10million Golden Opportunities Fund to create more programmes , activities and learning opportunities for elderly individuals .
This fund will be used to construct more elderly-friendly facilities in all sports centres and within housing estates .
Therefore , through this policy , elderly people can pursue the lifestyle of their choice , be it sports , learning , or contributing through volunteering in non-profit organizations .
In conclusion , advancements in technology , economic policies and social policies implemented by the government have helped to ease the process of aging .
Currently , 7 % of Singapore 's population is over the age of 65 ; however , by 2030 , this will increase to 20 % ( Inter-Ministerial Committee on Aging Report 1999 ) . Thus ageing population is one of the challenges Singapore will face in the near future .
It is undeniable that there have been many policies implemented to ease the aging process .
However , the extent to which these policies help to ease the ageing process remains rather limited due to the limitations of the policies .
Firstly , the Parents Maintenance Act can now address the concern of the increasing number of parents who are neglected and abandoned by their children. .
It may be successful in getting the children to pay the maintenance of their parents ; but by enforcing such law , .
The act ensures that the child or children have to support their parents since they will face serious consequences if they did not . However , it is a question of whether they have done it willingly .
Filial piety is supposed to be a virtue to be upheld , a respect for parents and ancestors , and yet now we need a law to make sure everyone uphold it .
Does this imply morals are being eroded in this society ?
Furthermore , Parents Maintenance Act may not be entirely successful in getting the children to pay for their parents ' maintenance .
This is because the act is only applicable if parents made a report against their children and if the parents were aware of such an act , as well as ready to do that to their children .
And children can only abide by the obligations if they were financially stable .
Therefore this act is rather ineffective in solving the problems of unwanted parents .
Other strategies in solving the ageing problem would be to increase the birth rate .
With an increased population , there will be an increase in the workforce which would in turn lead to an increase in income tax Thus , this will solve the problems of labour shortage , as well as the heavy financial strain placed on the economically active population .
A pronatalist policy has been implemented since the early 1990s , and yet the effectiveness it has on birth remains questionable .
Despite much efforts have been put in by the government to shape a policy that aims at lessening the financial burden of having children , fertility rates continues to remain low . It could reach as low as 1,08 , which is way below replacement rate .
The pro-natalist policy focuses mainly on cash incentives such as baby bonuses of $ 3,00 for the first and second child , up to $ 6,000 for the third and fourth child ; as well as government contributions in the form of a dollar-for-dollar matching for the amount of savings the parents contribute to their child 's Children Development Account .
However , in Singapore , the financial burden is less of a concern when we are targeting at the 'productive group ' of the population .
, so when they are encouraging population growth they are targeting at the educated ones , who are also the financially stable ones .
Thus cash incentives are not a strong enough factor to encourage them to give birth , as money is of a less important issue to them .
On the other hand , it can also be argued that and the government 's help in terms of baby bonus and Children Development Account is temporary .
and it makes people think twice about giving birth , given the other considerations such as high cost of living in Singapore and the increasingly competitive society we are living in . All these make the task of raising a child well challenging .
Therefore , the pro-natalist is rather unsuccessful in easing ageing population through the encouraging of births due to other considerations people have when they decide to have a child , and these considerations may not be related to cash incentives. .
In conclusion , the two policies have shown their ineffectiveness in easing the problems of ageing population .
Rather than having one policy to cater to the whole country , there can be different policies implemented to cater to different levels of income group .
I agree to a certain extent that the current architectural development in Singapore has helped in the aging process .
Aging process causes difficulties in movement
The current scheme that the Singapore government is using is called the Barrier-Free Accessibility ( BFA )
( ) . " This BFA Code requires all new buildings , as well as the existing ones to undergo major retrofitting works , to meet certain barrier-free requirements .
'New " refers to any building that comes after BFA has been implemented .
" Certain " means that it is .
The statement highlights that to a large extent , the architectural development in Singapore was not barrier-free .
The current BFA Code focuses on the accessibility to and within a building .
.
Therefore the public owner has a part to play .
For examples , shopping malls , industrial estates , invested properties and private properties .
But that is only for buildings that do not belong to the government sector .
Buildings like the Housing development Board flats are built or upgraded to have better accessibilities .
Measures taken by the government to help ease aging process in residential areas are sheltered linkways which are upgraded to allow the elderly to access from residential blocks to markets .
Other measures include the installation of more ramps in residential areas , which are designed to have a gentle gradient so that it is user-friendly for people in wheelchairs , as well as new lifts replacements with bigger button showing larger text and better lit buttons in lifts so that the old who are visually unsound can see and press for the correct floor .
Measures are taken by the government to help ease the aging process in non-residential areas by creating better public accessibility : for example , the Land Transport Authority making plans to improve accessibility to reach public transport like MRT and bus stops .
The National Parks is also working to into its designs for parks so that even parks can be allowed better accessibility .
Private building owners need to adopt similar measures to achieve for aging population .
A large amount of development has been done by the government to help ease the process of aging but it is not enough due to the fact that the BFA Code only covers new buildings and government developments .
Existing developments by private entities still do not have desirable levels of accessibility .
Since the implementation of the Code on Barrier-Free Accessibility in Buildings ( BFA ) in the 1990s , there has been an increase of improved buildings with better accessibility .
Hence , I agree that the current architectural development in Singapore has helped in the aging process to a certain extent .
But it is only a Guide ; and its applications are not compulsory .
This means that there is no obligations to follow strictly to the guidelines ; in other words , .
In effect , UD does not help in the development of better accessibility for people who are aged .
Therefore , a revised code on Barrier-Free Accessibility In Buildings , which is a 5-year Barrier-Free Accessibility ( BFA ) Upgrading Program ( 2007-2011 ) has been added to support the upgrading of existing buildings .
The current BFA Code focuses on essential requirements confined to handicap features or facilities which are deemed to be of minimum standards essential for its intended use .
Despite this effort , private sectors are still not incorporating desirable features in their designs to help make the buildings in Singapore to be 100 % user-friendly to all intended users because they only meet the basic standards of accessibility needed by a building .
" I agree with this statement to a large extent .
The national budget has always been something that most taxpayers pay much attention to and the planning of the annual expenditure is always a big challenge to meet the ever changing needs of the country .
Public spending on the aged should be limited so that money can be diverted into more important areas of the country 's development , mainly health , education and defense .
Budget allocated to the health sector is essential in every country as reduced healthcare facilities and equipment will lead to reduced productivity as people fall sick and they are unable to receive adequate medical attention .
In the case of Singapore , a total budget of $ 3705 million has been allocated to the Ministry of Health for the financial year 2009 ( Ministry of Finance , 2009 ) .
Some might argue that more money should be allocated to taking care of the elderly as the elderly are more prone to chronic diseases and other health problems .
However , I think that this is an of the elderly issue and is not practical .
It will be much better for the money to be diverted into researching for new medicines and vaccines and improving healthcare facilities . This is more important in the current situation when viruses are getting more adapted to current medications and a pandemic is imminent .
Furthermore , it will also be better if the money is diverted into generating more subsidies for medical charges so that healthcare cost remains affordable for all citizens . This in turn will also benefit the aged as well .
Emphasis should also be placed on the education sector as it is crucial to the country 's development .
Education is fundamental for the nation as it builds the nation 's foundation .
Singapore has spent a large amount of budget on education , roughly $ 8701 million in the financial year 2009 ( Ministry of Finance , 2009 ) .Some people might think that educating the elderly is an important aspect of the nation 's development as it promotes lifelong learning .
However , educating the old will require a considerate amount of money as most of their minds are not as active as the younger ones and they will take a longer time to absorb new knowledge .
The focus should be setting a strong foundation for the young and the working population rather than spending money on the elderly .
Defence is also a major component that we have to place focus on when we talked about the country 's development .
In Singapore , defense has the highest percentage of the budget allocated in Financial Year 2009 , rounding to about $ 11.45 billion , which is about 26.4 % of the national budget ( Ministry of Finance , 2009 ) .Some people might dispute that the aged is a valuable asset as we can tap into their vast experience when it comes to defense .
However , in this fast paced and ever changing society , the experiences of the aged will get more irrelevant and money will be better used if the public spending on the aged can be diverted into defense to maintain peace so that the social and economical sectors of the nation can flourish .
In conclusion , I believe that there is indeed a need for public spending on the aged as the aged are still able to contribute much when it comes to the nation 's development such as through their experiences in life .
However , there have to be a limit as to how much we spend on them so that the money can be diverted into areas like health , education and defense , which are much more important and crucial to the country 's development .
Due to the ageing of the baby-boomers and the lower fertility rates in the first-world countries , the unprecedented problem of a fast ageing population has become the concern of governments and policy makers in the developed world .
And Singapore , as one of the developed countries with one of the fastest growing elderly populations in the world , had around 235,000 elderly aged 65 years old and above ( or7 % of the population ) in 1999 . This figure figure is going to reach 796,000 ( or19 % of the population ) by the year 2030 ( Committee on Ageing Issues , n.d. ) . Therefore , Singapore needs to face this serious challenge and ease the negative impact of an aging population on society .
The final objective of " Successful Ageing for Singapore " ( Committee on Ageing Issues , n.d. ) , which has been brought up by the Committee on Ageing Issues ( CAI ) established in Dec 2004 to represent the various sectors in Singapore , is to ensure that elderly Singaporeans should be healthy , active and secure ; as well as that all levels of society are well prepared to face an ageing Singapore .
To achieve this goal , current research and development , as well as policies have helped to ease the aging process in different fields , like psychology , medicine , etc. Nevertheless , the situation of the fast ageing population in Singapore continues to be challenging , despite the various research and development , and policies .
Although the trend of a fast ageing population is unlikely to be reversed in a short term ; much can still be done to buffer its negative impact on society .
Furthermore , in order to change the mindsets of the elderly , a systematic year-round public education ( PE ) program ( Committee on Ageing Issues , n.d. ) should be conducted , to infuse a culture of personal responsibility and lifelong planning for old age .
With the launching of this PE program , negative attitudes about ageing will be dispelled and active lifestyles and community involvement among older Singaporeans will be promoted This will strengthen intergenerational bonds , allowing the elderly to age with respect and dignity , as well as to lead independent and fulfilling lives as integral members of their families and communities . In the area of medicine , a series of efforts has been implemented .
First of all , the health-care system will be restructured to cater for an aging population in Singapore , as claimed by Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong ( Channel NewsAsia , August 2009 ) .
Second , besides more new hospitals to be constructed , Singapore 's step-down care sector needs improvement too . This sector is largely supported by voluntary welfare organizations ( VWO ) , including community hospitals , nursing homes and home care .
By linking up hospitals with community ones , appropriate care can be given to the the elderly . This reduces the expenditure and releases the beds in the hospital for more acute cases .
In addition ,
Although the whole ageing issue in Singapore could be tackled by no one-off recommendation , .
With every effort put into these strategies , especially current researches and developments/ policies in various areas like psychology and medicine , the ageing process in Singapore could be eased t .
Public spending on the aged has been rising rapidly because people need more health care as they grow older .
Therefore , public spending on the aged should be limited to a certain extent , not only to avoid the high possibility of economic crisis in the near future , but also to divert the resources to other areas such as education and infrastructure development , which are essential for the economic growth of a country .
The increase of public spending on the aged is necessary because of the growing numbers among the aging population .
For example , Peterson states that " elder dependency should be reduced by encouraging later retirement , longer working lives , and lower barriers to elder employment " . ( citation )
Another strategy that he stated would be to emphasize filial obligation and encourage the willingness of tomorrow 's grown children to look after their aged parents , so as to lower government spending on the elderly .
Therefore , public spending on the aged is necessary , but we should not eliminate other possibilities that will ease the spending
In addition , education also plays a crucial role for the wealth and future development of a country .
In addition , it assists us in the development of our virtues and values , and it also cultivates us into mature individuals , who are capable of planning for our futures and taking the correct steps .
When people are well-educated , the advancement of a country 's economy will be promised ( Manali Oak , 2008 ) .
Education at the secondary and tertiary level will prepare students to be efficient when they enter the working society , by equipping them with the necessary knowledge and essential skills .
When the efficiency of the workforce is high , it will benefit the economic growth of the country .
For example , the accumulation of deficit incurred by the American public infrastructure over the past several decades has resulted in a variety of infrastructure bottlenecks-traffic congested roads , clogged ports , and an antiquated air traffic system , which undercut the economy 's efficiency .
This clearly shows that if a country were to neglect its infrastructure development , it will affect the economy greatly .
Infrastructures that are designed and built for tourists will be a significant source of revenue for the country ; hence , appropriate amount of public spending should be incorporated to develop such infrastructures .
For instance , the Infrastructure Development Finance Corporation in New Delhi said that by increasing public investment in infrastructure development , it would then attract more private investment ( PTI , 2006 ) .
This would mean more income will be generated .
The government should divert the money into education to equip the people with the right attitude and working skills , so as to ensure stable economic growth for the country .
Governments should spend sufficiently on infrastructure development because public infrastructure deficit will cause the economy to be less efficient .
On the other hand , public spending in infrastructure development attracts more private investment ; hence generating greater income .
If a country neglects other aspects such as education and infrastructure development , but over focuses on public spending on the aged , its economy will suffer drastically .
An aging process means the process of growing old and getting more matured .
As Singapore is the second fastest aging country in the world " ( Koh ) , The Singapore government has carried out many policies to ease the aging process to ensure that growing old in Singapore will be a satisfying and fulfilling experience .
The government has been focusing mainly on economic policies , which are more effective ways in easing the aging process among Singapore 's population .
One of the government economic policies which is successful is the Central Provident Fund ( CPF ) scheme .
This is a " national social security fund which was established in 1955 as a form of funded retirement savings plan " ( Mehta ) .
Singaporeans are required to deposit a certain amount of their salaries into their CPF accounts .
" Employers are also required to contribute 16 % of the employee 's salary into the employee 's account " ( Mehta ) .
The contribution rates differ according to age and income of between 8 % to33 % .
Compared to other countries , Singapore has a much higher rate of contribution .
Some people might complain that the CPF is ripping away so much of their money that they do not have enough to spend .
However , this is the main purpose of CPF --- to save and reduce on spending .
The high saving rate is to enable the elderly to support themselves in old age and to provide for old-age dependency .
Some other people might say that CPF savings is not enough to provide for their retired lives .
Nonetheless , it is up to the individuals to plan their personal savings for their future as the CPF is just a way to help those who might not have planned their savings for oldage .
This is the intention of the government to protect its people .
.
It was a strategy implemented by the government in September 2002 .
It provides monthly cash out to help pay the out-of-pocket expenses for the care of a severely-disabled person " ( Healthcare Financing - ElderShield ) .
ElderShield is viewing at the increased life expectancy of Singaporeans , which translate to people living longer as compared to in the past . Therefore , one should deposit some savings during the productive years to prepare for old age disabilities .
Some people may think that this scheme is not needed and is a waste of money because they already have their account and they assumed that they will never get severe disabilities .
ElderShield will pay you monthly cash payouts if you become severely disabled for any reason , whereas MediShield helps you pay hospitalization expenses , only if you are admitted to a hospital " ( FAQs on Policies ) .
Looking at this policy , we know that the government is really trying to ease the aging process in the population .
Apart from the two policies above , the government has also implemented the Public/Society Scheme , which acts as a 'safety net ' for elderly Singaporeans .
All in all , though the government economic policies have some flaws , the policies have done much in making the lives of elderly citizens of Singapore easier and more comfortable .
Hence , the government financial policies are successful .
However , the government should limit spending on the aged .
As the country will have a smaller work force in 2030 , the government should invest more money on education to obtain a stronger work force to support the country and the large group of elderly .
" ( Krueger and Lindahl , 2001 ) With more investment in education , the standard of the work force in Singapore will increase .
And each individual worker will receive more income due to the high output and competitiveness of the Singapore work force .
At the same time , better education will not only improve the earning of the work force , but also the moral of the younger generation .
Singapore will not be able to solve the ageing issues if the younger generation of Singapore lacks morals and only puts their focus on themselves .
However , Singapore has already invested a lot of money in education , and by putting more money into education may not have a better outcome .
If Singapore stops her development in education and put her focus mainly on ageing issues , she might lose out in the future .
Thus , investing money in education is relevant and important .
In addition , Singapore needs to invest more in her defense to provide security for her population .
The recent bombings in Indonesian hotels and the escape and recapture of Mas Selamat have shown that Singapore is in danger all the time .
In addition , Singapore needs to build a stronger to prevent serious economic recessions .
Some reports suggest that investing more money on the elderly will benefit the country more , as compared to investing money on defense , which seems to be a waste of resources .
The fact is the importance of defense is hardly felt by the public because the people have been living in a safe environment for too long , and most of them think that Singapore is safe even without the defense system .
So , if the government does not invest enough in a better defense system , Singapore might have serious problems .
Limiting spending on ageing issues help to force society to take responsibility and not to totally rely on the government .
The government needs to help solve ageing issues and plan for the country so that the country will not suffer when crises arrive .
If all the problems have to be solved by the government , then the work load of the government will be extremely heavy .
And when most of the focus and attention of the government are on the ageing issues , the development of the country might be neglected , of which in the long run would ruin the country .
It is understandable that the public and the elderly are worried that if the government does not spend enough on the ageing issues , the elderly will be forgotten by the society .
If the government takes all the responsibilities , the public will take the problem for granted , just like how most of the people take the safety of Singapore as an easy thing to achieve .
Thus , the government should limit spending on aging issues and at the same time , educate the public .
The ageing issues will not be solved in a short period of time .
The ability of the government is limited .
Instead , the public itself should take a major role in ageing issues and work together with the government to solve these long term difficulties .
In Singapore , ageing population is a major issue that the nation has to deal with , considering the fact that 315,800 of the population were at the age of 65 and above in 2008 ( Annex .
A ) ; and that figure will only continue to increase , judging from the constant increment in the median age of our population since 1998
( Statistics 2009 ) . It is clear that public spending on the ageing population is essential .
By placing an unlimited amount of public spending directly targeted at the aged , the government will be neglecting economical , social and political issues which in a way , act as platforms for achieving better living conditions for the aged .
There is absolutely nothing wrong in allocating a bulk of the public funds to the aged .
The yearly Singapore Budget Speech actually recognizes the fact that someone has to make a policy to justify the amount of public spending in peace times or states of emergency
( Gerald P. O'Driscoll , 2002 ) . In addition , from the economic perspective , Singapore will never be a leading nation if there is no control over public spending .
Channeling more funds into the financial world may provide a higher possibility of a better economy , although no single entity till date can guarantee that .
Nonetheless , the government has to seriously consider the fact that a better economy will bring about higher employment rate , higher real income and lower inflation as indicated by the Consumer Price Index , and all these will enable Singaporeans in the workforce to save for the future .
In other words , financial planning , of which Peterson in " A Graying World " states to be a strategy to a new paradigm of ageing , ( Peterson 2001 ) is important . This is when more than 600 financial institutions in Singapore make the country one of the top ten most sophisticated financial markets in the world , according to the World Economic Forum .
( Kei 2009 ) For the government of Singapore to substantiate its standings in the financial markets of the world , it has to continue to provide incentives , which may come from the areas of world-class infrastructures , investment avenues , tourism and trade and those that require a sizeable amount of public spending , in order for the experts in the field to come in .
The government has to groom potential leaders and scholars to understand the importance of financial planning before they can lead and share .
Grooming then , comes in the form of a more sophisticated infrastructure for learning and monetary incentives or aids in the form of scholarships and bursaries .
One should not forget that through the functions of education , the government can increase or influence the citizens ' thoughts and awareness on being socially and morally responsible to the population which include the aged as well .
In addition , the government has to work hand-in-hand with social organizations , like the which helps ethnic groups financially , especially the aged .
In conclusion , we have to consider public spending on the other areas of concerns other than that of an ageing population
" I do not totally agree with the statement .
A country 's developments should be all-rounded but it should not be achieved at the expense of the health care for the elderly in the society .
First and foremost , the elderly are financially vulnerable in the society and need public funding for their health care .
Though Peterson ( 2001 ) maintains that the elderly could depend less on public spending by seeking employment or depending more on their families , such a method of reducing and limiting elder dependency is not feasible .
Being old does not mean the loss of health for the elderly , yet there are social prejudices against the elderly when they seek for employment at their age .
In this competitive age , employers will tend to favour the non-elderly over the elderly as the latter are nearly retired and often associated with diseases .
In addition , people are having lesser , if not , no children these days .
Such a societal trend reduces the possibility of the elderly tapping on filial obligation from their children to support them in future .
Therefore , such unfavourable trends continue to place the elderly in need of public support for their health care .
Where should the limit of public spending on the aged be drawn ?
Peterson ( 2001 ) also argues that " health " should be redefined by the government and that the government should draw a limit to its support for the health care of the aged .
A limit on spending would lead to the imposition of a limit on the range of health care for the aged that would be funded by the public .
In the context of health care , different people require different treatments .
If a certain limit were to be uniformly drawn across the public-funded health care , some elderly could be cut off from the treatment that they need .
Furthermore , the elderly may suffer from diseases which tend to be chronic in nature , like cardiac and rheumatologic diseases .
There should not be a limit on public spending for the health care of the aged . A balance should be struck in providing for the elderly and concomitantly , driving the country 's development .
However , the withdrawal of governmental support in the health care for the aged would shift the responsibilities of looking after the elderly to the families of these aged and burden the development of the country in the long run .
As argued by Friedland and Summer ( 2005 ) , the costs incurred by the families would " end up getting shifted back to the public sector through less direct and often more expensive means " .
Public support for the health of the aged is for a real cause .
Hence , public spending on the healthcare for the aged should be carried out flexibly and should not be viewed as a hindrance to the development and progress of a nation .
In a modern individualistic culture , a person should be conscious and prepared for his post-retirement .
He should strive for independence and accumulate a surplus of wealth for his old age when he is working .
Thus , the emphasis is diverted to other areas of the county 's development so that the country 's economy may grow , and the people will have a much larger income to support either themselves or their parents .
Money should be spent on education , research and growing the country 's economy so that people can have larger income to tap on .
In addition , instead of spending on the aged , policies could be made to encourage higher birth rates and stress the importance of filial piety as a value so that the aged can depend on their children .
In this way , focusing on growing the country 's economy as a mean to help support the aged seems wise .
However , regardless how much the economy is growing , not every person is going to accumulate enough wealth for their old age .
The rich is going to have a wealthy and comfortable life in their post-retirement but the poor is going to struggle with their daily lives paying for the necessary service bills , medical bills and food .
Elderly who are poor and who have no children or whose children have deserted them are only going to live on their depleting savings .
If their savings ran out , they would face difficulty acquiring income as their abated bodies may prevent them from finding a job .
They would end up living on the streets if no help were given to them .
Furthermore , these elderly can not afford expensive medical bills .
Hence , help is heavily needed from the government to keep the poor aged alive .
Everyday provision of living facilities and food is also needed for those who are poor , as we should not leave them on the streets .
Besides , long- term medical bills for chronic diseases are so expensive that they undermine an average income person 's total wealth .
Diseases that are common to old people , such as cancer , kidney failure and diabetes , require long-term medical attention and expensive treatment . As a result , an average income earner would not be able to afford payment even if his income were huge .
While it is very unfortunate to have any of these illnesses , every old person is prone to falling prey to them as their bodies weakened .
While the wealthy could struggle to fight the illness , the average man and below would not be able keep up with the medical bills if no subsidies on medical treatment from the government were given .
The aged have work very hard to develop our country in every way and they deserve a good rest for the rest of their lives .
It 's ethically not right to leave them on the streets or not to relieve them from the unaffordable medical fees , just because they have become incapable of contributing to society .
It is also against human rights to leave a helpless person to be tortured by illnesses and then leave him to die .
Selfishness and cruelly will develop in society when we decide to leave the aged to fend for themselves .
Selfishness undermines unity and cooperation which ultimately will lead to the failure of a society .
Cruelty leads to insensitivity towards death and violence , which may link to increased crime rates .
Hence , if we focused too much on pushing forward our economy and progress and neglect to take care of our aged , we might just lose our values .
By limiting public spending on the aged , there is most likely to be more old people struggling with medical fees .
It is ethically not right and impractical to limit public spending on the aged to spend on other areas of development .
As each year passes , there seems to be an increase on public spending for the aged .
This seems to be a very popular trend , as a lot of developed countries , such as Spain and the United States of America , tend to increase their public spending on the elderly .
Public spending is very essential to a country 's development , and should be utilised sensibly .
Spending on the aged should be limited so that the money can be diverted to other sectors of the country 's development , like public transportation or the army .
Public transportation is one area that could be improved if a country limited its spending on the elderly and raised its spending for the former .
" The privatization of public transport has not delivered the improved service standards nor shorter arrival times , while fares have been increasing based on the justification that being private transport operators , they are not charity and need to make profit for their shareholders .
According to a Singapore census held in 2000 , around 52 % of Singaporeans go to work using public transportation .
That is a staggering figure because over half the population uses public transportation , and yet the conditions are poor and the are high . This seems very unreasonable .
The Government can play a major role in creating a solution to this problem .
If they limited the amount being spent on the elderly , they can use their money to buy back the public transportation , and provide reasonable fares to the public .
Another thing they can do is improve the conditions of the buses .
Pollution is a growing concern to the environment , as observed by Zolla ( 1996 ) : " small land area of the central business district led to severe traffic conditions including congestion , reduced traffic speeds , and environmental problems .
"
Some of the buses used outside the city are fairly old , and unless they are disposed and substituted by newer buses , the environment is in danger .
Another way the government could use public spending more effectively is to spend more on the Ministry of Community Development , Youth and Sports , which is also known as the MCYS .
.
In that way the elderly have their families to look after them .
And if for some reason the younger ones in the family do not help their elders , they can be sued under the " Maintenance of Parents Act , which allows parents to sue their children for financial support .
This policy clearly shows why the government should limit its spending on the elderly , and spread it around to other more useful sectors .
" The island state 's median age will rise from 36 presently to 41 by 2030
Many people would use these figures to support their claims that public spending on the aged should not be limited .
however , it will cause major problems within the country 's health care system .
Even though the elderly continue to get money from the public , they still can not pay their medical bills , nor can their children .
The money should go instead to the country 's health care expenses .
Countries like Sweden and the United Kingdom face no problems when it comes to healthcare , as over 80 % of Health Care expenses are covered by the public funds of both nations .
To conclude , it would be very wise of the government to limit its spending on the aged , and to divert the money to other areas of the country 's development .
There are a lot of sectors more deserving of the money that could be beneficiary to both the young and old , like improving the public transportation in the country .
In the recent years , global aging issues are of significant concern .
If this trend continues , by 2030 , one out of every five Singaporeans will be 65 years old or above .
Over the years , the new researches , developments and policies in Singapore have definitely helped to ease the aging process to a large extent .
And as far as these developments and policies are concerned , ageing workforce and the cost for elderly healthcare are important factors that the government has to look into .
By looking into these factors , the country can greatly decrease the impact of the liabilities these elderly have on the country .
To prevent the older generations from being a burden to younger generations , the Singapore government has come up with several policies and acts which allow the elderly to stay in the workforce for a longer period of time .
Under this act , the minimum retirement age in Singapore is 62 years old , and thus allowing the elderly to stay longer in the workforce .
Firstly , they can accumulate more wealth through their work , of which they can then use it to support themselves in their old age .
Secondly , working provides them with a good environment to maintain and even build up their physical and mental health .
This is made possible through communication with their colleagues , which can help them to stay optimistic .
Thirdly , by working longer , they may also help to ease the financial stress of their family members .
Another worry that arises is the cost for health matters .
To help families in Singapore cope with the extensive treatment cost , the Ministry of Community Development , Youth and Sports ( MCYS ) has come up with services and programmes that provide affordable healthcare and eldercare services .
These facilities mostly cater to the needs of families with financial difficulties .
However , some Singaporeans have the mind set that these services and programmes are not of utmost importance to them as they have their own medisave account to pay for their hospitalization bills .
Some Singaporeans might not think that later retirement is a good idea .
For example , companies might think that it is a burden to hire an elderly worker , as he or she might not be able to cope with the stress and workload .
There are also worries about the health status of the elderly workers .
However , little did they know that the medisave account might be exhausted after a week .
Associate Professor Paulin Straughan said : " One hospitalization , for example , a stroke can set you back at tens of thousands of dollars .
Therefore , without the help and support from welfare organizations such as MCYS , majority of Singaporeans might not be able to handle the high cost incurred for taking care of the elderly .
Without the past contributions from these elderly workers , these companies might not be able to be where they are today .
Therefore , it is important that companies try to retain elderly workers , especially when the Singapore government will provide incentives for them when they do so .
These can be seen from the willingness of people to stay longer in the workforce , and to be enrolled into the services and programmes provided by MCYS .
Ageing issues can be further eased if family members took the initiative to encourage their elderly members to stay longer in the workforce , so that they can contribute more to the society , and help to ease household financial stress . The elderly could also accumulate more wealth , and also stay healthier and wiser .
In the current context , public spending on the aged has been significant , especially in developed countries such as Singapore .
With better education system , there will certainly be more literate women joining the workforce , and this may result in them having late marriages .
We will also expect the life expectancy of people to increase due to better healthcare facilities and technology .
Without any doubt , it will be common to see an increase in the aging population .
As such , governments were pushed to invest resources , especially monetary to solve problems . These may include having a barrier free and accessible environment , a scheme to take care of the elderly and subsidies on the healthcare .
This spending on the aged is necessary but should be limited in order to balance the spending between the aged and the country 's developments on infrastructure , education and skills upgrading .
Infrastructure is one of the areas that the government can develop .
More railway lines can be built to allow easy accessibility from one location to another .
Expanding the railway line will reduce the time spent on traveling .
It focuses on the general public as a whole , which rangesanging from the young to the elderly and handicapped rather than mainly on the aged .
However , as construction is in progress , it often causes high pollution level and is unsightly .
But , the ultimate aim of investing expenditure on such a large scale project is to increase the standard of living of people .
Another instance could be the upgrading of roads to cater to the increasing number of vehicles , and to reduce road congestion .
It also facilitates driving within Singapore by making it smoother and providing alternatives roads , which were lesser as compared to the past .
We may also have noticed that our buildings are often undergoing maintenance and upgrading , as it is part of the government 's scheme to maintain the condition of buildings , minimizing the wear and tear after years and most importantly to create a better environment for the public to live in .
The above mentioned could be another area to which the government can divert their expenditure .
The government can invest in additional amenities in schools , such as gymnasiums ; swimming pools ; and indoor sports halls , so as to provide a conducive environment for the students .
Besides that , expenditure can be channeled into increasing the subsidies in education to encourage people to study .
When people are educated , they will be able to contribute to the workforce in the near future .
Moreover , funds should also be diverted to provide skills upgrading for the workers . For instance , a scheme such as " Skills Programme for Upgrading and Resilience " ( SPUR ) was introduced to improve and upgrade the workers ' skills .
The aim was to increase the employment rate by encouraging retrenched people or the elderly to improve and upgrade themselves on the necessary and essential skills to continue to stay in the workforce .
However at times , people may be reluctant to take up such programmes which they perceive as useless .
It is a fact that if the elderly were employed , they would be able to support themselves with their savings .
In order to achieve that , the elderly workers must consistently upgrade themselves to keep up with the existing demands of their jobs , as employers are looking for the most cost effective resource for the organization .
Thus , this not only benefits the general public but also the aged .
In conclusion , although money spent on the elderly can ease the problem of an aging population , it is only effective for a short term and is not a feasible solution .
It will only create more reliance on the government .
Therefore , we should take into consideration the problems that we will encounter in the long run .
By investing enormously in the aged , other areas of developments for the country will be neglected , and this will result in more social problems .
Hence , spending on the aged should be restricted so that resources can be divided equally based on the needs of the various sectors .
There should be a limitation on public spending for the aged .
Over the years , the expenditure on the aged has relatively increased due to a shift towards an aging population .
This is mainly due to the increasing needs of healthcare and welfare services for the elderly .
Should more public spending be used to cater for the ageing population ?
We need to consider other sectors development for the country .
Providing better healthcare and welfare services is more important than before due to the ageing population .
Policies change over time according to the needs of the elderly .
As people are enjoying higher life expectancy today , more spending is expected to provide better healthcare facilities and other services for the aged .
It is observed that in certain countries that are faced with aging population problem , there is an significant increase in hospitalization rates as well as physician services over the years .
However , the increased health costs should not be borne solely by the government .
People are more educated and can work longer to support themselves today .
Furthermore , to stimulate economic growth , the government needs to work out carefully the national budget allocated different sectors in the country .
Therefore , we need to consider other government expenditures such as education , infrastructure as well as research and evelopment ( R&D ) .
Education spending has always been looked upon as a significant matter in the government 's agenda .
Finance Minister Tharman Shanmugaratnam said that " despite the recession , the government will upgrade both the 'hardware ' and 'software ' of the education system "
[ ( Tan , 2009 ) .
Retrieved September 15 , 2009 from http : //www.straitstimes.com/Breaking + News/Singapore/Story/STIStory_329588.html ] There should be sufficient funds set aside to provide updated facilities for schools , as well as to maintain the quality of the teaching force .
By ensuring that the younger generations are well educated , we would be assured of achieving growth and stability for the nation .
Thus , public expenditure on education should never be overlooked .
The government should also focus its spending on developing infrastructure .
The government will increase public sector construction spending to between $ 18 billion and $ 20 billion in 2009 .
As the economy thrives , infrastructure such as commercial buildings , bridges , roads and rails are developed constantly .
Infrastructure reflects how developed a country is and enables people and goods move about quickly .
For instance , the transportation network in Singapore is always developing to provide citizens with top grade transportation as far as possible .
A recent development will be the introduction of the Circle Line to the existing MRT network .
Iconic infrastructure developments are the Integrated Resort ( IR ) and casino , which aimed at attracting foreign investment and tourist attraction .
The remaking of housing estates is seen in various estate renewal programmes such as Home Improvement Programme ( HIP ) and Lift Upgrading Programme ( LUP ) .
Expanding infrastructure spending reflects a country 's economic favourably and helps in more foreign investment .
For example , the South Korean government plans to increase investment in research and development by more than 10 percent a year in 2010 .
Retrieved on September 16,2009 from http : //english.people.com.cn/90001/90778/90858/90863/6639500.html ] Many people see science and technology as a longtime investment and thus expenditure on R&D has not been affected even in the current economic crisis .
Singapore will become a biomedical hub that is globally competitive and will also turn into a trusted centre for scientific and related commercial activities .
Investment in R&D boosts economic growth , increases productivity and generates new product to improve the quality of lives .
The needs of a country will constantly change according to the fluctuation of the economy .
Even though public spending on the aged has increased due to the shift towards an increasingly population , there should be a limit on this spending so as to divert the assets for developing other areas .
The educated aged group should also be able to plan for themselves in terms of healthcare and social services .
The proportion of public spending on various sectors should be divided properly in order to promote economic growth and maintain a sustainable development for the country .
Governments have thought of many measures to help improve the aging population situation .
They have invested time and money to research on policies that can help solve the aging population crisis .
Since such a trend is likely to happen in the short run , much has been done to buffer its negative impact on society .
Therefore , I agree to a large extent , that current research developmentand policies have helped to ease the aging process .
Demographic changes such as a growing population will have serious consequences on health issues in developed countries .
To deal with such challenges , governments have only two options , and one of which is to reduce the future old-age dependency burden by increasing available resources .
By lowering the barriers and making it easier for the elderly to be employed , more elderly people would have jobs and would be able to generate income for the country .
Therefore , the government has been granting permanent residency ( PR ) status and citizenships more freely than before , as well as providing incentives such as tax rebates to attract foreign companies to invest in Singapore 's economy .
Secondly , healthcare for the society is very important .
However , some may argue that the topic on " health " is very subjective as everyone 's body condition is very different .
Therefore they argue that more and more money would be spent on researching new technologies to cure illnesses .
However , research has shown that for many diseases like diabetes , kidney failure , heart diseases and so forth , the chances of recovery are much higher if the disease were diagnosed in the early stages .
In conclusion , I feel that no matter how much research is being done , it will not completely solve the aging problem .
Only by having more children will the burden be spread over a larger and more affluent future generation .
Therefore , I conclude that although current research and development and policies have helped to ease the aging process to a large extent , they have not managed to fully solve the problem .
With the decline of fertility rate in recent years , statistics have shown that in Singapore , the ratio of younger persons aged 15-64 to every resident aged 65 and above fell from 10.4 in 1998 to 7.5 in 2009 .
As a result , Singapore will face the dangers of an aging population .
Hence , public spending on the aged will increase .
At the same time , with the rising economy , national expenditure would eventually increase .
In recent decades , academic debate has centered upon gauging the effect of modernization or industrialization on levels of familial support .
" ( Cowgill and Holmes , 1972 ) . This would indicate that the government should be prepared to meet the need of welfare services for the aged .
For instance , facilities such as Day Care Centres and Old Folks Homes will be in high demand as the ratio of the elderly to the younger generation is higher in the near future .
In the long run , if the government focused only on the development of the country and neglected the aged , it will result in economic inequality of " the poor getting poorer , the rich getting richer " concept .
This would cause the people to lose their motivation to work harder for the country , as well as their belief in filial piety which is commonly known in Asia .
In Singapore , the government has strongly upheld the belief that familial support of the elderly is ideal , but if the individual family could not handle their aged , the government would have to interfere to help .
However , focusing solely on the aged population would not be the best approach .
This is because there is still a need to contribute to the country 's economic growth to sustain the well-being of its people .
This would decrease the percentage of them being sick and also help them to build healthier and happier lifestyles .
However , too much help from the government can lead to its people being too dependent on the government .
This would result in the lack of motivation to work .
Therefore , the government can introduce policies to encourage its people to invest in their future during the early stages of their lives .
In conclusion , public spending on the aged should have a limit .
This would not only benefit the nation 's development but also improve its the well-being of its people .
Furthermore , better education for the younger generation would lead .
Due to the advancement in technologies and the implementation of efficacy policies by the Singapore government , the problems that accompanied the aging process have been alleviated to a large extent .
Take for instance , in the past , due the lack of current research and developments available , most elderly who were diagnosed with illnesses were unlikely to recover and in most cases , they would have to stay in bed for the rest of their lives .
Furthermore , in the past , elderly spinsters and bachelors of whom they have no family members to turn to in their old age , often faced financial problems after they have stopped working .
However , unlike the past , most elderly now are coping well with the aging process physically , economically and mentally .
As indicated in the statistics pertaining to the health status of the senior citizens ( National Survey of Senior Citizens , 2005 ) , it is stated that " among senior citizens aged 55 and above , only 35.8 % reported to have a clean bill of health .
" As such , it would seem that despite the great advancement in the area of medical technologies , a substantial percentage of the elderly is still suffering from medical ailments such as high blood pressure , bone or joint problems , diabetes and sight problems .
This may suggest that the current medical technologies have not helped to ease the aging process .
On a closer look , although the present medical technologies may not be able to slow down the aging process , these technologies may help to prevent medical ailments from occurring and also in some cases , alleviate the sufferings which the elderly have to go through .
For example , the invention of high blood pressure and diabetes monitors helped people , especially the elderly to be more aware of and to be more able to monitor their own health conditions .
With proper medication , the 2 medical ailments would have a lower probability to lead to kidney damage . The treatment of this illness is more difficult than the common ailments .
As such , the advancement in medical technologies have shown to ease the aging process through medical innovations that prevent common ailments from exacerbating into serious illnesses .
Although , in today 's context , around 66 % of the senior citizens aged 55 and above are provided with regular cash contributions from their children ( National Survey of Senior Citizens , 2005 ) , there is still a significant number of senior citizens who faced financial difficulties in their old age , especially if these senior citizens are retired singles .
Furthermore , besides ensuring that the elderly will have sufficient funds for their living expenses after their retirement , the Singapore government also ensures that the elderly are able to cope with the hefty and long term medical expenses in their old age through the implementation of policies such as the Eldershield ( Healthcare Financing , year ) .
" ElderShield is an affordable severe disability insurance scheme which provides basic financial protection to those who needs long-term care , especially during old age
" ( citation ) . Thus , the elderly will be able to draw on the monthly payout to aid in paying for his or her long-term care expenses .
Lastly , the grieving process ( Old Adult Mental Wellbeing , Health Promotion Board , year ) is part and parcel of the aging process whereby for the elderly , it is more common for them to lose their family members and friends in their old age and thus , this makes each single loss even more unbearable .
However , with the current developments and advanced medical help available , these sufferings would be reduced .
For instance , one such facility development of which the elderly would be able to seek help from would be the REACH Elderly Care Centre , where the elderly would be able to receive day care , supervision and supportive help .
In addition , the place also serves to offer ample opportunities for the senior citizens to mingle with other people and take on meaningful activities so that they would be healthier both mentally and physically .
Furthermore , with the advancement in medical sciences , the elderly can also seek professional help such as consulting the therapists and psychologists to assist them in getting over the grieving process , if the intensity of the grief does not fade off after a long period of time .
As such , with the different types of facilities and medical developments available , the elderly no longer have to suffer in silence .
It is ironic that how everybody wants to have longer life expectancy but yet , no one wants to grow old .
Nevertheless , the aging process is an unavoidable , undesirable , problem-ridden phrase of life that we are required to go through .
However , with the advancement of technologies and implementation of effective policies , the problems associated with the aging process are eased to a large extent. .
With the help of the technologies and various , the elderly would definitely be able to better manage their lives in old age .
The Singapore population comprises its citizens and permanent residents .
Between the year 1947 and 1964 , approximately 1 million babies were born .
.
These baby-boomers will reach 65 years old by 2012 and form the largest aged population that Singapore has ever experienced .
Singapore is a developed country where the government has already spent millions on the country 's development .
Singapore 's government has invested millions of dollars over the years to ensure that Singapore grows as a modern and sophisticated city .
The government has pumped money into various areas such as the transportation system , infrastructure , education , technology , health and welfare benefits for its people .
The government uses these developments to boost the economy .
Singapore 's transportation system is well-known to be one of the best in the world .
Almost all parts of Singapore are very accessible by road .
The government promotes tertiary education to acknowledge its importance .
As one of the developed countries in the world , Singapore has only its citizens as its resource .
Although the standard of living in Singapore has increased , Singapore citizens are able to cope with it .
This is because the government provides subsidies to the people in housing , healthcare and education .
With these developments , Singapore has produced a skilled workforce and an and efficient infrastructure . These developments attract many foreign investors to this country .
Factors which have attracted the MNCs to do business here is a corruption- free government .
Hence , MNCs feel safe and secure to trade and set up businesses in Singapore .
In fact , the strategy used by Singapore 's government has proved to be a success . For instance , The economy has shown growth that averaged at 8.0 % between 1960 and 1999 to 9.9 % in 2000 .
There is not much that the government needs to spend on developing the nation .
With a skilledworkforce , advanced facilities and infrastructure , as well as with the presence of MNCs , Singapore 's economy is expected to grow in years to come .
The issue is to maintain them .
Now the government should focus on sustaining and maintaining all these developments that are already in existent .
Furthermore , land is scarce in Singapore .
Knowing that the baby-boomers would reach 65 years old by 2012 , the government should invest on them .
This is necessary because if the baby boomers started to pull their money out of the banks and the stock market , it will affect the total government spending .
They may not be able to pay taxes if they have lost their jobs and thus , the government should consider spending its funds wisely .
It should be aware of issues that Singapore will be facing in years to come .
Thus , this would allow to remain employable .
By working longer , baby boomers could accumulate savings for retirement and share their and experience with the society .
More funds are required to encourage later retirement .
It is only through upgrading of skills and knowledge that the effectiveness of elderly employees would be increased .
Although the elderly are prone to illnesses and more funds are for them as compared to the younger employees in an organisation , they have the experience to guide the younger employees .
Due to a fast-paced and stressful working environment , the elder generations would not be motivated to extend their stay in the workforce .
Although the elderly could only do the minimum for the society and the country , they made up a higher percentage of the population and should not be ignored .
There is a need to develop a sense of urgency over the ageing population issue .
In shaping Singapore 's economy , the government should not neglect the social issues associated with an ageing population .
According to the Singapore Department of Statistics , Singapore resident population has grown older with the median age of resident population rising from 35 years old in 2003 to 36.4 years old in 2007 .
The proportion of elderly person in Singapore aged 65 years and above increased from 7.4 per cent in 2003 to 8.5 per cent in 2007 , making it the second fastest ageing population in the world after Japan .
The increase in life expectancy and decline in fertility are the two main causes of an ageing population .
Singapore is concerned with the growth of an ageing population because many older persons have minimal or no income .
Public spending on the aged should not be limited , though other aspects of public spending should not be compromised too . This is to maximize spending on the aged .
The burden on an average working class adult has increased with yearly inflation and higher standards of living .
Pressure on the working population will be exceptionally high which may in turn cause social problems .
Therefore , health care for the aged should be included as part of the public expenditure fund , to lighten the burden of the working population .This is an investment that should not be overlooked .
The elderly often find themselves abandoned by their children , and this is due to a greater emphasis on individualism among the younger generation . This has eroded traditional values such as filial piety .
Hence , the government can intervene by supporting the elderly using public spending to make sure that they are self-sufficient .
These include day care centres , wheelchair-friendly access , subsidies for medical costs and transport .
Having established that public spending on the aged should not be limited , other aspects of government spending , however , should not be neglected .
Money could be diverted to tourism and military uses , as these may be crucial areas that require public spending .
According to the Singapore Tourism Board , Singapore achieved a record of 9.7 million visitors in 2006 , from 8.9 million in 2005 , and is hoping to achieve a target of 17 million visitors by 2015 .
In order to achieve the target , Singapore has recently invested a substantial amount of money into the development of the two integrated resorts in order to remain competitive among Asian countries and other popular tourist attractions .
The Integrated Resort is one of the many strategies that Singapore adopts to generate more economic growth and boost the country 's Gross Domestic Product ( GDP ) .
Compared to the many areas of development , military defense is among one of the important because it serves as a deterrent to protect a country 's sovereignty .
Money spent on purchasing weapons and armours is necessary to ensure that the military men of the nation are well-equipped in an event when war occurs .
In addition , money could also be expended on local or overseas training to ensure that the military men are trained with relevant knowledge to defend the country .
In conclusion , public spending on the aged should not be limited .
Instead , the government should allow its public spending on the aged to hover at certain percentage .
In this materialistic world where we live in , when something loses its value , it will be forgotten .
Many elderly are neglected by their children and have become homeless .
There was case of a daughter who cheated her mother into selling her apartment and taking away the money , leaving her mother homeless on the street .
The National Welfare Association will lessen the burden of neglected elderly by providing shelters for them in Old Folks Home .
However , such approaches will not remove the root cause of the problem .
In addition , it will generate the idea that it is okay not to look after the elderly as the government will step in and provide the elderly a to stay .
This will only encourage more infilial children to neglect their elderly parents .
Hence , sustainable solutions to the aging problem start with the children who are supposed to be taking care of them .
The root cause starts with children who have no wish to take care of their parents .
Japan is known to have many homeless elderly and by analyzing the country ' performance , it is known that Japan has the highest expenses among many countries .
Besides the cultural aspect , this gives us a slight indication that the people there may have problem handling their finance .
In Singapore , this is especially true for people who fall under the sandwich generation that have to pay for the expenses of their children and parents .
Taxpayers ' money can be used to generate more jobs and higher income for the people , resulting in better economic growth .
In this way , the children will have better financial means to take care of their parents .
Educating the society on aging issue helps in the long run .
Just like isues such as smoking and yellow ribbon , the issue of aging should be highlighted in the country .
This approach not only brings awareness to the people , but also educates the people on what will happen to the elderly when they are being neglected .
Understanding the issue will change the way the society thinks about aging elderly , taking it to the level of humanity instead of practicality .
Laws should also be implemented to help control the issue of the elderly being neglected .
Fine should be made on families that neglect their parents .
Laws should not be made severe , as there are also many reasons to why one has to neglect their elders .
Issues like financial problems and time allowance may prevent one from taking care of their elderly .
.
In this way , the welfare of the elderly will be taken care of by their families and the number of homeless elderly will be lessened .
In a nutshell , public spending should be wisely used to provide aids to the elderly .
Instead of giving help directly to the elderly , the government should tackle the root of the problem by getting the people to take care of their elderly parents .
This can be done by improving on the economy , educating the young on the importance of taking care of the elderly and implementing laws .
These approaches may not produce immediate effects , but they are useful for the future generations .
I strongly agree with the sixth strategy which encourage people to provide for their own old-age dependency .
That is also why so many countries are engaged in setting up effective systems to encourage or compel people to save money for later use .
For instance , China has developed a system which requires people to turn over some money every year according to individual income and willingness .
This policy has been implemented smoothly , since both the government and citizens can benefit from it .
It not only lightens the burden of government but also gives a sense of security to the citizens .
To a certain extent , it can also inspire individual enthusiasm for work .
However , some people insist that the government should take responsibility in looking after the old people by increasing their pensions and promoting the funding of programs for the elderly , for the elderly have contributed to the development of their countries and deserved the care and respect .
From my perspective , it may not be practical , especially for developing countries with large population .
It can not solve the problem effectively , and may also lead to the economy being subjected to increasing pressure .
All in all , encouraging people to set aside some money for themselves is the wisest method .
Due to an increase in the standard of living , better medical treatment is available and this has caused the life expectancy of the people to increase .
Hence , for a small country such as Singapore of which human resource is the key factor to success , it is important that the citizens constantly upgrade themselves with the latest knowledge .
Therefore , the government should devote more capital to ensure that the education system remain relevant in today 's dynamic global economy .
This certainly seems to be more important than pouring money into public spending for the elderly .
Some may say that it is more important for a country to have an excellent research and development sector than healthy , happy senior citizens .
Research and development plays an important role in the innovation process which results in high quality products and successful businesses .
Research and development will very likely increase the levels of overseas investment as foreign multinational companies will see the country as a good place for business .
A strong education system and a strong research and development sector in a country that is not unified and chaotic will not be able to reap the benefits that they are supposed to generate .
Thus , public spending on the elderly does provide important benefits to the country and should not be limited .
Lastly , a country that does not take care of its elderly sufficiently runs the risk of having its younger population abandoning it and migrating to other countries .
Majority of them would think that their hard work have not paid off .
They have worked so hard to contribute to the economy but the government does not provide sufficient care for them when they are old .
Hence , no more future leaders will be staying back to help the country to boost the economy and run the country .
Therefore , public spending on the elderly should still be continued in the form of financial policies and benefits .
In conclusion , we should not see the elderly as a burden but an asset .
Even though other sectors such as education and research and development are important to us , we should not forget our earlier contributors .
They are the ones who build up a nation from the basic to what we have now .
Therefore , we must be grateful to those who have helped us and created a sense of belonging to everyone .
In this way , younger generation will then work harder for the nation in future .
The baby boom in the 1960s and the current low fertility rate in Singapore has made Singapore into one of the fastest aging population in the world .
Living expenditure for the elderly has increased in terms of rising medical costs and standard of living .
The people are the assets of Singapore and they have contributed to the country 's strong economic position .
The improvement in medical research has lengthened the life expectancy of the people .
However , longer life spans will inevitably incur a larger amount of long term health care expenses for the aged and the deterioration of physical mobility and communication might cause them to lose the ability to work and be self-sustained .
The situation is worse for a segment of the elderly who are unmarried and inadequately educated .
They stand in the least advantageous position should there be a limit on public spending on the aged because they do not have families to depend on and the depletion of their savings will eventually result in starvation and homelessness .
Moreover , without the government 's support for the elderly , the burden of caring for these elderly will fall solely on the " sandwich generation " of individuals who will be financially responsible for their family , children and parents .
Hence , there is a need for the government to intervene by using part of the public funds to care for the aged population and ease the burden on the working population .
Singapore has invested much of our public spending on the other areas of the country 's development , like defence and the economy .
Although these areas of development are necessary for the development of Singapore , we should not neglect the importance of public spending for the aged .
By providing more for the elderly and improvising health care polices , the government can actually improve the living conditions of the aged , which will in turn reduce possible social issues .
Furthermore , if the government can maintain social stability in its country , it may then focus on the other aspects , such as defence .
Such coordination between the working population and the government will benefit the aged who are concerned with the provision of welfare from the state and this will give them a sense of security .
An ageing population is a worldwide issue that is faced by all countries .
As a population gets older there are social , political and economical impact on everyone .
The social impact would be that people have to work harder because the younger generations have to be more productive to make up for the elderly 's low productivity .
An aging population will have a serious consequence on health issues in developed nations because more medical support will be needed by the elderly .
It will hinder the countries ' growth in the long run because more tax payers ' money will be used for public spending on the aged .
However , public spending should be diverted to other areas of the countries ' development , like the economy and the technological sector , which may help in prolonging and enhancing the quality of life for the elderly .
Investing in economic growth will reduce the stress on the younger generation as more jobs will be will be available .
More businesses will start and more jobs will be created , which means more people will be employed . Thus , there will be more income tax , which means more government funds to help support the elderly .
When more work is available , more people will be able earn and save more , and this means that the standard of living for the working people will improve and they will be able to support the elderly as they are more affluent .
An increase in economic growth will also mean that people are earning more , and thus there will be an increase in the taxes which will be used in providing better medical support to the elderly . Thus , this will provide for both the working people and the elderly .
Investing in technology in the form of research and development will allow medical advancement as well as better facilities for medical cares .
New drugs or medicine will be available for the sick elderly and more cures for diseases and sickness will be available to help the elderly This may reduce the stress on the working force in the sense that they do n't have to worry about their elderly parents .
New technology or medicine to prolong and enhance the quality of life will be available for the elderly and this will reduce the stress on the working force and in return increase its productivity as they are more focused at work and they are able to spend more time at work .
.
This will allow for better economical growth for the country , which in turn means more funds for the government to spend on the elderly .
Investing in the social welfare of working adults by providing better qualities of life and better living standards will help to reduce their stress and allow them to provide better for the elderly .
Some of the facilities provided by the Singapore government were park connectors near working industries and central business district . This allows working people to enjoy working and still have a good quality of life .
This helps to encourage working people to work and play better and gives them a better standard of living .
In conclusion , public spending on the aged should be limited and the money should be diverted to the other areas of the countries ' development , like economic growth , research and development and the welfare of the people . This will allow the people to solve their own financial problem and allow the government to invest and provide for other areas of the country 's development .
Politicians and law-makers are often debating on how much money should be spent on each sector of the country .
However , there are other areas that require cash inflow to facilitate and push the society forward .
Such areas include the military sector , the security sector , the education sector , the research and development sector , etc .
When one grows old , his body will go through many and soon , he will not be as fast or agile as he was before .
The government steps in to make the environment more user-friendly , which includes the installation of handrails along steps and stairs , the building of gentle slopes around the housing estates and the upgrading of lifts to stop at every floor in older flats .
The elderly become more vulnerable to illnesses and diseases as they age and it would take a much longer for them to recover , unlike during their younger days .
Rising medical costs and inflation would pose a problem for the aged , even for those who had prepared an amount of savings for their golden years .
The government would get involved once again to provide subsidies for the elderly in medical bills and so on .
Terrorism is a growing threat today as it is getting more complicated to understand the terrorists and fight them .
More research and studies would have to be done to learn about them , their thinking and their actions and how one should be prepared to fight against them .
As terrorism spreads , from the bombing of the Twin Towers in United States of America ( NYDailyNews , ) to the Mumbai attacks ( Mail Online , ) , one could see it is becoming much tougher to fight it in the future .
Other than relying on the police and the military forces , the government has to educate the public on the dangers of terrorism and the importance in preventing them .
Thus the need to divert reserves into this area of development is very important .
In Singapore 's context , education starts when a child enters pre-school or kindergarten l .
Government spending in the education sector has been growing each year .
This is due to increasing expenses for the needs to hire teachers and provide subsidized education for the public .
Such costs do not stop once a child leaves secondary school .
If he furthers his studies , more spending will be sustained .
Emphasizing on continual learning and skills upgrading for older workers will help them to remain competitive in the workforce .
For instance , the Skills Programme for Upgrading and Resilience ( SPUR ) ( NTUC Learning Hub , SPUR ) is introduced to employers to encourage them to send their workers to these trainings .
Such courses and workshops are relatively expensive to conduct and thus , the government 's efforts to subsidize them will encourage more workers to upgrade themselves .
This could also keep the older generation longer in the economy and provide for themselves for more years to come , instead of relying on the government , which may in turn , reduce the need to spend on the elderly .
Clearly , spending on the aged is important .
Educating the youth who are our future pillars of support , would equip them with skills so that they can handle potential problems , which in turn could support the elderly population in the future .
Education for the older generation would also help the economy as they will remain competitive and up-to-date with the relevant skills and are able to support themselves for a much longer period of time .
As shown , preventive measures against terrorism is a cost effective way to counter them instead of dealing with the aftermath of an attack .
As the saying goes : " it 's better to be safe than sorry " .
Singapore was ranked third for the highest life expectancy in the world .
Before taking any action , leaders must first realise that any further expansion of retirement benefits would only impoverish future generations and limit future public spending ( Peterson , P.G .
Therefore , I agree that public spending on the aged should be limited so that funds can be diverted to other areas like the Ministry of Finance , Education , Health and National Development .
Each area must not be neglected , as they have significant contributions in taking care of the aging population .
Firstly , for the Ministry of Finance in Singapore , funds must be pumped into the economy to ensure solvency of the country .
For instance , the Monetary Authority of Singapore ( MAS ) and the Inland Revenue Authority of Singapore ( IRAS ) are established to make sure that entities operating within Singapore are attuned to international standards and practices .
All these statutory boards and institutions require funds to run their operations to ensure Singapore 's competitiveness .
.
For example , funds are needed to build good infrastructure and facilities for academic purposes .
After all , the younger generations represent the future of Singapore and they will soon be the ones taking care of the aged .
Funds are also needed to provide effective educational programs to ensure that the young are equipped with fine skills to cope with the demands of the society .
Funds are also needed to educate the young on moral values because moral values are the corner stone of an individual 's character and personality .
Thirdly , funds are needed for the Ministry of Health to ensure that the rising demand of healthcare services for the general public is met .
For example , as mentioned by our Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong ( National Day Rally Speech , 2009 ) , hospitals like Khoo Teck Puat Hospital and Jurong General Hospital will be built to meet the rising demand of increased patients .
Funds from the government are also needed to aid voluntary welfare organizations .
More acute cases could be handled by hospitals and the patients who are less serious can recuperate at home with their families . This in turn is also a cheaper alternative for the patients to cope with the rising healthcare cost .
However , if public spending on the aged is not limited , more financial aid could be given to them , and this in turn will lessen the burden of the younger generation to provide for the elderly .
Lastly , funds are needed for the Ministry of National Development to develop housing policies and to build national parks and neighbourhood parks .
For the former , housing grants , subsidies , CPF schemes are used to ensure that the public could afford a flat .
Funds are also needed to build handicap facilities , for instance , ramps and the Lift Upgrading Program ( LUP ) .
It could be a place for all the residents in the neighbourhood to come together to interact , exercise and make friends .
This would help prevent them from experiencing loneliness and also serve as a channel for the residents to communicate and help each other in times of need .
Therefore , after considering all the factors , I agree that public spending on the aged should be limited as other factors are equally important , such as taking care of the public and ensuring international competiveness and progress of the nation .
Each factor has its own way of contributing to society as a whole and the elderly will benefit directly or indirectly from the developments as well .
Public spending must be cost effective to ensure a steady rate of returns from its investments to allow the country to develop and prosper .
Sufficient public funds are needed to develop different areas of the country which include social , economical , defence and government administration .
To ensure that there are sufficient funds for the country 's development , public spending on the aged should be limited .
In order for the country to develop , funds are needed in the retraining of the workers , expansion of the economic structure and maintenance of a high standard of education in various educational institutions .
Firstly , funds are needed in retraining the workers .
Due to globalization , the training of workers is important to develop and maintain a highly skilled workforce .
The Singapore Budget ( 2009 ) reported that the government will be spending $ 457.7 million of public fund to subsidise training programmes for working Singaporeans .
In Singapore , the Ministry of Manpower and Workforce Development Agency have developed a program called Skills Programme for Upgrading and Resilience or SPUR , to provide training courses at subsidized rate .
Apart from helping population to be re-skilled , SPUR also helps retrenched workers to learn new skills so that they can be reemployed and companies are able to send their personnel for training which helps to reduce retrenchments .
However , there are some older workers who are unable to attend any courses despite being to them at subsidized rates .
Dr Isa Hassan ( citation ) identified three factors on why older workers are not attending any courses .
Firstly , some older workers have weak command of English or are English illiterates as they are school dropouts .
This has discouraged them from attending the training course as it is conducted in English .
Some older workers are earning minimal wages , and thus they have to take a second or part time job to boost their income earning .
Lastly , the older workers are resistant toward going back to school to be re-skilled .
Some older workers may feel embarrassed or dislike going back to school at an old age .
Secondly , government expenditure is needed to expand and maintain the economic structure .
The Singapore Budget ( 2009 ) has reported that the Ministry of Transport and the Ministry of Trade and Industry will be spending a total of $ 4624.83 million on expanding the road network , railway network and developing the industrial infrastructure in Singapore .
Having an excellent infrastructure like an efficient transportation network , will attract foreign investors . This will turn the country into an industrial hub .
The World Bank reported that Singapore had earned the top position of having a top logistic hub in the world .
As a result , the country is able to maintain its economic competitive edge , as well as to create more jobs for the people and enjoy higher standard of living .
Lastly , public spending is required to maintain a high standard of education in various educational institutions .
Investing in education is like investing in the future , so that the future generations are able to meet future challenges .
In Singapore , the government invests heavily on education through subsidising school fees .
In the Singapore Budget ( 2009 ) , the Ministry of Education is investing $ 7,884 million in subsidising school fees .
This is to ensure that school fees are affordable and every citizen is allowed to receive a proper education .
In conclusion , public spending on the aged should be limited so that funds could be used in developing the country through the retraining of workers , expansion of economic structure and maintenance of a high standard of education in various educational institutions .
Funds being used for the country 's development would benefit both the young and old .
The process of gaining knowledge is of paramount importance in developing countries as it would reduce the level of poverty and increase the ability of their people to find quality jobs .
In this way , wealth would be generated and the economy would improve .
Yet , one can not deny the fact that a shortage of educated people would restrict economic expansion .
Thus , it is crucial for countries to invest in a form of education that is desirable for its people to ensure greater economic development .
Through the processes of upgrading , individuals are empowered with the relevant skills and knowledge demanded by the job market .
Nonetheless , it could be refuted that this might promote job hopping .
However , the funding of training programmes should still proceed as it would increase the productivity and capability of the working population in handling any challenges that might surface in the future .
In recent times , terrorists have access to sophisticated technologies that could create greater destruction to the surroundings and are able to instil fear in the people .
In this way , military forces would then be armed with the latest equipment to maintain their fighting capabilities .
For example , the Australian Chamber of Commerce and Industry ( 2000 ) stated that 13 million dollars are spent on national security yearly even though it places an immense pressure on the federal budget .
Therefore , continual support on national defence is important to ensure peace and harmony within the society .
In conclusion , nations should be careful in deciding the amount of money to be spent on each area of development .
Funds should not be spent solely on the elderly as it would hinder the growth of other areas like education , trainings and national security .
As the proportion of elderly persons in the world continues to increase , there is a need for the government to intervene as there will be many elderly who can not support themselves .
Through cutting spending on the aged , the funds can be used in solving problems faced by society and help to relieve the pressure faced by the current working force .
It will need to focus on areas such as education and reduce elder dependency .
The government can also lower barriers to elder employment and stress filial obligation ( Robert B. Friedland and Laura Summer , 2005 ) .
The government will need to spend some money on retraining the elderly to equip them with the necessary skills for the jobs .
Though there may be uncertainties about the results , it is still important to limit public spending on the aged so that some money can still be diverted to other important areas .
Different countries will need to have different solutions specially tailored to fit their own countries and public spending should be split evenly .
Unfortunately , these schemes have not seemed to have appealed to appeal to the vast majority as the birth rate still remains stagnant .
Therefore , having an ageing workforce might not necessarily be negative .
In an ageing society , the social aspects not only include the need for appropriate housing schemes but also health care systems for present and future generations of elderly .
An elderly-friendly built environment is a key principle to which the elderly elderly can adjust and integrate themselves into the community .
For instance , accessible infrastructure provides a safe and comfortable environment for the elderly to use in their their old age .
Hence , with these schemes , it is proven that the elderly in Singapore are given top priority in the community .
Needless to say , the nation would have problems to support the increasing spending on the elderly in a bearish economy .
Thus it is important for the nation to divert our public spending with the aim of improving the economy .
Just like the elderly are an important asset to a nation , children are an also important asset .
The nation can help the younger generation by diverting its fund on other areas .
Therefore , funds should be diverted to assist children 's development .
But there is a need to remember that not all people can fully support themselves for training programs .
The three reasons provided explain why public funds on elderly should be limited and diverted to other areas of development .
Although the elderly are an important asset , they are not the only asset a nation has .
There will be great age shift between now and 2030 as the proportion of residents aged sixty-five or older will increased gradually ( , 2009 ) .
With regard to the problems , many countries focus much attention on it by introducing policies or by giving out funds in order to reduce the problems caused by the ageing population .
Public spending should be used to provide more options and protection for the elderly .
However , it would be better if the expenses used on the aged is limited so that there will be sufficient funds available for other areas of the country 's development .
This may result in greater productivity among the workers as they tend to be more committed to their work ( , 2009 ) .
The Government may also spend the amount in development where it can attract foreign talents to the country to solve the problems of manpower shortage .
In addition , it is the responsibility of the elderly as well as the working people to plan financially for their future ( , 2001 ) .
During their contribution to the working world , the aged should be able to plan ahead for their future on the likely costs incurred for health care services .
If public spending is not limited , the aged or the working people may take the aids provided by the government for . Thus they may not work hard during their contribution to the working world .
In order to solve this problem , the government has implemented certain policies to aid the aged . Some of the policies are the introduction of the Central Provident Funds , tax reliefs and the Public Housing scheme .
For example , the MediShield is used to better prepare them for the future medical costs ( , 2009 ) .The implementation of these policies will hence reduce the burden on the aged and thus reduce public spending required for them .
According ( 2003 ) , from 2000 to 2030 , the worldwide population aged more than 65 years is projected to increase from 550 million to 973 million approximately .
Therefore more attention is needed to be given to the aged .
Public spending on the aged should thus be limited so that money can be diverted to areas such as the economy , defence , education and infrastructure in order for the country to develop healthily .
One factor which contributes largely to the economy of a country is the tourism industry ; this is supported by ( 2009 ) .
According to ( 2005 ) , with economic growth , society will have more choices and more policies can be implemented to help the aged .
To overlook in one area can lead to serious consequences .
Without economic stability , the country will not have enough funds to run it smoothly .
A better way is to critically evaluate the level of importance of the different areas and to prioritse and balance public funding
" Our baby boomers will join the ranks of the elderly in a few years .
Assuming the same level of demand we have now , the need for nursing home beds will double in 10 years and triple in 20 years , " exclaimed Mr. Lim Boon Heng , .
At this time , the effects of the looming aging population is becoming more evident and the increased pressure on public spending for the aged has left Singapore pondering on how to spend prudently .
If too much spending is put into helping the aged , neglecting other areas of the country 's development which aids economic growth , .
Nonetheless , when putting this in thought , disagreement will exist if we give preference the minority .
Thus , generally , future groups of the aged may be better off and can still depend on themselves if they were to make use of their intellectual assets .
Usually , when one owns a home , one will be more motivated to work so as to have a better home and thoughts of migrating would be lesser .
Limiting public spending on the aged should be done to favour other areas of the country 's development .
The benefits of economic growth is not only current , it is for the long term as well . .
These current issues should be with promptly .
As for the aged , although we can not neglect them , we can always provide them with just the right amount so that they too will get what they deserve from the society .
Therefore the government has to strike a balance and find the equilibrium whereby the amount of tax is reasonable and enough for comfortable usage .
As we grow older , our health will gradually deteriorate and we will no longer be able to work and support ourselves after retirement .
We need to recognize that public spending on the aged should be limited so that money could be diverted to other areas of the country 's development to attain higher efficiency and to have better allocation of resources .
One example is by transferring the money that we can use solely on the aged to other fields of the country 's development like improvement in infrastructure .
This will benefit the whole population including the aged by providing a more diverse and well-developed system in transport , like the construction of the new circle lines in Singapore .
In order to help the population to be independent and to save for old age , the government established the Central Provident Fund ( CPF ) Board .
" ( , 2009 ) .
Therefore , one way to counter this problem is by diverting the money to other fields the country 's development like education .
We can then increase our capability and independence to support the . Thus it is wise to limit public spending .
Most importantly , the government should divide public spending equally according to the different needs of the various areas of the country 's development .
" ,
Since Singapore is a safe country with no natural disasters and previous records of terrorism , foreign investors will feel safe to set up their businesses here .
Having more foreign investments implies an increase in foreign . As foreign currency grows this would bring in additional revenue for the country .
At the same time , it will also increase government tax as more people begin to work .
This will result in a loss of revenue and it will slow down the rate of return of investment for the government .
Even so , in the long run , the government will eventually get back what they invested on building the infrastructure and the locals will still have a job which prepares them for their retirement .
The future growth and development of Singapore is dependent on them .
With better defence technology , the government need not spend money on buying defence weapons from other countries and instead , they can earn revenue by selling their own weapons .
These developments will improve the lives of the current and future generations and in the long run , dependency of the future generations when they are old will be minimal as they will most likely have sufficient money for retirement .
Global aging is a critical topic that the world is concerned about .
While the government focuses its expenditure on improving healthcare products and treatments , it is also important that the elderly maintain a healthy lifestyle .
Leading an active and healthy lifestyle helps to reduce chances of getting age related health problems such as lower stamina , rheumatism , falling memory , senile dementia , and emotional setbacks .
For example in Singapore , the government introduced a two years wellness programme that aims to encourage healthy lifestyle by catering the physical , social and emotional needs of seniors through health screenings , social services , exercises , eldercare and social networking sessions ( Lim , 2009 ) .
By maintaining a socially active lifestyle , the elderly are more resistance to health problems as they are able to keep both their mind and body active and healthy .
Encouraging the elderly to support themselves in their old age by extending their working life helps to reduce elder dependency ( Peterson , 2001 ) .
These measures oversee that employment of older workers should be based on 3 R 's of . They are namely , recruitment of workers aged 40 and above , retention of existing workers aged 55 to 61 and re-employment of existing workers aged 62 and above ( , 2007 ) .
To complement its re-employment legislation , the government has also enacted other legislations and . For instance the Tripartite Committee on Employability of Older Workers and Advantage
However , discrimination of the elderly is not a problem that can be resolved instantaneously .
Therefore , the 3R 's employment practices aims to lighten the discrimination by resolving of the companies ' unwilling rationale ( i.e .
Hong Kong has also adopted such practices through its 4 yours CADENZA Community Project which seeks to create an " Elder-Friendly Employment Practice " such as job design , flexible working hours and friendly physical environment ( . ) .
Policymakers have also stepped up efforts in reducing the financial burden of an aging population by providing financial aids and encouraging people to save in advance for their retirement .
In addition , the state enforces its main retirement saving scheme , the Central Provident Fund Saving ( CPF ) whereby individuals are obliged to contribute a fixed percentage of their monthly salary to their CPF account when they are employed .
The aging population is a global phenomenon that affects everyone .
They need to recognize that the effectiveness of any strategy will depend on every individual involvement .
For example , in Europe , while the total population is estimated to shrink slightly by 2050 , the aged population is foreseen to increase by 77 % ) .
More than half of the elderly who committed suicide in 2007 was due to health problems ( Paddock , 2008 ) .This is because this group of people are adversely affected by the government 's intention of reducing public spending on the pension and welfare system .
Thus , if the government chooses to reduce public spending on them , social issues such as elderly suicide rates may rise .
Nevertheless , an efficient and well-organized government should plan the national budget carefully and allocate desirable amount of funds into the various aspects of spending areas in the country .
Therefore , the expenditure on the elderly should not be restricted just because the other areas of development of the country are assumed to be more important .
The fast ageing population has brought about issues such as increased demand for better healthcare and social services , a reduction in competitiveness of the economy that has increased the strain and burden of the working population .
By 2030 , the elderly population is estimated to reach a million ( , 2009 ) .
Thus , the Central Providence Fund ( CPF ) scheme was introduced in 1955 and made compulsory to all working Singaporeans to encourage self-dependency when they are old
( , 2009 Furthermore , to increase Singapore 's birth rate , the government has enhanced benefits offered in the Marriage and Parenthood Package , which includes higher Parenthood Tax Rebate extended to Singaporeans with more children . However this is capped at $ 20,000 per child
( , 2009 . According to Lee Siew Hua , Senior Political Correspondent ( ) , although benefits may be attractive , many young couples have no plans to settle down with a family immediately after marriage .
One of the reasons is due to other financial commitments like house installment , which has occupied a large portion of the couples ' salary
( )
But , architects may have a harder time designing buildings now as their products must be of value yet able to beautify and sustain the earth 's natural resources .
For example , Class C wards receive the most in subsidies
( . On top of this , the government also strongly encourages her senior citizens to adopt a healthy lifestyle .
In conclusion , Singapore government has played a huge part in managing the ageing population .
For instance , , to improve physical environment by creating barrier-free access , and continual effort towards R&D are some of the necessary areas for improvement .
Public spending is the expenditure by the government which includes health , education , military and development projects .
The spending should focus on those most in need .
The public spending should be used in other areas of the country 's development like shopping malls , the Integrated Resort , restaurants , hotels , museums , theatres , and theme parks .
The aim is to increase the tourism industry and to attract foreigners to spend more money .
For example , the Integrated Resort projects in Singapore is expected to enlarge the industry .
Deputy Prime Minister S. Jayakumar ( ) said that a large amount of money has been invested and the overall proposal meets tourism objectives and requirements .
stated that production of vaccines against new virus should be investigated .
If the public spending on the aged is not limited , people will tend to depend on the government more .
They will not save their income earned while they are active in the work force to provide in advance for their own old age as they will think that the government will support them and that there will be more subsidies in medical and health care .
They should learn to save more and plan for their old age in advance for
The birth rates are declining due to the economic downturn . People nowadays will plan to have one or two children only .
This will make the future generations to have a more stressful life because they can not effort to support their parents .
In the absence of a subsidised health insurance scheme , people with serious illnesses or hospitalisation will be a problem especially when they pass the age of 85 or can not afford the increase premiums from age of 80 to 85 .
Therefore , people will have pressure when they plan for their old age .
In order to reduce the stresses , the Central Provident Fund ( ) was set up as a compulsory savings scheme in Singapore so that they can use this savings to support themselves in their old age .
This is to ensure that people will not face financial problems when they retire .
The aim is to attract more visitors to the country and create benefits for the economy of the country .
In these recent years , the entire world has been confronted with a severe economic recession ; which is believed to not only negatively affect lives of millions of people in both developing and developed countries but also seriously threaten the development of numerous firms and companies from almost every sector of the economy .
Up until now , the social policies toward the aged rights always draw a great deal of attention from the community because of the vulnerability of this special part of the population .
They are not able to earn their livings and probably must be dependent on the support and help from their relatives or from the society .
In 2006 , roughly twenty-five percent of the Japanese population was over the working age and approximately eighteen percent was under the working age .
It obviously means that the rest fifty-seven percent in the first case or two thirds of the population in the second case have to work and support for both themselves and those who are unable to work .
It is reasonable to state that once the governments reduces the amount of money spending on healthcare system maintenance or accommodation subsidy , it might result in a social and political crisis .
Some might argue that the elderly should have their own savings , which were accumulated earlier in the working years to partly support for their own needs .
However , not every worker can do so since the living expenses are increasing rapidly on a yearly basis .
Therefore , help and assistance from external sources and funds are still essential .
One more factor that should be taken into account is the moral or ethical aspect .
Therefore , their dedication and sacrifice should be respected and rather relevantly rewarded by younger generations .
In a country where inflation rate reached an unbelievable figure of 11.2 million percent , where almost every family had to struggle to put food on the table , where the only desire of the children is to go to school , a well-rounded health care system for the aged seems to be so luxurious .
In brief , the policies toward the aged in each country seem to be widely different due to their very own and distinctive economic and social status .
Nevertheless , based on those different situations , each country should conduct more in-depth research and take necessary steps with the view to promulgating both short-term and long-term policies to ensure that the senior citizens get what they deserve .
With the current trend of ageing population , many countries have come out with researches , development and policies which will help to ease the aging process greatly .
Therefore , in the United States of America , the policy of 'Assistive Technology Act of 1998 ' was . The definition of Assistive technology is the use of technology design to develop any service or tool that helps the elderly or disabled to improve , maintain or to increase their functional capabilities .
For example , the installation of grab bars around the tub and toilet bowl can help to prevent falls and reduce the risk of slipping ( ) . The invention of the elevator and escalator allows the elderly for easy movement from one storey to another in a building and the installation of bedside controls for lights and other appliances reduces the trouble of moving around just to switch off certain appliances .
For example , in America , The Center for Aging Services Technologies ) developed e-pill CADEX and 12 Alarm Wristwatch which helps to remind the elderly that it is time for their medication .
Nintendo also developed games such as Brain Training Game which is able to help to keep seniors stay mentally agile ( ) Samsung 's Jitterbug , a mobile phone that is currently on the market offers the elderly an easier way in making calls , sending text messages and listening to voice mail
( .
With Assistive Technology , for example , poor cognitive ability can result in increased in loneliness [ which may lead to . The use of sensor networks and online tools can help in reducing such symptoms .
However , though technology has helped the ageing process through improvements in mobility , socially and mentally , to the elderly , family and friends are ultimately one of the most important aspects to them .They can help them with money issues ; meet their social needs and provide a home for them .
In today 's context , the graying population has become a rising rising problem in many societies .
Three significant solutions would be , improve the economy , introduce elderly-friendly infrastructure and appropriate financial subsidies .
According to the Foreign Direct Investment in Singapore statistics ( ) , Singapore received a total of 457,023.8 million investments from the world .
Therefore , the elderly could benefit from the greater availability of assistance without jeopardising economic progress .
The development of accessible infrastructure helps the aged to adapt to the environment .
As humans age , mobility drops relatively .
As a result , immobility would be a hindrance to their lifestyles without the existence of convenient infrastructure .
According to the Housing And Development Board ( HDB ) policy ( ) , the Lift Upgrading Programme ( LUP ) was introduced to install lifts at every level in the HDB residential flats .
As compared to the past , the elderly had much difficulty climbing the stairs .
Therefore , appropriate financial assistance is recommended to help cope with their essential needs .
Australia is a welfare state that strongly emphasises the well-being of the elderly .
Policies such as age pensions and medical benefits allow the aged to receive sufficient assistance to cope with the financial needs ( Greg , 2003 ) .
Therefore , the burden on the shoulder of the children to take care of their elderly would be lightened .
Consequently , this solution would not be effective in the long run due to the money-consuming factor .
have shown with projected statistics that between 2000 and 2050 , the population of the world for those aged 60 and above will increase in every country .
These policies are successful with easing the ageing process .
One of the policies that has been introduced is that of the retirement age .
Under the retirement act ( 1999 ) , the Ministry of Manpower of Singapore raised the retirement age for the elderly from 60 to 62 .
Another policy that has been introduced is that of the Maintenance of Parents Act .
This act is a new policy mentioned by Prime Minister Lee during the National Day Rally Speech in .
It is mainly for cases where the younger generations abandon their parents .
One very good example was mentioned in a Channel Newsasia article ) .
It was mentioned by Associate Professor Paulin Straugha from the University of Singapore that one hospitalization trip could cost tens of thousands of money . She questioned where the younger generation would get the money from . ?
In Singapore , these come in the form of topping the Medisave account and providing housing options .
In the report on the ageing population found on the government website it was mentioned that the government should top up the Medisave account of the needy when there is a budget surplus so that the needy elderly will be able to afford medical treatments .
It was also mentioned that HDB should introduce more rental housing options for the elderly , this can be done by exploring the rental of the vacant .
In conclusion , with these policies in place , .
In Singapore , it was mentioned in a report found on the family and community development website ) that the majority of Singaporeans have positive attitudes towards providing concern and support to the elderly .
The small labour force has to carry the burden of supporting the aged in the country and with increasing costs for goods and services , income inequality may be resulted .
With ageing countries directing much attention to the aged , for instance , spending large sums of money on hiring healthcare workers focusing on the latest medical technology , there will be lesser investments made in other areas like military , tourism , education and research and development .
Secondly , there is a need to limit spending on the aged due to increasing costs of basic necessities ( ,2006 ) .
People aged between 65- 69 years old still form part of the workforce and some of the aged have been providing financial support for grown up children or relatives despite their meagre income .
Furthermore , they have been providing voluntary services by actively involving themselves in community organisations ( ,2007 ) .
The increasing costs will outweigh their contributions .
The United States predicted that the demand for medical care will significantly outweigh the supply of healthcare professionals by the year 2020 ( ,2009 ) .
The Gulf Cooperation Council ( GCC ) is also facing demands for health care where it is likely to increase by 240 percent over the next couple of decades ( Walid,2008 ) .
This will mean that the countries will be diverting plenty of resources on the supply of health care and neglecting the potential of the other areas which may help to generate wealth for the country .
The government directs most of the financial incentives to primary care .
Public spending should focus on areas that play an important part in the country 's development as in the education sector .
According to the Budget Speech ( ) , the government has a budget of S $ 18.1 billion expenditure in social development which mainly comprises six Ministries : Ministry of Education ( MOE ) , Ministry of Health ( MOH ) , Ministry of National Development ( MND ) , Ministry of Community Development , Youth and Sports ( MCYS ) , Ministry of the Environment and Water Resources ( MEWR ) and Ministry of Information , Communications and the Arts ( MICA ) .
The government heavily subsidises the education fees in schools and tertiary institutions every year to prepare students for the future .
In addition , with the limited funding on the elderly , people would be encouraged to work harder to accumulate more wealth before they retire .
However , some may argue that the government should provide more public spending on health services instead of encouraging the elderly to retire later .
It may seem true in some way as the elderly have less ability to perform as well as the younger work force .
However , there are increasing pressures on social benefits including health services funds especially during the economic crisis .
The limited fund could only be used in those more deserving areas such as public health services . Therefore , the elderly should be encouraged to work harder to reduce the fiscal dependency .
In conclusion , there must be some limitation on the public spending in order to divert the money to other areas which will contribute to the country 's development .
Besides , considerable efforts should also be made to educate the public to lead a more healthy life .
In the developed countries , due to reasons like better healthcare and women joining the workforce , life expectancy increases significantly as the rate of reproduction decreases .
As the population ages , social problems increase .
A better solution would be to limit direct spending on the aged and redirect these resources to aid the country 's development .
This not only improves the economy ; but provides more options for the elders when they have to seek treatment .
This would in turn ease the cost of healthcare for elders and indirectly has the same effect as funding elders ' healthcare costs directly .
Furthermore , the issue is to limit spending and not totally cut it off .
Another area in which money can be directed is to provide skills upgrading training for the workers .
In order to make this an effective policy , the older workers ' skills must be upgraded and kept consistent with the existing demands .
Angelique Chan mentioned that at present , employers tend to be hesitant about hiring older workers and this has led to public debates on this issue ( This affects blue collared workers most extensively , and also happens to be the group of elders that have the highest dependency on the society due to their lower savings .
Providing training like the " Skills Programme for Upgrading and Resilience " , which the Singapore government introduced in 2008 , helps improve workers ' skills .
Those who were retrenched due to company downsizing or the likes of it can take the opportunity to improve their skills and move up the corporate ladder .
By endlessly investing in assisting the elderly , areas of the country 's developments will be overlooked , resulting in more serious social problems like unemployment .
For example , our official retirement age has been raised to 65 . This allows people to work longer to accumulate more wealth for old age .
Many programs have also been set up to retrain the elder workers and upgrade their skills in order to maintain their work productivity .
Furthermore , a mandatory saving scheme , called the Central Provident Fund ( CPF ) , has also been set up to ensure people save as they work .
However , the CPF scheme may not be useful as the money that can be used for medical expenses is restricted to Medisave and Medifund .
Moreover , an elder person who is incapable of continuing to work before he meets the official retirement age , is unable to make any withdrawals from his CPF accounts to cover his daily expenses .
Secondly , healthcare system has been restructured to meet the needs of the aging population .
Hasnita ( 2009 ) reported that besides building new hospitals around the neighbourhood , Singapore also focuses on its step-down care sector which includes community hospitals and nursing homes .
Lastly , according to Mr Yap Chin Beng , Director , Estate Administration and Property , talks have been going on with the Housing Development Board ( HDB ) to initiate policies such as constant upgrading to our physical infrastructures to become more elderly-friendly .
The upgrades include lift upgrading to install new lifts which stops on every floor , shelters to the public to the nearest bus stop of the blocks and ramps for people who have difficulties in climbing stairs .
In addition , HDB is also building more studio apartments which are suitable for the elderly as it is customized with elderly-friendly fixtures and fittings .
Nowadays , many countries have to face different problems about the aging population .
It is controversial since many people are afraid that spending too much money on the elderly might decrease national budgets for other areas of development .
Therefore , it is necessary that the public finances spent on the elderly is always considered carefully by the government .
A limited amount of money given to help the aging population is a good issue for both the elderly and the rest of the population which benefits through the development of the different sectors of the country .
It is undoubtedly true that senior citizens always find it difficult to live independently in their old age .
For instance , the Singapore government spent more than 7 percent of the GDP ( gross domestic product ) on supporting the elderly with medical subsidies , public infrastructure and pension schemes ( ) , while the percentage of American GDP for public spending on the elderly rose from 8.5 percent in 1997 to 22.5 percent in 2070 ( Lee , 2008 ) .
Moreover , a significant share of the Gross National Product ( GNP ) went into pension schemes : 0.58 per cent and 1.22 per cent , respectively in Malaysia and Singapore ( Yoon and Hendricks , 2006 ) .
These show us the truth that the government spent a lot of money for the senior citizens .
We need to have the responsibility to care for the elderly .
However , we should not spend such a large amount of money on the elderly since it might cause the loss of financial supporting for other important areas of development such as education , military or infrastructure With the iincrease in the aging population and less financial support from cash-strapped young generation , the government even has a heavier burden on its shoulders to give more money to support the seniors ' lives now .
Then , they might not focus on solving other problems in other areas , which may cause many troubles for the entire development of the country .
The next point is about the consequence of having no limitation on spending money for the elderly .
A research done by the Swiss banking giant UBS reported that Singapore 's long-term economic growth would lose its 3 percentage points because of the demographic changes while Japan 's growth will drop from 9.8 to 8.3 percent and China 's growth may cut down by 1 percent .
Without the guarantee of a healthy economy , the government can not improve or develop any necessary areas in their country .
We actually have many kinds of help for the senior citizens instead of giving them money from the public budget .
In conclusion , it is essential for us to set a limitation for the money we spend on the aged .
The Singapore government provides health subsidies for the elderly to help the hefty medical bills .
On the contrary , the National Survey of Senior Citizens conducted in 2005 showed that 63 % of senior citizens had their own source of income , 66 % received cash support from their children and 62 % of elderly paid for their own healthcare expenses . The provision of health subsidies might be seen as a waste of public fundings since most seniors have the ability to pay for their own medical bills .
To apply for health subsidies , the government assess elderly patients by taking into consideration the gross income of the patient and immediate family members as well as whether patients own any private property .
Town Councils also came up with barrier-free features like ramps leading to blocks and outdoor facilities are provided to facilitate mobility of seniors from homes to public areas .
The Government believes that with later retirement , seniors will be able to support themselves independently and to allow seniors to remain physically , mentally and socially active for as long as possible .
Despite the decreasing productivity of elder workers , they possess vast experience and energy . It will be a waste not to tap their strengths and abilities so that they can contribute meaningfully to their family and the society .
Now , people who are living longer and longer lives must carefully plan their lives. .
Minister Mentor , Lee Kuan Yew ( ) mentioned that there are complains about the welcoming of working-age immigrants resulting in a reduction of job vacancies available for Singaporeans .
Immigrants who have the skills and expertise in the various industries are favoured by employers .
This is because they can contribute their knowledge and bring the companies to greater heights .
Hence , this has caused Singaporeans who are not as proficient to become unemployed .
The introduction of working-age immigrants has also increased the competition in the workforce .
With the influx of immigrants and foreign talents , most Singaporeans believe that Singapore 's current population is considerably large .
Minister Mentor , Lee Kuan Yew ( ) pointed out that between the ages of 25 and 40 , more than 30 % of the Singaporeans remain single and childless .
Many Singaporeans do not want their careers to be hindered and deem it is not worth to pay the high fees of educating their children .
Despite the introduction of the baby bonus scheme , Singaporeans are still unmoved and cold toward having a child .
Being a .
If the low fertility rate continues , Singapore 's economy and labour force will eventually shrink .
The government could look into ways like longer maternity leave , financial supports in the form of tax rebates and maintaining work-life balance by allocating sufficient time for personal life .
Numerous countries experience aging population
The dramatic shift in age structure has caused the Singapore government to introduce many related policies .
However , some policies introduced by the government are causing much problems for the society which outweighs the effect of easing the ageing process .
In 2007 , the government introduced a CPF ( Central Provident Fund ) reform scheme , which will push retirement age to 65 years in 2012 which will then be on par with Japan .
This , coupled with other initiatives such as the and incentives for companies to hire elderly workers , serves to encourage longer working lives and decrease dependency among elderly workers .
However , according to the Singapore National Census in 2007 , 68 % of the elder workers are unskilled and most of them are employed as cleaners or laborers , working long hours per day for mostly as little as $ 5 an hour ( 2009 ) .
However , many might argue that through employment , older workers will be able to earn their upkeep , save up for future medical needs and live an active and healthy lifestyle ( 2009 ) .
But on the contrary , it has been statistically proven that older workers tend to suffer from occupational injuries that were inflicted and accumulated since younger working days , thus accidents are more prone to occur , especially for jobs which require substantial amount of physical strength such as lifting or carrying ( 1996 ) .
In addition , if they were to be subjected to demands of work performance and long work hours in most jobs , how could they ever live a healthier lifestyle ?
With a healthy supply of young workers from other countries , Singapore can fill up job vacancies quickly and replace those older workers .
As the saying , to kill two birds with one stone , it can be said that foreign immigration solves both the ageing problem as well as the shortage of babies. .
According to a survey published by the Institute of Service Excellence ( ISES ) last year , Singapore has a lower service level satisfactory score of 68 compared to 72 in South Korea and 75 in the States . One of the reasons is the ease of foreign immigration here .
Nowadays , many semi-skilled foreign immigrants are working in service sectors , and even greet many customers in their mother tongue .
Nowadays , we are facing the old aging matter as it increases the pressure on our society .
Some policies such as later retirement age or increasing the responsibility of children for their parents have been applied .
Though there are still dubious opinions around these solutions , they really bring us hope for a better future .
Some researchers are still skeptical about the later retirement policy , which has been saving millions dollar for countries .
( 2006 ) in her article " Can they carry on working ?
Later retirement , health and social inequality in an aging population " questions the opposite sides of higher retirement age .
She worries about its bad impacts on older people 's health , which may increase the health care fees for government and about the unemployment of that will cut down the GPD .
( 2009 ) finds out that longer working time may help us fight against dementia , one of the most terrible illnesses of old people .
In fact , working helps the elderly become more independent , more enjoyable and healthier .
Ian Ziskin , chief of human resource and administrative office of Northman Grumman , says that it 's necessary to have a new brand of workforce in a company and his company will keep hiring young workers for the next 5 to 10 years ( , 2008 ) .
In short , encouraging later retirement of employees is an effective solution to reduce the burden of old age .
The second solution being discussed in many countries is raising the children 's responsibility to care for their older parents .
Every year , the government has to spend around 0.2 % to 3 % of total GDP to take care of old people and the number is increasing year by year ( , 2005 ) .
In fact , this caring plays a critical role in easing the spending of government and citizens on health care for the elderly .
It means you have to pay nearly $ 6000 per month for caring for your parents , which is such a large amount especially in the economic crisis recently .
According to ( 2006 ) , home care saved up to $ 350 billion in 2006 , which is even over the Fed 's budget .
In USA , just only 50 % of adults say that they are caring for their parents ( home caring or supporting money ) so if we can raise this number up by increasing the grown children 's responsibility , we can save our budget to pay attention to other necessary fields .
Although there is still skepticism around the two policies which are used to ease the pressure of aging population , a number of study and facts have shown us their benefits to our society .
Later retirement not only helps elders feel more active and healthier but also brings us a large sum of money .
Similarly , increasing adult 's responsibility for their older parents particularly assists the government in caring a number of older people and saving health care fees .
Nobody can deny the adverse effects of aging process in society today .
Imagine a country where nearly one-fourth of its citizens can not work and have to depend on its younger generations . Such a heavy burden will be placed on that country 's sustainability .
Recent policies , particularly the Later retirement policy and Central Provident Fund ( CPF ) Board 's Saving for retirement have illustrated the efforts of our Governments .
The fertility decline and the expected shrinking population will subsequently increase the dependency ratio. .
And if the situation gets worse , the young generation would not be able to pay tax and we would have insufficient funds to care for the elderly .
Although they have not been perfectly completed , based on fair judgment , such ideas have helped to lighten the aging effects in our society .
According to a scientific survey , 41 percent of people want to retire after 65 .
However , this policy has been strongly opposed .
One of the opposing views was about the strength and perspicacity of the aged .
They fear that old people would not respond well enough to the fast changing world .
Although their knowledge may be old-fashioned , their experiences are invaluable .
About 50 thousand people step into retirement each year , which will then contribute to the dependency ratio .
After many years of hard work , people can now enjoy their lives without having to worry about financial difficulties .
This scheme helps people to plan way ahead . Therefore , they would not have to rely on their children later .
Since there are many people suffering to support their families , it is just harder for them to save for later years .
People with higher income will have better retirement life compared .
Old homeless people , for example , will have to depend on the Government for their livelihood .
As a result result , although financial difficulty is not a serious problem for the majority of senior Singaporeans , we still have to find greater plans so that all people are all well supported in their old lives .
These two policies are just representatives of many researches , studies , policies given out to alleviate the harmful consequences caused by this so-called " silver tsunami " .
Additionally , we are encouraging young couples to have more children , urging working-aged immigrants to come , inventing more ways to reduce the cost for health . Tackling this fast aging problem is tremendous because it is hard to be eliminated absolutely .
To tackle these issues commonly encountered by these elderly people , the government has put in considerable effort towards alleviating their problems .
The solutions which Singapore has adopted and the policies that they have implemented aims to help the aged lead a more comfortable life .
A liberal country such as America operates in the form of nuclear families whereby the young adults leave their parents at an early age in search for their new home
( Diderich , 2005 . Thus , it will be very difficult for them to take care of their parents on a day-to-day basis .
In Singapore , a significant legislation known as the " Maintenance of Parents Act " in 1995 requires children to support their parents during the latter 's old age which has the effect of preventing problems related to the neglect of elderly parents
( Khalik , 2009 . Such a forward-looking policy helps to ensure adequate care and concern for the elderly , helping to ease their aging process .
In Singapore , the cost of living is high , in particular , medical cost .
The government has thus taken measures to counter these problems such as setting up the Central Provident Fund ( CPF ) so as to allow people to save when they are economically active
( Sarkar , 2009 These savings can be set aside for retirement purposes so that they can be self-dependent .
This is worsened by the fact that older workers have relatively lower education levels .
On the contrary , we can also tap on the vast experience and knowledge of the older workers who can then continue to contribute as economically productive members of the society and help sustain the creation of the " silver industry " targeted at older people
( Princeton , 2007 . In addition to that , the Ministry of Manpower ( MOM ) launched the " People-for Jobs Traineeship Programme " to help older workers who are prepared to take on a second career
( Chia , 2001 . This programme provides tax subsidies and grants to companies which re-trains older workers to help them be re-deployed effectively and to remain gainfully employed .
In conclusion , although the aged in Singapore face increasing number of problems each day , the government is actually implementing many policies , funding , facilities , programmes and services such as the Central Provident Fund Scheme to ease the problems the aged faces .
In light of the above , current research and governmental policies have , to a large extent , help ease the aging process .
This increases much pressure for the government when dealing with every aspect like economic issues , or infrastructure systems .
Despite some opposite opinions on how science makes aging a serious problem in many societies , the benefits science brings to ease this process seems to severely outweigh its detriments .
The discovery of gene activation or brain reaction to environmental factors has little impact in comparison with money spent on research , which can be more efficient to be spent on healthcare services and retirement pension .
This gene when activated can produce some types of proteins relating to diseases of the aged ( ) .
This has led a way for scientists to find treatment , such as in 2009 , Frank LaFerla and Mathew Blurton-Jones of the UC Irvene found a potential treatment for Alzheimer 's disease by using neutral stem cell .
In this point , there might be arguments that the new technique , if available , will result in a larger number of old people , increasing pressure to an already aged and crowded population .
This may not be a way to stop the aging process of a population , but is likely to be a good way to ease the stress and difficulties both government and each individual have to face .
Science with the invention of many toxic chemicals either used for fertilizer , pesticides or nuclear weapons , is responsible for higher infertility rate in humans and many mutant babies born .
However , though it is undeniably true how chemicals increase mutation in tissues , it is still unclear whether infertility rates of human beings can rise due to chemical usage .
While this seems to be a controversial issue , , a large quantity of babies are born from infertile couples .
This can be achieved because of biology and medical science , as well as new technology .
It is estimated that more than 100,000 babies have been born through in vitro fertilization ( Trounson and Gardner , ) .
The aging process has many negative influences globally . However , these may be eased with the help of new science applied to technology . .
According to the UN , life expectancy is projected to reach 76 globally over the next half century , and fertility rate is also predicted to drop more than a half from 5.0 to 2.1 children per woman globally by 2050 .
It 's called global aging and it threatens to bankrupt the great powers " .
As a result , the social economy will be affected dramatically in a negative way , one of which is the lack of a labour force .
This essay will discuss t some suggested solutions to the lack of a labour force that the demographic aging issue brings about based on the context of Singapore .
Initially , increasing the certain age of retirement would alleviate the burden of an aging population .
In addition , the more time older people can work , the more savings or pension they will have to secure their life sufficiently during old age without being dependent on their children or the governmental fund .
The policy , however , has its own hindrances .
Later retirement could cause a decrease in productivity because old people tend to be less healthy or less up-to-date with the new technology and information than the younger ones .
Secondly , the attempt to raise the fertility rates could also be one possible solution .
In fact , this solution somehow could ensure the economy that there would be a sufficient new generation or workforce to provide for the labour market when it comes to the time for the previous generation to retire .
how to ensure that there will be enough space for all people to be accommodated in a condition of land scarcity , especially in Singapore , a country with a total area of 710.2 square kilometres .
But in recent years , the Singapore 's government has put more effort to tackle the housing issue , which can be seen through HDB 's building programme to provide more public housing for residential use and allow citizens to take loans up to 80 % of the value of the flat to make it more affordable for everyone .
In the mean time for the next new generation of the workforce , the government can consider employing immigrants for a short period of 10 or 20 years .
This solution seems to have been adapted fairly well by the Singapore government since the beginning of the 21st century , and the immigrant workers have been closely associated with the economic development of the country .
Furthermore , since a lot of immigrant workers with different nationalities , their skills might not be similar or adequate enough to meet with the requirement of the jobs .
To solve the problem , a new standard of skills for immigrants should be established or the government should have the immigrant workers re-trained for the country 's purposes although it might take time and quite a lot of money .
In conclusion , the problem of an aging population is rather a problem of rigid and outmoded policies and institutions than only a problem of a demographic change .
Policies need to be developed that account for the natural incentives individuals have to adjust their behaviour in the face of an aging population .
Today , the aging problem has begun to draw people 's attention .
Firstly , an aging problem can lead to many economic issues .
It can cause a drop in the labour force and population .
Therefore , later retirement is encouraged by the writer of " A Graying World " .
People who are aged over 35 are considered old .
For example like employers should be fined heftily if they are found to refuse employing people whom they consider " old " .
Besides , aging can lead to a low population .
Some of them even refuse to give birth because they think that children are a burden .
As people get older , they are facing more and more health problems like kidney failure and other chronic diseases .
For example like machines for radiotherapy , dialysis , etc have helped people to recover from the sicknesses .
However , not every person can afford to undergo such treatment because they need to pay up to thousand dollars in order to undergo such treatments .
Besides , scientists have begun to create more healthy food through bioengineering , that is , the gene of the food can be altered so that the nutrition of certain food can be levelled up .
For example scientists altered a gene of the tomato so that the vitamin " folate " can be levelled up .
Thirdly , the introduction of many new medicines has helped to ease the aging problem .
Furthermore , besides medicine that are used to treat sickness , there are supplements which can make our body to become healthier .
For example like vitamin , iron , calcium , etc .
In conclusion , the aging problem is getting more serious , therefore , we have to pay more attention to this topic so that the problem can be eased .
The increase in the number of aged people has seriously slowed down the development of a country and burdened the government in terms of healthcare and financial aid packages for the elderly .
The Singapore government has set up the Central Provident Fund ( CPF ) , one of the many pension funds around the world , which requires employees to save almost 12 % of their income in their CPF accounts . The money can not be withdrawn except for housing , education , investments or medical care purposes .
However , Adam Smith ( 1766 ) suggests that governments should not interfere with the free trade of society . Trade should be free from affectation as the policy has been speculated that it reduces cash flow , and in turn reduces purchasing power .
Department head for example should be an older person so that they can impart their experience to the young worker .
The payoff of this investment is a highly efficient and productive workforce .
Not only that , better working environments should be provided for the elderly workers .
These costs are on an average of $ 34,000 per year . Working from home is another option that can be considered .
If one looks back into the past just only 20 to 30 years ago , he/she can see a big step in the improvement to the quality of life thanks to the rapid development of modern technology .
However , the question is whether we are ready for the increase in an aging population or not ?
We usually hear Singaporeans complaining about stress , primarily from work or from the education system .
All of these troubles that the application of this policy brings about may outweigh the benefits .
Though the elders have a lot of experience , they may not work as effectively and make decisions as quickly as the younger generations do .
There may not be enough jobs for both young and old people , especially in an economic downturn like today .
Therefore , finally , governments may need to spend a large amount of money on creating incentives for companies to hire old people , namely : tax reduction , subsidy for each elder employed , etc .
Moreover , old people may not be strong enough to withstand the stress at work and the cost for healthcare and insurance for old working people will surpass the profit , which all companies try to earn as much as they can .
Having such advanced technology in the current world , the aging population will be expecting a longer and healthy life expectancy .
Despite these economic constraints , there is still an urgent need for the government to increase the amount of children per household to replace the huge retiring labor force in order to maintain the economic growth within a country .
With these policies in place , infertile couples will less likely be a burden to the social and economic aspect of an aging population .
" Nevertheless , this is a difficult task as the efficiency and productivity of elderly workers decreases with their increase in age .
These schemes will equip the aging community with sufficient technological/technical knowledge to remain productive and efficient in the labor force despite their disadvantages .
With these in place , the impact of an aging population on the social and economic aspects will be greatly reduced .
Such policies include social policy like increasing the retirement age , allowing more employable immigrants into the country and introducing retirement schemes to ease basic needs after retirement .
Karen Holden ( 2003 ) suggests that as people work longer , it can help to reduce the likelihood of the elderly falling into poverty when they reach a certain age .
On the other hand , the increase in retirement age does not necessarily mean that people will be able to maximize their working years as some might be faced with health issues even before their retirement age .
Forcing oneself to work beyond his/her limit might cause one 's health to further deteriorate and have a negative impact to the economy .
A greying population has created pressure for the younger generation as the ratio of young adults supporting one elderly has been constantly decreasing .
Therefore , allowing more employable immigrants into the country may be one of the social policies that can help to ease the aging process .
Increasing the number of employable immigrants will help to lower the median age of the population and at the same time , result in a rise in the efficiency level because of a more competitive workforce .
On the contrary , such policy can lead to social problems as the increased competition can result in citizens losing their job to the foreign immigrants and eventually causing them to lose confidence and feel demoralized .
Policy to introduce retirement schemes is also believed to be one of the factors in easing the aging process .
Take Singapore as an example , the government has made it compulsory that every working adult must contribute a certain percentage of their monthly income into their individual CPF ( Central Provident Fund ) account in preparation for retirement .
This retirement scheme helps to reduce pressure on the economy as it allows the elderly to have a considerable sum of money in the future to support themselves .
People classified under lower income groups will usually face problems with insufficient savings and will ultimately still need support from the government .
In summary , Social policies such as increasing the retirement age might result in lesser dependency on the younger generation while lowering the barrier of employable immigrants will decrease the median age of the population and lastly , the introduction of a retirement scheme can allow people to save for their retirement .
Therefore , it can be concluded that social policies do play a part , to a large extent , in easing the aging process .
The concerns that will be discussed if funds should be put into funding education and its facilities , and the growth of the country itself is more paramount with regards to the country 's development .
Afonso 's view supports my stand that public funds being diverting into the education system is fundamental .
In this case , governments can help parents to save whilst bringing up their children , this provides sufficient support due to aid by government for educating children .
With support provided by the government to educate children , parents can save a substantial amount while allowing their children to receive education .
Conversely , as stated by Mackenzie ( 2009 ) , Canadians benefit amounts to $ 17,000 from the public services from tax funds , about the same amount a Canadian working full-time would earn .
In addition , economic growth can come about through diverting funds into more valuable areas like education .
At the beginning of the 21st century , we have to deal with a series of global issues , among them the aging population should be considered as a black spot .
Not only putting adverse impacts on other members in their families , the elderly can cause many difficulties to societies'developments in general .
Beside the expense for societal aging , there are also sponsors from the government which need to be diverted to other fields .
For these reasons , it should be better if the money spent on the aged is deliberately limited for investing on many critical factors of the national economy .
Besides , during their adolescence , probably time for studying and various kinds of indoor entertainment such as movies or PC games constrained them from joining in outdoor activities and unintentionally stole the essential fundamentals for their health afterwards .
Moreover , because of the unawareness of humans , our damaged environment is really pushing us to the verge of extinction .
However , once such taxes are applied , the poor unexpectedly become the first victims .
Furthermore , due to high taxes , the reduced incomes of citizens could have negative impacts on their purchase and in the same way , the domestic market and the economy in general might be faced with a lot of trouble .
Countries with extended programs serving for health care to the aged might find the escalation in the cost when the number of recipients rise .
By 2050 , some economists predict that the fiscal burden of the financial crisis , for advanced countries , will be only about 10 percent of the age-related expense .
For this reason , too much money paid for caring for the graying population means the shortage of concern on other essential areas .
Compared to other countries such as the USA Singapore does not have as much monetary reserves , therefore it is not feasible .
Unlimited public spending on the aged would only pose a long-term problem for the nation .
With the occurrence and wide spread of mutant viruses and disease , medical research serves a greater purpose for survival of the infected patients and drugs can be manufactured in large quantities and be easily available for them .
Therefore , public spending on medical science not only benefits the aged but also the people who are diagnosed with virus 's or diseases .
If Singapore fails to maintain good relationships with these countries , our lives will be in jeopardy without water .
In conclusion , the government should limit public spending on the aged and focus more on the major future developments which can help Singapore tackle the main problems that the majority of the local population faces , and also the root of the aging population .
In the context of Singapore , given the socio-economic and political disparity between the possible usages of the fund , the funding for the elderly issues remain controversial .
The budgett Speech in 2009 reveals the measures the Government is taking to sustain the property market ( Singapore Government , 2009 ) .
A 40 % property tax rebate for industrial and commercial properties for 2009 will require about $ 800 million of the national budget ( Singapore Government , 2009 ) .
These expenditures require the Government to explore possible ways to further utilize the national budget in order to continue to develop the nation .
With the power of knowledge and advance technology , the nation can improve its economy and ensure that the well-being of current and future generations of older people is taken care of .
Public spending on the elderly in Singapore is carefully designed , so as to provide the needs of the aged in the best possible way , but the fund is insufficient to support the growing aging population .
Medifund Silver is introduced to provide means-tested socialized care for the needy elderly ( Ministry of Finance , 2008 ) .
The ministry of Finance ( 2008 ) states that the Government will be providing $ 226 million in Medisave top-ups for 734,000 elderly in the nation , this amount of assistance cost breaks down to about $ 290 per elder .
On an individual basis , the elderly are ill-equipped to withstand the possibility of contracting a terminal disease , from the calculations from the Ministry of Health ( 2009 ) , a $ 2,227 treatment bill for heart treatment is likely to devastate most retirees .
To increase the livelihood of the elderly , Dr Balakrishnan ( 2007 ) announced an increment of $ 30 .Forr the elderly living alone with no dependents will receive Public Assistance allowance of $ 290 per month .
An aging population becomes an ubiquitous trend in many developed countries such as Japan .
The idea that reserving a retirement fund in advance can help ease the aging process is regarded as an efficient and feasible method for the government ( Peterson , 2001 ) .
However , some still think that the younger generation and the government are responsible for dealing with the problem of an aging population .
For example , in a Singaporean middle class family , a young couple usually have two to four children and lives in a governmental or private house with mortgage .
In this harsh situation , the elderly parents who have no income and no savings become a big financial strain .
When the young are exposed to both financial and emotional stresses , they can not concentrate on their work .
Some people think that the government has an obligation to help the elderly by providing financial aid .
It seems that the young can shift the liability and solve the financial problem , but these excessive government subsidies will result in draining the public funds quickly .
On the contrary , the government should compel people to save a certain portion of their income into special retirement accounts before they reach retirement age and allow the owners to withdraw the money when they retire .
The Singapore government has been doing well in this respect .
All Singaporeans must save 5 percent of their total income while their employers contribute an additional 20 percent into a government retirement account .
There are two reasons for the Singaporean government to do so .
An aging population is a social problem as well as an individual problem .
The government has a responsibility to help and guide the public to plan their retirement life .
Providing a retirement fund in advance is a long term project and this can only be achieved by raising public consciousness .
Public spending should be limited to a certain degree so that the budget would be diverted to different areas such as education , research and development , tourism and the transportation system of the country .
In most countries , education is considered to be one of the fundamental sectors that the country 's government can develop and improve on .
For that reason , the process of education is considered to be essential for the development of our society such that every child has to go through a minimum of ten years of basic education .
It is crucial that the country has a good education system for future economic development .
However , on the other hand , there should be limited , but adequate percentage of public spending allocated to the aged .
So , does this means that they will die ?
This problem will continue to get worse every year if there is inadequate attention paid .
Though it is important to solve the problem of the graying society , we should limit our public spending in this sector so that we can budget for other aspects of a country 's development , such as the transportation infrastructure .
In conclusion , public spending on the aged should be limited to a certain percentage that is adequate for the welfare of the aged .
By putting a limit for the spending on the aged , we can create more budgets to spend on education , research and development , tourism industry and transportation system as they are equally important to our nation .
Current researches and development/polices have indeed eased the aging process but only to a small extent .
The aging issues that today 's elderly face include active life expectancy , diet/nutrition , disease prevention , health behaviors and beliefs , health service utilization , mental health , long term care etc .
This is necessary to help ease the aging process .
These treatments will be helpful because people get increasingly susceptible to chronic illnesses .
In the context of Singapore , to address this issue , various financial health care schemes like Medisave and Medishield are implemented to help lessen the financial burden for the elderly .
Technology and its advancements have given medical science the forefront to ease the aging process .
Research has found out that by taking nutritional supplements on a daily basis ,it can provide significant health benefits for the elderly , reducing the possibilities of them falling sick .
There are current on-going research on the different types of dietary supplements that can reverse disease , improve the overall health of the elderly and help them to live a longer , happier life .
This in turn slows down the ageing process and promotes a healthy lifestyle .
Preventive measures can be taken by referencing medical brochures/guides , or consulting the doctor on the suitable type of supplements to consume if one has a medical history .
Such well-tested medical products have helped to ease the aging process .
When people grow older , they have to cope with the physical , mental and emotional stresses of being old. .
These stresses will cause negative influences on health as it affects our bodily functions .
However , social policy can address such issues to make the aging process less painful for the elderly .
By exercising , the elderly improves their overall health and helps to prevent chronic diseases .
Social networking helps the elderly battle against loneliness and makes new friends .
However , social policy has to be revised to address the changing needs of the elderly .
However , the easing of the aging process does not only depend on the above factors .
So what type of foods should the elderly consume ?
According to Neilmark ( 2008 ) , The foods that decrease inflammation in the body are called " anti-inflammatory foods .
According to Neilmark ( 2008 ) , he defined it as eat fewer calories .
In conclusion , current research and development/polices has helped to ease the aging process but only to a small extent .
Technology can be used as a solution to cope with the current healthcare challenges we are faced with .
While the advancement in healthcare industry can help prevent diseases and other consequences of aging , medicine alone is inadequate .
An ageing population is currently a global phenomenon that occurs in many parts of the world .
In Singapore , where there is a reasonably low birth rate and top-notch health care which helps prolong people 's lives , population aging is inevitable , hence being prospective-looking , the strategy that is feasible would be to reallocate funds and attention to other areas , in particular , Education and Tourism .
This will indirectly help to solve some of the problems posed by an ageing population , as it will help to reduce elderly dependency and changing Singapore into an independent society where elderly will be less reliant on the government .
Therefore , by reallocating more funds and attention to this industry , it will bring about a positive change in the Singapore tourism industry and economy as a whole .
This win-win situation will allow Singapore to embrace itself for the future challenges and reduce elder dependency .
Nonetheless , the decision to divert funds to other area 's for development such as education and tourism will be the most viable one , solely because of the fact that not only does it help with Singapore 's development , but also coping with challenges that arises with an ageing population indirectly with time to come .
This is the time when the psychological practitioners and the government have to step in to help ease the aging process of the elderly .
They have problems getting promoted or hired because of their age , and also are afraid of being asked to retire earlier , causing them to have work pressure .
It is this kind of misconception they possess which causes their mental illness to worsen
A professional person , in this case , the psychologists , can offer help by counselling the elderly and giving them useful advice to encourage them that they are not the group of people who always require special help from the others , and also to let them feel that they are accepted by the society .
The government can help ease the aging process of the elderly through the implementation of social policies which encourage later retirement , longer working life and lower barrier for the employment of the elderly ( Peterson , 2001 ) .
The aging workforce will then decrease work productivity and lower the nations economic development .
There are still a portion of elderly persons who age successfully .
The working experiences of some elderly individuals can be a good asset to the development of the society .
Although it has become an arising issue that the aging population will have a great impact on society and also the economic growth of the country , more emphasis should be given to the older generation , as they are an important asset to the nation .
There are three broad aspects of problems associated with the ageing process , namely the physical , emotional and financial aspect .
First , the elderly have weaker health and are more susceptible to chronic illnesses .
Lastly , the elderly lose income upon retirement , therefore , they have to depend on their savings or children for their expenses .
In cases where the elderly can not support themselves financially and their children refuse to take care of them , Maintenance of Parents Act had been implemented in 1996 .
On the contrary , " the elderly will use between three and five times more health-care services compared to the younger generation " ( Straits Times , 2007 ) , thus Medisave would be still inadequate to assist most of the elderly in their course of aging .
These statistics have proven that population aging is enduring and this means that tackling the challenges that come along with it is a long term process for the government and government spending on the aged will continue to increase .
Therefore , it is important for the government to develop policies like the Central Provident Fund Scheme that helps the government to limit spending and assist the elderly to be self sufficient at the same time .
In order to have a well-trained workforce to cope with a knowledge-based economy of the 21st century , the government has to provide more funds to ensure that the people are receiving a more all-rounded education by introducing a more extensively planned academic program , building more educational institutions and hiring and training more educators .
In order to become a world-class city , the government has to pump in funds to rejuvenate and upgrade existing areas for living and working , creating more recreational space and continue to develop the commercial and industrial sectors .
With a demand for a higher standard of living , the government may have to divert more public spending to look after the increasing needs of the aged .
Everyone has a responsibility to assist seniors living among us and people need to change their mindset of seeing the elderly as a burden to the society when in actual fact , the elderly are the knowledgeable and experienced resources of the society .
According to the United Nations ( UN ) the number of elderly people has tripled in the past 50 years and will continue to rise in the near future .
Thus , their only solution is to turn to the government for assistance .
With such a high volume of tourists , more hotel rooms are required to accommodate them .
With no natural attractions and little resources , Singapore has no choice but to create man-made attractions such as resorts and casinos , or to come up with attractions that is only attractive to foreigners .
In order to achieve such goals , more resources should be channeled into the education system , such as providing additional funds to needy students , which allows them to break out of their poverty cycle ; improving the infrastructures of schools and universities ; and recruiting more teachers .
With a better education system , it allows Singaporeans to enter the workforce with better skills and increases their employability , thus preventing the problems which current the elderly are facing .
To cope with the increasing population , more high-rise residential buildings known as HDB flats are being built .
Without limiting it , there will be over dependence on the government , worsening the current situation .
If public spending is allocated to areas such as housing , education and tourism , the new generation will be more financially secure than their parents .
It will also help Singaporeans to stay ahead and be competitive in terms of employability and marketability , furthermore contributing to the country 's GDP growth which helps in the overall development of the country the long term .
In 2007 , a Financial Times 's reporter mentioned that with the low fertility rate and an increase in life expectancy , Singapore would soon have only 2.2 workers to support each elderly person [ i ] .
With such a low number of working adults to support the elderly , there would be a need for the government to at least maintain its current expenditure on the aged .
Though public spending should be used fully on the aged , there are other areas of concern that the government money should be diverted to , such as the healthcare system .
Recently , the Singapore Prime Minister , Mr Lee Hsein Loong , stressed the need for a step down care system during his National Day Rally Speech for the nation 's 44th birthday .
The step-down care system requires Singapore hospitals to link with community hospitals , this , in turn , will enable long term patients to enjoy a suitable care while saving money on hospital fees .
However , Singapore should not make use of the budget for the aged to improve other areas .
This is because Singapore will be suffering from an aging population by the time it reaches year 2030 .
Though the government has encouraged children to fulfill filial obligations by taking care of their parents , with their own family to take care of , children of these elderly parents would not be able to bare the financial burden .
For the past decade , the Singapore government has been emphasizing the value of self reliance on its citizen despite the economic ups and downs .
Policies , such as the Central Provident Fund ( CPF ) , has been implemented to ensure that Singaporeans are able to support themselves after retirement .
An extreme example would be when a grandfather uses and depletes the CPF account of the parents , and when the children grow and their parents suffer from long term illness , such as diabetes , they may use their CPF account if they do not have sufficient cash on-hand .
In the above paragraph , the vicious cycle occurs when the elderly depend on their children but , what will happen to the elderly if the children refuse to fulfil their filial obligations ?
However , for most cases , welfare organisations can only help in getting daily necessities for them .
This is because donations from the public are used to support the basic daily operations of these organizations , thus leaving little or nothing to help these old folks financially .
This , therefore , requires further assistance from their next supporting pillar : the government .
Though decades of self-reliance has taught Singaporeans to stand firm and learn how to support themselves and their family , now they can no longer do so .
With the rising cost of medical facilities , the elderly with the support of their children could no longer rely on their own CPF accounts and their children 's income to pay the fees .
If such scenarios are already occurring to those elderly who have family , the situation would be worse for old folks who have no one to turn to except for the government .
If the government refuses to help these people who had once contributed to the country , who can they rely on ? ?
Moreover , one will become physically weak as one ages and this will lead a higher tendency to cause a lesion to oneself .
Thus , accessibility in the built environment is especially crucial as the number of people with mobility difficulties will increase significantly over the next 25 years in Singapore ( ) .
Consequently , the government has implemented several policies to lessen the burden of the ageing process while researchers have come up with brilliant inventions to increase the convenience and comfort level for the majority .
However , the ageing process is putting a strain on users ' pockets financially even though the introduction of the facilities benefits them in terms of comfort and convenience .
Although the residents have to pay to enjoy the benefits of convenience , the amount of benefits enjoyed by the residents are definitely more than the value that they have to contribute , in terms of long-term usage .
Thus , there will be no need for them to climb the staircase where they might have the tendency to fall when using it .
On the contrary , with the alteration made to the flats , the elders might rely too much on the lifts rather than using the staircase which could be the only form of exercise for them .
Thus , the convenience might unintentionally exacerbate the health of one being due to the lack of exercise .
Besides that , other countries such as Japan that is facing ageing population problems have spent a large amount on researching and testing on technologies to create healthy lifestyle products and medical equipment .
technological inventions have played another imperative role to ease the process of ageing .
Numerous innovations have been developed to ease the problems faced by everyone .
In addition , there is a robotic suit that reads brain signals and helps people with mobility problem ( ) launched in Japan, .
( ) .
To sum up , current research has done a marvelous job on inventing new technologies that have helped to ease the ageing process of elders and the disabled .
The advanced technologies have proven to enhance the comfort zone with sophisticated medical equipment and lifestyle electronic products .
Over the past few decades technological advances has increased significantly .
The average life expectancy has also increased , meaning that the elderly population will form a majority of the population .
Thanks to modern research and development , the aging process has been made less painful not only to the elderly , but to the societies as well .
As a person ages , physical changes in one 's body occurs and their functions degrade with time .
It was observed that more than one third of the elderly fall each year , and the chances of falling increases proportionately with age , and that three quarters of elderly falls were caused by " non-elderly friendly " design flaws of buildings .
Therefore , a prevention measure , in the form of upgrading public facilities have been implemented to prevent this from happening .
This can be achieved through introduction of inventions such as step-free buses , which helps ease the difficulty of elderly climbing up the steps of the bus .
Architectural design with elder friendly considerations will be crucial so that the chances of an injury in their homes will be kept to a minimal .
There has also been an increase in usage of slip free tiles in wet markets , a place frequented by the elderly .
Furthermore , people , being a country 's most valuable asset who have once contributed to the economy during their prime , should be entitled to all these inventions which will make their age transition less painful .
The government faces great challenges as the increase in the proportion of elderly aged 65 years and above grew from 7.4 percent in the year 2003 to 8.5 percent in the year 2007 [ Singapore Resident Population , 2003-2007 .
As the world develops and progresses in medical science as well as in other fields , fields it has enabled the human race to make suitable changes .
The Family Court of Singapore has established laws to ensure that an adult child has to put forth effort to support their own parents through informal and familial channels , for example : Parents Maintenance Act .
Thus , this gives an impression to the aged that they are redundant and useless in the society .
Low self-esteem grows in the hearts of the elderly and can cause psychological instability , especially when they have been the head of the family in the past .
This drastic change can cause the elderly to be unable to keep up with the pace of the society .
This sharp reduction in labour growth is expected to cause the average GDP expansion to slow to 3.9 per cent between 2006 and 2030 , down from 6.9 per cent from 1981 to 2005 .
Defence which the government has spent quite a huge sum on , aims to protect the nation from increased threats of other countries and finally education which is important in grooming the future leaders of society . These are just some examples of other areas of the government 's expenditure .
These unhappy events will involve the deterioration of health as well as the occurrence of mental and physical disturbance .
But of course , it is not right for anyone to say that the older generations should be taking care of themselves and not bother others is n't it ?
Therefore , the combination of both sides has helped to ease the aging process
Nowadays , in the Singapore context , we have special entrance and places for the disabled or older persons in MRT Stations. .
All these infrastructure allows the older generation to have more freedom in their action and they do not need to compete with the younger generations .
Thirdly , the search for foreign talents is often considered as higher priority compared to the employment of older generations when it comes to the country 's development .
This results in the lack of employment by the older generation and thus they will have financial issues trying to support themselves .
Although incentives are given to companies who hire local older generation workers , the upgrading of skills of the older generation has been done as well , in order for them to be more competitive in the job market .
Imagine , how life would be for the older generation now if we are still using methods from a few decades ago ?
As the baby boomers are now approaching their senior years , there is an obsession for youth and beauty .
The negative effects of aging are major problems which the aging population is facing As people get older , it becomes more difficult for them to complete their daily tasks due to the loss of muscles and strength and health problems such as diabetes , cancer and dementia are commonly found .
Christiaan Leeuwenburgh , Ph.D. , an associate professor of aging and geriatric research at the UF College of Medicine stated that with lower calorie intake and moderate exercise program , significant signs of dysfunction in the aging process are found in key organs such as the liver ( Christiaan Leeuwenburgh , 2006 ) .
It is amazing to see a sixty year old woman exercising at a gym and dressed like a forty year old working adult .
However , if the person maintains a positive attitude and lives a healthy lifestyle , the aging process could be slowed down .
Therefore , this shows that research and development and policies are not the only factors that reduces the aging process , the mindset and attitude of a person is also a contributing factor .
According to John Kressaty ( 2008 ) , the head chemist at 3Lab,Inc who was in charge of the product h " Serum , an age defying booster , supported that clinical studies has shown with the use of this technology , that there was a fifty percent reduction in the depth of the wrinkles after using the product for four weeks .
A declining population and a longer life expectancy results in an aging population , causing a high dependency ratio in some countries .
However , it should be noted that the limitation should not be too much to the extent that the aged are neglected and are not being provided with the basic needs of living .
The general perception is that over spending of public funds on the aged would lead to over-dependency on the government .
In Singapore , the government allocated huge sums of money to build the two Integrated Resorts and host the Grand Prix Formula One night race to promote tourism and investments , leading to an increase in revenue .
This is because , the wealth may not be distributed appropriately and furthermore , there is always uncertainty in investments and returns are not guaranteed .
New cures of diseases may also be invented , like Alzheimer 's disease , which is a common illness among the elderly and it does not have an exact cure at present .
This would thus benefit the elderly who would require an increasing need for healthcare services .
It is thus necessary for the government to subsidise healthcare costs in ensuring the availability and affordability of these services .
However , we should also keep in mind that infrastructure development not only improves the economy , but also improves and brings convenience to the lives of people , especially the aged .
Some money should be set aside to provide tbasic housing and transport facilities that are elder friendly . for example to build lifts with grab- bars and lower the platform of the buses .
Although the government 's spending on the aged may be minimised to develop a country 's infrastructure for greater economic benefits , there should be at least some effort by the government to satisfy the social needs of the older citizens by building an elder-friendly place , making it a comfortable place for them to live in .
In conclusion , public spending on the aged should be limited as over- provision would cause over-reliance of the elderly and lead to an inefficient and low productive workforce and population .
The money could have been put into better use by diverting it to other productive developments to improve the country 's economy and overall standard of living .
Today , with constant breakthroughs in medical research and development as well as reassessment in social policies , the aging process has been eased for many .
This is extremely helpful to the aging population and especially for women who are known to be more concerned about their outward appearance .
The improvements in appearance may relieve the emotional stress of aging and gain further access to many opportunities .
Nonetheless as time passes , new technologies are constantly being introduced and the prices of relatively older aesthetic procedures will eventually become more affordable to the majority of the aging population .
In Singapore , the government has reassessed the ElderShield policy in the year 2007 .
According to Singapore 's Ministry of Health , the policy is an affordable severe disability insurance scheme which provides basic finances to those who require long-term care during old age .
As the population ages , it is more difficult for them to work as efficiently as before and their market value also falls .
Despite the introduction of these policies , there are still some elderly who are excluded from these schemes .
Although the current social policies can help to build up the financial capability of the aging population and make their aging process easier , there remains an unprotected group .
Therefore , the different social policies have been introduced to complement one another so as to ensure the entire aging population receives a form of financial support when they are in need .
The policies intends to benefit as many aged as possible and thus it is possibly true to say that the technologies and the policies have helped the majority of the aging population to cope with their problems more effectively today .
The advances in science and technology has brought both opportunities and challenges to our society .
One of the difficulties is the increase in life expectancy , the result of considerable improvement to life 's quality , leads to the growing burden in developed countries over the years .
Based on Singapore 's context , veterans ' retirement saving scheme is a feasible solution to ease the aging issue but there are still some problems that need to be carefully analysed .
The Central Provident Fund ( CPF ) in Singapore is an inclusive social saving plan that require savings from the labour force in order to better prepare for an aging population in terms of retirement , health care , home ownership and family protection .
The fact that it may pose serious challenges for financial resources and the caring from the younger generation when the aging population changes rapidly urges people to alter the way they support themselves .
( Singapore CPF Board , 2009 ) In addition , Singapore 's aging population might decrease a 3 percentage segment of its long-term economic growth and the elderly support programme from Government could cost more than 7 % of GDP according to the recent national report .
Having the fastest demographic change , but by applying sensible planning and policies , currently , Singapore 's CPF achieves the highest exposure than any other retirement plan in Asia and adds from 16.3 to 30.4 % to Gross National savings rate .
( Asher , 1995 ) Alleviating the aging structure , the contributions to these savings are deductible in Singapore as the Governments aim to address basic needs and medical expenses security and stability for aging population .
However , more effort needs to be put into strategic planning for bridging the retirement saving gap as this , basically , is a method of short-term .
The debates on this national strategy also lies on the ownership of the money raised in this government programme and the part of employees and employers .
All in all , the result of retirement saving scheme is acceptable in the society as a whole and it is an undeniably necessary step we need to take to cope up with the burden of a speedily aging population .
Singapore has a low population and a transparent administration in compared to other Asian countries to attain high workability from this programme and hopefully , it can reach a higher level when the health care and employability policies are implemented .
Therefore , we emphasize that public spending on the elderly should not be totally absent but limited .
Also , this increased integration would also mean people are able to travel between countries more easily , bringing about tourism which is a highly profitable and marketable economic sector , therefore the need for public spending on hotels , recreational facilities , etc .
Being a country highly dependent on the foreign market and , Singapore has a need for better skilled workers in the future as competition is bound to reach more advanced levels .
Hence , there is a need for public spending in terms of better training for teachers , better school facilities such as advanced technological equipments and schemes for an all rounded curriculum .
All children born on or after 17 August 2008 will also enjoy government contributions in the form of a dollar-for-dollar matching for the amount of savings contributed to the child 's Children Development Account ( CDA ) " .
For example , Singapore has a well connected system of foster homes and hospices providing the elderly with a comfortable environment .
What is therefore needed is a wise plan for limited yet sufficient public spending on the aged so that money can be diverted to other areas of the country 's development .
On top of that , the government has implemented mandatory schemes like Central Provident Funds to ensure that all Singaporeans have sufficient amount of money for the latter part of their lives .
Human aging is known to be a continuous , complex and dynamic process that starts with birth and ends with death .
Everyone will eventually grow old and experience the effects of the aging process .
Even though it is a natural process , which every individual knows that he or she will have to undergo , many still fear the process of aging and dying .
The development of anti-aging medicine such as anti-aging injections , special mineral waters and other products and services like hormone replacement has helped to slow down the fundamental process of human aging and prolong human life .
Anti-aging injections such as Botox is one of the anti-aging medicines that many elderly , especially older women , depend on as a solution for youth .
For the majority , physical appearances are usually the first sign of aging ; hence , look-conscious individuals turn to Botox when they want to retain their looks or to look even better when they age .
Hence , only when they look physically good , will they feel good emotionally as well .
Therefore , they might turn to counterfeit products that may cause even more harm to their body .
This will not pose a threat as it can be overcome with strict regulation by the authorities on anti-aging medicines .
Besides the amount of anti-aging medicine available in the market , advanced technology has also helped to ease a generation into old age despite the fact that some elderly people might not be able to accept these complex technologies .
From simple gadgets to complex computer systems , marketers are developing almost everything to ensure that the elderly do not face any difficulties in the transitioning process .
For example , some luxury car companies such as Lincoln offer night vision that projects an infrared image of the road within the car .
With such an invention , failing eyesight will not be the reason to stop old people from driving ; therefore , they will not feel emotionally affected by the inability to drive .
Elderly often perceive that old age is a barrier for them to continue doing things that they like because there is a big difference in them physically .
However , this is not always true because technology can overcome some obstacles that they face during the aging process .
For instance , at the Institute of Technology 's AgeLab in Massachusetts , they invented shoes with battery-powered vibrating soles that will stimulate nerves to improve balance for the elderly .
As there are many other complications if an elderly person were to fall down , such inventions help to prevent the elderly from falling down .
According to Stansfeld ( 1998 ) , loneliness , lack of social support and isolation are identified as major risk factors that when combined can increase the risk of stressful life events in old age .
Therefore , policymakers need to implement new policies to ensure that elderly people enjoy a happy yet productive life even when they age .
Indeed , current research and development in areas like medicine and technology and the implementation of new social policies have helped to lessen the discomfort that the aging process will cause among the elderly to a large extent .
Moreover , they need to adopt an attitude that refuses to succumb to the traditional stereotypes of them as the process of aging is controlled by one 's beliefs , thinking and .
In addition , individual effort like getting sufficient sleep and nutrition has to be made to slow down the aging process physically and mentally .
In conclusion , actual age does not inhibit one 's ability to living life to the fullest .
With the right mind and attitude , one can easily and comfortably overcome the aging process especially with the aid of the latest medicine and technology available in the market as they play an important role in helping to ease the aging process .
Remember the old adage , " Take The Bull By The Horns ? "
This saying used in the ageing process implies that people must do everything in their power to look into the difficulties faced as they age .
This has been a vital issue globally because slowing down and easing the aging process can extend life expectancy and .
To deal with such challenges , research and development as well as the implementation of policies have come into the picture .
Architecture is one of the fields in research and development that plays an essential part for the aged .
In addition , social policies have also played a major part in solving the ageing process .
National policy which pays special attention to the elderly has been ameliorating over time for the benefit of the older people .
The ageing process ( Wikipedia ) refers to the multidimensional process of physical , psychological and social change .
Therefore , the process of ageing could eventually , pose problems especially in physical aspects such as arthritis , rheumatism , and various types of impairment .
Implementation of both , research and development and policies could help to solve these issues , but it does not alleviate them entirely .
As policy changes and the need for technology increases , .
For instance , the Central Providence Fund is a policy which helps people to save for their retirement .
As a result , the elderly , who depend on the fund , would have the mindset of not saving up for an emergency or the thought of having longer working periods .
Thus , those elderly who have subsequently used up their funds will then seek financial help .
Moreover , policies or welfare schemes are only provided for cases which require specific attention .
In this case , not all elderly people will be .
This in turn , creates
Even though research and development or policies in can have an unconstructive impact , it still has a positive impact in aiding the ageing process .
In countries like Japan , the United States and Singapore , research and development has come up with technologies for the welfare of the aged .
Hence , there are other devices developed that have helped to relieve the accessibility of the aged as they move from one place to another in the building .
In this program , the government has set aside $ 40 million into the Accessibility fund so as to encourage owners of buildings to provide accessibility features in existing or new buildings .
( BCA , 2002 ) Therefore , having accessibility features like ramps and accessible toilets helps to minimize the problems faced by the aged .
Likewise , National policy has also helped to improve the lives of the elderly .
The government has considered various aspects of policy such as employment , financial security , health and recreational needs , social services and institutional care , and family relations .
As reported , " most of the elderly are in favor of raising the retirement age due to financial security " .
( Ministry of Social Affairs , 1983 ) As they grow older , the need for adequate income is essential to sustain the high cost of living in Singapore .
Thus , in order to ease this issue faced by the aged , the government has raised the retirement age beyond 62 and introduced various schemes .
Scheme ( WDA , 2007 ) and SME Manpower Scheme aims to encourage and allow employers to employ older workers .
Other than employment policies , the government has also implemented policy to aid in the health care of the elderly .
The health care policy provides supports such as financial assistance , manpower assistance and the allocation of premises to non-governmental organizations which is also known as , the Voluntary Welfare organization ( VWO ) .
The services provided by the VWOs are day care centres , hospices , nursing homes and many more .
Henceforth , the policies
Solutions , for instance , decision making for the policies and development of technologies through research can definitely influence the aged .
Certainly , there are pros and cons of the latter situation .
Nevertheless , the pros have offset the cons as shown previously .
IIt is recommended that more policies be considered and technologies be developed in order to improve the life of the elderly .
Other than that , the elderly must also play their part by creating more awareness in society and participating actively in the policies or devices produced for them .
It can be argued to a certain extent that current public spending on the aged should be limited so that the money saved could be used in other areas of the country 's development .
The problem of an aging population is an issue for most developed countries .
Judging from the statistics , the elderly will form a relatively big portion of the country 's population structure in the near future .
This implies that the impact of the aging society will increase with time .
Therefore , it is important for countries to tackle the situation before it reaches its peak .
But nonetheless , countries that are already dealing with the problem of their aging population have identified the limitations of the policies that are implemented .
This indicates that perhaps the emphasis towards the investment of the country 's revenue should be diverted to other area such as economic investments and improving the education system to further boost the rate of advancement of a country .
in additionl , a pool of reserve funds should be available to cope with the rise in aging population as well .
This is because the problem of an aging population affects the rate of development of a country in the long run .
And if this problem persists , it will gradually become a roadblock for the future advancement of society .
The approaches that countries usually adopt to solve the aging issue include the prolonging of the working lives of the elderly and the provision of an array of welfare pension schemes for them .
But the controversy of the ability of the elderly to generate more wealth in comparison to the remunerative younger working adults had deterred many private companies .
As a result , the government has to provide funding for companies to encourage them to retain their elderly workers .
But this move is viable as the vast knowledge and experience that these elderly workers have gained over the years of working in the company .
This will in turn generate more economical benefits for companies .
This two tier solution would definitely help the progress of a country .
It provides a sense of financial security for the elderly as high medical costs would be highly subsidised .
As a result , it helps to reduce the reliance on the public welfare schemes , allowing a more of the funds in other aspects of the country .
But on the other hand , there are also other important areas that public spending could be used on to facilitate the country 's development .
This would allow additional financial iinput for the country to tap upon to provide greater welfare benefits for its citizens .
Besides , focus could also be placed upon education for the younger generation .
Equipping students with essential technical skills would require a considerable amount of funds .
However , considering the future financial input that these well-equipped workforces would generate , proves that it is a worthwhile investment for the country .
Finally , all in all , a country should deal closely with the issues of an aging population .
Being flexible about the limitations of funds and not rigidly capping the maximum budget for the elderly , will allow more room for a greater variety of solutions to be carried out .
In addition , there is no need to neglect the developments of other areas of investments such as the dual approach of slowing down the process of the aging population . Lastly , improvements in other areas of society will bring about a quantum leap in the country 's development .
Since the aging process has given the country 's economy ,
scientists have invented methods , compounded medicine and also introduced a solution for the aging process .
Medical scientists create treatments which are able to prolong human longevity .
For example , stem cells recently have been an effective way to make the human dream come true .
In medical science , there has been promising break-through research in finding the application of stem cells in anti-aging .
Stem cells , coming from the umbilical cord of a mammal , can successfully regenerate tissues destroyed by diseases such as old age .
Its options are limitless for regenerating skin , muscle tissue , lost eyes etc . If successful , they also help organ breakdown .
Nowadays , with medical treatment , people can be " young " for a longer time bringing about better health when they reach their old age .
That 's why when they are able to live in their physical condition of 30-years-old even if they are over 70 , they will work longer and will be able to accumulate more wealth which they could use to support themselves in their old age .
Secondly , medical science has also come up with many types of anti-aging drugs such as Deprenyl , one of the best anti-aging drugs currently available .
Anyway , not all the drugs are good and cheap so finding a suitable drug is a tough task .
Furthermore , the nutrition industry has also jumped in this battle against the aging problem with milk and other products like Quintessence that .
It would not only help the government to reduce the amount of money they have to spend on the welfare program for the elderly , but also provide the elderly with a chance to have a rich old-life .
Therefore , they may get even more money on their own rather than receiving money from government welfare .
Natural solutions to the anti aging process include fruits and vegetables .
Fruits like apples , strawberries , etc contain ellagic acid that has the capacity to hinder the growth of tumors within the body and those such as cantaloupe , peaches , etc contain lycopene gthat guard the body 's cells and organs like the heart and bladder from damage caused by free radicals .
Vegetables would also demonstrate the same benefits in antioxidant capabilities , for example , Genistein in soybeans works as cancer gene enzyme inhibitor .
Besides , people who usually do gymnastics will live longer and healthier than those do not .
Some may argue that fruit and gymnastics do not play any part in easing the aging process .
In fact by doing physical exercise , their immunity increases , making them immunized against lots of bacteria and viruses .
A healthy diet along with gymnastics will prevent .
To countries with old populations , medical science needs to be considered and invested more in so that we will have more and better ways of easing the aging process .
Furthermore , medical science is one of the effective solutions for the aging process , which helps ease the economic burden for the country by reducing the money for old people 's welfare , diverting it to other areas of the country 's development .
This is expected to reach 20 % in 2030 ( Seah , 2007 ) .
Thus , measures for aiding the increasing aging population in terms of healthcare subsidies and daily expenditures should be proactively prepared .
Firstly , greater productivity should be encouraged with the younger generation being cost-efficient and productive .
Lastly , people could be encouraged to have proactive savings when they have a job to save up for a rainy day ( Peter G. Peterson , 2001 ) .
Therefore , the aging population is not an insurmountable problem , funds could be sub-divided for expenditure in other sectors such as education , tourism and Research and Development ( R&D ) .
Firstly , education is important in Singapore as it secures the future of the younger generation .
At tertiary level , the National University of Singapore ( NUS ) , and the Nanyang Technological University ( NTU ) are leading local universities .
Funds are constantly pumped into the education system for the financing of students and also for constant improvements in the education system .
For example , the Tuition Grant Scheme is provided for the subsidising of high school fees .
Hence , funds have to be constantly injected for new tourist attractions and contingency plans in the case of an economic crisis .
For example , in February 2009 , the Singapore Tourism Board announced that an incentive of $ 90 million has been provided for the BOOST ( Building On Opportunities to Strengthen Tourism ) which is targeted at aiding the tourism sector during challenging times ( Singapore Tourism Board , 2009 ) .
Lastly , R&D is extensively utilized in major institution projects , for innovation and creativity in new developments and for environmental concerns .
For example , R&D is supported by the National Research Foundation which focuses on areas such as Environmental , Water Technologies and Interactive and Digital Media .
In addition , R&D discovered NEWater and ensured its consistent high quality for the past few years ( Channel News Asia , 2009 ) .
Due to globalization , the aged have become richer and of better health .
However , a portion of the population could still need financial help such as those with lower incomes .
Hence , funds spent on the aged should be limited in order to accommodate any high expenses in the three sectors that contribute a large proportion of revenue to the economy .
On the whole , the aging population is not an insurmountable problem .
Hence , public spending on the aged should be limited in order for funds to be sub-divided among the education , tourism and R&D sectors which are the main sources of revenue .
In turn , with more revenue being generated , more benefits and financial aid could be provided to the aged which benefits the country as a whole .
Aging population is a global issue nowadays , especially in developed countries .
This will soon affect Asian countries with serious repercussions .
Due to the size of the increasing aging population , public spending on the aged has been rising .
Hence , this has exerted more pressure on society , which could lead to problems such as low social security , economic depression and inadequate education .
Hence , it is essential to limit public spending on the elderly , so more money can be diverted to other areas of the country 's development .
It is essential to set spending limits on healthcare .
As healthcare services gradually increase , public spending on the aged also increases .
In 2026-2027 , seniors will represent 22 percent of the population and will be responsible for close to 60 percent of total health care spending ( Population Aging,2009 .
An aging population has placed the federal budget on an " imprudent and unsustainable path " and that " passage of time only serves to worsen this situation ( Congress Daily , 2009 ) . " .
To maintain the healthcare system for the elderly , a significant amount of money will have to be spent on it , which may have serious consequences for society .
Therefore , the government should adjust spending on healthcare to an appropriate level .
Setting limits on spending on the aged would raise indignation among the elderly , especially among people without savings , poor single women , and the illiterate .
Some may say it is inhumane to limit spending on the aged .
However , policy makers should always look at the interests of the whole country rather than just focusing on one particular area .
In conclusion , .
Money saved from reduced spending on the aged can then be invested in other areas for instance education .
When education is enhanced , graduates have a higher chance of getting a job and hence contributing to the economic development of the country .
In addition , together with the development of economy , the young adults would be capable of supporting their parents .
Furthermore , they could enjoy high living standards and security in life .
Generally , the government would have enough budget to empower the stable development of the country , and to maintain the welfare and pension system at an acceptable level .
To illustrate that these are only some of the many benefits which can be achieved from reducing spending on the aged .
To conclude , it is vital for the government to limit spending on the aged to a reasonable level , so money can be invested in different aspects of the country 's development .
In the short run , the country may face difficulties , but in the long run it will be beneficial to society .
During the past decades , the lifespan of human beings has been rising rapidly .
Advanceddvanced research and developments in every aspect of life have completely re-defined the word old. .
The aging process refers to changes in the biologicall , physical and social conditions of an individual as time goes by .
People used to think that it was naturally driven and that there was no way to on it .
However , it has eventually been proven that what we used to think is not necessarily right .
Medicine nowadays gives us a strong belief that the aging process is something we can alter .
Results of different research have revealed that there are certain components which help to maintain a healthy cell like antioxidants , enzymes , hormones or " no cellular waste " ( Dr. Grey , 2005 ) . "
Together with cell collapse , diseases like heart disease or cancer , speed up the process .
Luckily , modern medicine can provide procedures to cure serious diseases and to prevent aging .
For example , doctors nowadays can build a complete plan to slow down the aging process ; such a plan includes an individualized nutritional , hormonal , dietary and exercise program .
After six months of joining the program , the biological age of a man can decrease by 20 years .
Developments in technological inventions have been having an impact on detecting and curing aging diseases .
Human beings have an increased understanding of the biological system of their own body
Once the reasons are known , researchers can come up with ideas of how to slow down or even reverse aging .
Besides , there are many other types of equipment which helps in the treatment of anti-aging .
Although almost everyone agrees that economics is a vital component in the world 's life , not many people realize that it also plays an important part in easing the aging process .
The effects caused by the global economy indirectly control the speed of aging .
In developed countries with strong economies , health issues and other social services are sure to be cared much more about than in undeveloped ones .
With a simple comparison between Western societies with those from Africa , significant differences in life expectancy and actual lifespan can be seen. .
While Western people tend to live long happy lives with a small number of serious diseases , people from African countries usually have a much shorter life expectancy .
However , economic problems may have a very bad impact on efforts to slow down the aging process .
This will be reflected in their bad habits like over-working and also harm their mental health , which will shorten their lifespan .
After much research , it is not surprising to know that , usually , the richest man is not the happiest man .
But again , these are individual lifestyles so a person should be able to change it easily by himself putting some understanding into it and by making an effort .
Human beings , with their intelligence , can find ways to ease the aging process .
The only problem left is that with a longer life , what will a person do to give back to society and the next generations ?
Aging population and longer life expectancy will inevitably lead to rapidly increasing elderly residents .
Housing , which is one of the basic needs of elderly people , is significant because the elderly need a safe , pleasing and interactive environment for their old age .
Policymakers have implemented various strategies to ensure older people own a home while enjoying sufficient retirement income for old age dependency .
The elderly will face more specific needs such as the needs for social and healthcare support .
Hence , a residential environment specially planned to meet their physical , social and recreational requirements is a must ( ( Libencore,2009 )
Nowadays , various kinds of retirement housing is being developed in many countries like the United States Japan and Singapore .
In Australia , the Granny Flats , which are integrated with elder-friendly fixtures and fittings , have been developed to facilitate independent living of the elderly .
Besides , housing developers nowadays are focusing on creating a barrier free housing estate in order to enhance the
A barrier free environment allows elderly people to have safe and easy access to the social facilities and amenities within their neighborhood .
For example , the Singapore government has committed lots of funds to improving the mobility of elderly people by retrofiting lifts to stop on every floor in public housing .
However , a safe and accessible environment for elderly people is vital .
It can lead to healthy , increased well-being and an
Therefore , it can be anticipated that more elderly-friendly features will be set up in our neighborhood in future .
Most countries have provided various housing schemes to ensure an adequate supply of affordable accommodation for the aging population .
Under these schemes , housing developers are subsidized with lower land costs to build retirement housing , while needy elderly are given priority access to public housing .
It may be argued that a number of elderly people are " asset-rich , cash-poor " .
They own a house but do not have sufficient funds to meet their basic needs in old age ( Ministry , 2006 ) .
Nevertheless , there are policies that allow the elderly to monetize their housing assets .
In Singapore , the Lease Buyback Scheme helps the elderly in smaller flats to monetize flat value whilst continuing to stay in the same flat .
Hence , it can be noticed that the housing needs as well as the financial needs of elderly have been effectively tackled by various public policies .
On the other hand , senior activity centres are also developed in housing estates to encourage the elderly to remain integrated in society .
Indeed , these strategies have effectively enabled elderly people to lead a fruitful and meaningful social life .
Clearly , the quality of life of elderly people has become more enjoyable through various housing developments , policies and improvement programmes .
These efforts have successfully eased the issues of an aging population .
A blending of housing schemes and developments that help older people to live as independently as possible can be looked forward to in the future .
One cause for this is related to the baby boomers , who are mostly now in their late fifties or early sixties .
In Singapore , this constitutes to 31 % of its population and approximately half of the workforce .
born in 1946 to 1964 , they are fast approaching the national retirement age of 63 .
In other words , in 10 years ' time , half of the citizens who are currently employed at work would have been retired .
Among some other issues that the elderly face are those of deteriorating physical condition and old-age sickness , which might cause a strain on the local healthcare system and financial system of the country .
In anticipation of this , governments have set in place policies as well as initiatives to ease the ageing process for both the individual and society .
In the context of Singapore , some of these include mandatory personal retirement funds , development of the health sector to better manage an ageing population , as well as encouraging longer working lives .
The CPF is a mandatory savings plan for workers , where a portion of their income is being set aside in this fund , and will be made available to them once they have retired .
This policy provides for financial security for the elderly as they would be financially dependent , and need not rely on public initiatives or their children for money in their golden years .
With this policy , the government is then able to redirect resources to more vital sectors .
Critics of this position point out their concerns over the misuse of the funds once it is being made available .
Participants of this new and compulsory scheme named " Lifelong Income for The Elderly " ( LIFE ) will receive lifelong monthly payouts from their CPF accounts .
Instead of being granted with a lump sum of money upon retirement , this ensures that the elderly do not exhaust their retirement funds too quickly , thereby easing reliance on public funds .
Another policy introduced by the Singaporean government is to encourage the citizens to work longer .
This may be implemented by giving tax rebates or financial incentives to companies which are proactive in the employment of older workers .
There is also evidence to show that the government is encouraging this ; such as from the proposed increase in retirement age from 63 to 65 years by 2012 .
A longer working life would alleviate the manpower shortage in the next decade , when a majority of the baby boomers are set to retire .
At the same time , with more social interaction at work , the elderly will not feel lonely .
This allows the elderly to know that they are still being appreciated , and on top of that , it is beneficial for them . A study ( Robert , 2007 ) has shown that the elderly who feel less lonely have a lower risk of getting Alzheimer 's disease .
This might reduce potential foreign investments .
However , the correct implementation of this policy will help to solve this problem .
By acknowledging that the elderly are slightly slower than their younger counterparts , companies can arrange for more suitable jobs for them .
Equipped with their valuable experience , the elderly are the best candidates to offer advices , and to groom individuals .
Therefore , they will be financially independent .
For example , advances in surgery have helped developed a non-invasive surgery technique for glaucoma , one of the main leading diseases among the elderly .
One impending problem with such rapid technological advances in medicine would be the rising cost of healthcare which is brought about by the intensive research processes to develop new cures and treatments .
With most of the elderly retired and having no source of income , they might be unable to fund their medical expenses should the need arise .
Introduced by the Ministry of Health in 1984 , Medisave would set aside a portion of an individual 's income to be made available to fund medical expenses should the need arise .
With this fund , most Singaporeans will retire with a sum of money which can be used to pay for medical expenses .
This reduces the possible reliance of public funds for funding medical expenses for the elderly .
In conclusion , this essay has illustrated that the current policies in Singapore have helped ease the ageing process to a large extent .
Policies such as implementing the CPF , raising the retirement age and developing healthcare policies have helped to ease the ageing process in the society , thereby reducing the effects of an ageing population .
The issue of an ageing population is a great challenge faced by many developed countries in the 21st century .
The great advances in medical technology over the years have resulted in improvements in the health conditions of individuals , and hence reducing the likelihood of them contracting life-threatening diseases .
The life expectancies of individuals have increased due to better accessibility to healthcare services and facilities .
As such , this has increased the need for public spending on the aged in order to fund for the needs of the elderly which include the construction of facilities for the elderly and the provision of healthcare subsidies .
It could be argued that public spending on the aged is being carried out at the expense of a country 's development in other areas . These areas include the education sector which will increase the productivity of a country , and also infrastructure and transport facilities which will serve as attractions for direct foreign investments .
However , Jenson ( 2007 ) reported that it is inevitable that individuals have a higher tendency to consume more healthcare services as they age because of their susceptibility to diseases .
Thus , it is not practical to limit public spending on the aged so that the money can be used alternatively for a country 's developments .
As such , it will be even tougher for the government to cater to the growing needs of the elderly due to a constraint budget , and this problem will affect countries facing an ageing population , such as Japan .
Opponents of this position argued that there is no need to divert too much resources to the elderly because they are no longer contributing to the society .
For instance , the investing of funds for research and development will raise the productive capacity of the country , thereby attracting more direct foreign investments .
However , it is wrong to regard the aged as a burden , because the aged is a national asset that should not be neglected by the society .
Even after they have retired , they continue to contribute to the society , but in different ways , such as taking care of their grandchildren on behalf of their children who are at work .
In this way , they help to coordinate the work life and family life of the working adults
( Conference of European Churches 2007 ) . Consequently , the aged , with their insights and experiences , is a valuable asset to the society and thus public spending on the aged should not be limited .
In addition , spending on the elderly might increase the financial burden of the future generations .
This problem is particularly pertinent in countries challenged by an ageing population and low fertility rate .
This could be due to increased women participation in the workforce , later marriages , and financial costs of having children .
In future , the ageing population might worsen if low fertility rate persisted .
The Inter-Ministerial Committee on Aging Report ( 1999 ) states that in 1999 , 7.3 % of the population comprises older Singaporeans aged 65 and above , and it is expected that they will make up 19 % of the population by 2030 .
They perceived public spending on the aged as a form of liability to a country because such spending brings no future benefits to the country , and may cause the country to neglect its development in essential areas , such as infrastructure and transport facilities , which serve as a pulling force for foreign investments .
Thus , if a limit was not imposed , the economy of a country will be adversely affected in the long run .
However , instead of limiting fiscal spending on the aged , there are alternatives that can improve the productivity of a country .
For instance , when older workers are retrained , they can be as productive as younger workers , and this will also increase their employability .
Alternatively , there should be some adjustments on fiscal spending on the aged based on their percentage in the country 's population .
This will affect the elderly who are either single or have no children , and those who have low educational level .
When they fall ill , the high costs of medical fees may discourage them from seeking medical care , and as a result , their health conditions may deteriorate over time .
As they age , they become more susceptible to diseases , such as osteoporosis .
It will come to a time when they are left with no choice but to seek medical help for their illnesses ; but since they are left with little savings , they are unlikely to be able to pay for the medical expenses .
It is one 's social responsibility to be healthy , and to be accountable for one 's medical expenses should one seek healthcare services , instead of relying on the government for subsidies to lower one 's financial burden .
However , the presence of a fiscal crisis might not necessarily be attributed to fiscal spending on the aged .
The facilities built for the elderly should not be seen negatively because these facilities provide long-term benefits to every individual in the country , since ageing is an unavoidable process .
This applies to the healthcare subsidies , as one will hope that one can be entitled to such privileges when one has limited savings , regardless of one 's age .
In conclusion , instead of placing a limit on the public spending on the aged , the government can look into the few alternatives proposed to ensure that the elderly will not be neglected and will be given sufficient attention as the country pursues its development .
With an increasing number of Singaporeans belonging to the golden age group of sixty-five years old and above , Singapore needs to deal with the financial challenges of an aging population .
An aging population , the result of a decreasing fertility rate and longer life expectancies , will certainly affect Singapore 's economy .
Although the net impact on the Singapore government 's financial position is unsure , public spending on the aged should not be limited and should vary accordingly to the needs of the country .
The population in Singapore is increasing yearly and aging rapidly ( Singapore Department of Statistics , 2008 ) .
Public spending on the aged should fluctuate according to the composition of the aged citizens within the population of Singapore .
Public spending on the aged should not be limited .
Public spending should reflect the current composition of the aged citizens within the Singapore population .
On the other hand , others might argue that by not limiting the public spending on aged means that lesser budget will be allocated to other areas of Singapore 's developments , such as education , defence and health sectors .
This would cripple the economy of Singapore , which has already been affected by the shrinking workforce .
However , by spending more on the aged does not necessarily denote that budget spent on the development of Singapore will be affected .
This is because the public spending could come from the surpluses that Singapore has accumulated over the years .
Aged citizens will require for basic healthcare and treatment .
According to the National Institute of Aging ( 2007 ) , experts predicted that there will be a huge rise in disability resulted from increases in age-related chronic disease in all regions of the world .
This implies that public spending should not be limited as it will be required to subsidise costly healthcare expenses .
This is because the aged population will not be able to afford the financial burden for the recurrent treatment of their illnesses .
Truly , aged citizens accounted for greater than 40 % of the total hospitalisation days in public sector hospitals in 2006 ( Ministry of Heath , 2007 ) .
On the other hand , it is fortunate that the Singapore Central Provident Fund ( CPF ) , which is the fundamental pillar of our social security framework for the aged , lends itself readily to provide for the needs of aging population .
Each citizen 's CPF account consists of Medisave , Medishield and Medifund , which help individuals to put aside portions of their income to meet their medical expenses when they are old .
The medisave accounts assist older Singaporeans to pay for their expensive medical bills .
Public spending will keep increasing and should not be limited as the aging population in Singapore progresses .
In addition , elderly are having higher life expectancies rate due to the advancement of medical healthcares and technologies .
This would imply that lots of public funds would be required to build an environment with suitable facilities for the elderly .
Public spending will be required and should not be limited for modifications works , such as lift upgrading projects that enable the lift to stop at every level of the flat .
Besides , public spending will be required for modifications works in neighbourhood estates , such as the building of more railings and slopes with anti-slipped layer ( Tong , 2007 ) .
In addition A neighbourhood could be specially developed with slopes , railings and lifts that cater to every floor of the flat .
This would help to limit the public spending on the elderly as the elderly can be grouped together and special needs will be provided for them in that neighbourhood .
More funds could then be spent on other areas of Singapore 's development .
However , this would create an impression that the elderly are unwanted and being left alone .
It also means that the government is encouraging the elderly not to stay with their families .
Furthermore , modifying facilities such as a lift to stop at every floor of the flat , railing and slopes with anti-slipped features , not only benefits the elderly but also the handicapped and residents living in the estates .
It allows heavy and bulky items to be unloaded from a vehicle and delivered to the flats using slopes and lift without much effort .
People should see these modifications as assets to the neighbourhood estates rather than expenses incurred on the elderly .
Therefore public spending should not be limited as the elderly . Eventually all flats will require a lift that serve every floors if not alternate floors and elderly-friendly facilities which can be beneficial to all .
In conclusion , fertility rates are declining while life expectancies are increasing around the world .
Therefore public spending on the aged should not be limited and should fluctuate according to changes such as impending demographic shift , population growth and healthcare expenses .
However , it is also important for Singaporeans to plan ahead so that they can depend on several sources of income to sustain their old-age livings and at the same time ease the burden of public spending on the aged .
Employers should also do their part in changing their traditional perceptions that aged employees are unproductive and potential burden to society ( Harper , 2001 ) .
Employers should try to retain and retrain older workers for them to be retained in the labour force ; this will extend theirorking lives and they will be in a better economic position to sustain themselves .
Public spending is the amount of money expended by a government to pay the maintenance of defence , development projects , education , social security , health , infrastructure , law and order .
It represents a large share of the Gross Domestic Product ( GDP ) and has a major impact on the productivity of the whole economy .
The elderly in a country are usually supported by public spending .
It is argued that the government should provide more public assistance to the elderly and not to limit the amount of spending on them .
However , some people may not realize that there are many countries which are already having high public spending .
Schuknecht and Tanzi ( 2005 ) stated that many countries have peaked at almost 52 % of Gross Domestic Product ( GDP ) over the past twenty years .
Most countries tend to spend more than half of the public funds on social protection , health and the aged .
Mahal and Berman ( 2006 ) mentioned that several studies have indicated that expenses of health and social protection for the elderly are usually much greater than those non-elderly .
If countries are to increase their public spending on the aged further , it may cause the proportion of public spending to be spent on other important areas , such as infrastructure and education , to be lessened .
Therefore , public spending on the elderly should be limited and controlled to prevent it from increasing further .
In view of the aging population problem , some people argued that we should not limit public and financial assistance to the elderly because of the increasing number of elderly in an aging population .
However , the increase in public spending means that working people may need to pay higher taxes , as public spending is supported mainly by taxation .
The Straits Time ( 2009 ) mentioned that the huge increases in public spending could slow down countries ' economic growth .
In an aging society , it is important to limit and control the increasing public spending on the aged .
If not , there could be a drop in the GDP and eventually the percentage of public spending on the aged could be reduced too .
It should be the responsibility of the country to ensure that all the aged , who have contributed to the society , to be properly assisted in their old age .
However , when public spending on the aged is not limited and allowed to be raised continuously , everyone in the country is going to suffer in long run .
There might be one day when the country 's work force can no longer support the extremely high amount of public spending .
It may then cause them to fail to take good care of their elderly parents and neglect their needs .
Besides that , a country should try to divert a higher percentage of public spending to other areas that might contribute to the country 's growth and development , such as infrastructure and development projects .
By investing more money in these areas , a country may generate higher return and has a higher GDP growth .
This may again increase the amount of public spending on the aged .
We have to ensure that they are efficient and effective in spending this large amount money and preventing it from rising too high .
To spend too large an amount of public funds on the elderly will definitely burden both the country and the working population .
This can definitely benefit the aged and without adding anyurden to the country 's economy and the next generation .
This alarming trend is stimulated by the decline in fertility rate , medical advances and better health care , which have resulted in longer life expectancies .
Even though this trend would most likely affect Singapore negatively , the government must concern themselves with not only the increasing expenditures on the aged , but also try to divert the budget for the aged to other areas of development .
The limited public spending will increase financial burden for the working population in Singapore .
Medical care tends to be expensive ; this will place a heavy financial burden on those who are caring for the elderly .
On top of the increasing cost of living , the younger generations have to bear the high expenses of taking care of the elderly .
This situation might result in the elderly being neglected by their children due to the excessive pressure caused by a large amount of expenditure .
Critics of this position point out that the elderly themselves impose financial hardship on the working population .
As the aging population increases , the active contributors have to bear the increase burden of paying more taxes .
Although the aging population decreases Singapore 's economic competitiveness , its large demand for health care and special elderly- related goods , such as hearing aids and walking sticks , would boost the economic sectors that produces these goods and services .
Therefore , rather than hindering the development of Singapore , the elderly provide opportunities for these sectors to develop .
In the past , the aged have been through the difficult years of struggling for Singapore 's development , such as the racial riots of the 1960s .
Thus , they are full of experience and wisdom .
As a result , the elderly are likely to be assets in our society , by providing invaluable sources of advice and knowledge .
For example , Minister Mentor Lee Kuan Yew plays an integral role in contributing to Singapore 's progress .
In addition , senior workers have immense experience that would help them serve as advisors to the companies they belong to .
At this point , one may wonder if the elderly posed a financial burden to the development of a country .
However , adjustments to the Central Provident Fund ( CPF ) policies have reduced the burden of the country by providing some of the funds for the elderly in their golden years .
In addition , the increasing of retirement age of workers from 60 to 62 also reduces the burden of supporting the elderly .
In fact , some fast food restaurants have actively recruited the elderly because many are just as reliable and hardworking as their younger counter-parts .
All these show that the elderly could still contribute to the development of Singapore .
If the public spending were limited , there will be financial hardship on the elderly , especially for elderly women .
This will make older women vulnerable financially .
This situation might result in their inability to seek for medical assistance when the need arises .
However , the limited public spending also have some side effects on the country , such as the overall wealth distribution of the country will be unequal .
Thus , instead of limiting public spending on the aged , the government should look for other possible solutions .
Aging population could be a burden , but they are still a part of the country .
However , it is when people can prolong their life-span that governments need to pay attention to another difficulty --- the social influences of an aging population .
It is a controversial issue regarding how much governments should invest in this matter .
Despite the fact that many people approve the idea of unlimited budget for the old , it would be better to set a limit to the governments ' expenses for various reasons .
Investing in the aged is not as profitable as investing in some other domains .
Apparently , it is not the elderly but the younger generation that is the " future " of a country .
Generally , the elderly can not contribute to the development of their countries as much as the younger do and it is the younger generation that will assume the responsibilities of consolidating the country 's powers as well as enhancing the nation 's status in the world .
Therefore , instead of spending too much on the old , the government 's budget should focus on the people who will decide the future of its state .
The old people did contribute to the improvements of their countries in the past and consequently , they deserve the government 's care . If the government ignored this problem , the next generation may not be willing to devote itself to the country .
It should , however , be emphasized that governments do pay attention to the aged population .
The article Help the aged ( 2009 ) stresses that " the budget must not forget older people " even when governments are in difficult financial situation .
In other words , governments greatly appreciate the contributions of the elderly and try to offer them more , though they are constrained by a limited budget to do so .
From the point of view of the elderly , the more public expenses governments spend on them , the better the situation would be .
For instance , people will find that there is no need to prepare themselves for old age because the governments will ensure that they will live completely on public welfare .
As a result , the dependence on governments may lead to unexpected problems such as overspending and a lack of budget to invest in other fields .
The Strategy for Older People ( Welsh Assembly Government , 2003 ) also approved that the spending for the old should be limited so that the budget can be balanced and it is considered as a strategy for the long-term development of every country .
The expenses for old people need to expand according to the living standard as well as the increasing expenditure in modern society .
However , the problem lies with the definition of " limited " .
It is a constant proportion of the GDused to support the old people .
When governments have the budget to invest in other areas of the countries ' development , the economy will operate well and he overall income will escalate . As a result , the spending for old people will also increase .
In conclusion , there should be a reasonable limit on the spendingpending for old people so that the governments can balance their expenses .
The aged should also be aware of this situation and be sympathetic towards their governments .
With the combined efforts of governments and individuals , it is possible that countries can achieve many targets at the same time : limited budget for the old people and the development of their nations .
Korea needs to reform its national policies if it hopehoped to create a better and sustainable future society as there will be a lot of negative impacts on the country , such as the inevitable labor shortage , increase in public spending and healthcare problems if the ageing population continues to grow disproportionately with the country 's fertility rate .
This is supported by Jones ( 1995 ) , stating that the increase in population will have strong physical , psychological , social , cultural , economical and cultural implications .
Therefore , in view of this , current research and policies have been carried out by the Korean government and have helped to buffer the ageing process .
A government pension system , namely the National Pension ( NP ) , which is financed in part by employee 's contributions and employer 's liability for general workers was introduced in 1988 for retirees over 60 ( " Silver jobs in lieu of golden years , 2009 ) .
It is the main old- age pension program covering the majority of Korean workers .
Despite this progress , there are still not enough openings for the baby boomers .
So , local governments have established " silver jobs " fair like chaperons for children returning home from late- night cram schools , gas station attendants , opinion survey interviewers and wedding officiators to recruit elderly job seekers as part of the government effort to assist a rapidly growing population of older Koreans in a changing society .
It can be divided into two groups : the recreational programs and community programs .
Although many beneficial services have been provided to the elderly , this program does not seem to be so effective as volunteers may or may not render their services whenever the elderly need them .
It is not a mandatory for them to always lend a hand to the elderly .
Therefore , the government should think of a better way to tackle this problem so that the society will have a domestic routine to serve the elderly who need its assistance .
Due to the low fertility rate and the growing number of elderly in the society , there is a shortage of workforce in certain occupations .
This replacement migration has not only helped to ease the ageing process when older Koreans started to retire , which resulted in the decrease of manpower in certain specialization , it also has helped to buffer the current shortage of labor in the market .
Unfortunately , there are around 65 percent of the immigrants in 1999 who are working illegally ( Bureau of Medium- Sized Industries , 1999 ) .
The large volumes of immigrants to fill up the labor shortage due to population aging has also aroused fears of the loss of national identity ( UN , 2000 ) .
Thus , even though the adoption of the immigrant policy has helped to ease the ageing process , it might not be the best policy to conquer the problem .
Intyre ( 1977 ) once said that old age throughout this century has been seen as a 'social problem ' and this is true when the government has to adopt all kinds of policies to overcome the problem .
With the ageing population , the priority of constructing a sustainable socioeconomic system at the beginning of the twenty- first century must be given .
Peterson ( 2001 ) commented that in many developed countries , an ageing population will lead to a shrinking workforce , long- term stagnation and a decline in real GDP .
Nevertheless , we agree with Frieden ( year ) , who concluded that ageing is not lost youth but a new stage of opportunity and strength .
Therefore , leaders must design a desirable socioeconomic structure under the pressure of an ageing population and environment constraints by identifying the necessary tools to attain stable and sustainable growth before taking any effective actions .
There will be 2 billion people with more than 60 years of age in the year 2050 , according to the UN ( Nichols M. , 2007 ) .
Medical advancements allow people to live longer , and as a result , the number of elderly people has been on the increase .
Currently in many countries , the growing aging population has put a lot of pressure on the social services .
However , we ca n't simply cut public spending on the aged so that money can be diverted to other areas of the country 's development because of 3 reasons . The elderly have contributed to the society and in the short run , old people without any means to support themselves will be struggling to live on . Furthermore , in the long run , we may have to pay twice the price for what we have done .
Firstly , the aged have contributed their youth to the advancement of the society .
More than half a century ago , they have fought to restore peace to our country .
They worked hard to rebuild and develop the war-torn country into what we are living in now .
We owe them for the peace and we have to thank them for developing the country and the safe environment that we are living in .
Public pension , healthcare and all the services for the elderly symbolise our debt of gratitude to what they have done for us .
Wo n't it make us inhumane if we made our benefactors struggle when they are near the end of their lives ?
And how do you feel if the younger generation did this to you ?
Secondly , limiting public spending on the aged means leaving out in the cold these vulnerable sub-groups of elderly people : single women , the uneducated and those who can not save during their young days .
In the report " Demography is Not Destiny , Revisited " ( 2005 ) , R. B. Friedland and L. Summer pointed out that single women have particularly low average incomes .
Furthermore , it is not assured that all are able to save up money during their younger days .
" However , what if they worked hard but still can not afford to eat ?
Let us suppose that the government uses means-testing to limit spending on the elderly . The old people outside the vulnerable sub-groups will either have to continue to work , or rely on their savings or their children to live on .
Moreover , old people are subjected to illnesses which may wipe out all their savings .
Eventually , they will have to depend on their children or ask for help from the government .
Their children who have to support themselves and their own children would have to take care of their parents ' well-being .
With all the extra expenses , the children may not be able to save enough for their own retirement .
This will result in an inescapable and cruel cycle of life which can only be resolved by reverting to the original policy and at the same time , create an abrupt change in budget distribution .
In a country with a growing aging population , the elderly make up a substantial part of the population and play a bigger role in decision-making on many issues .
The country 's social stability will inevitably be disrupted if such a policy is applied forcibly without any consent from the elderly .
Another argument advocating the limiting of budget for the old is that it is better to increase the wealth of the country by investing in the younger generation , which will be the future workforce of the country and temporarily spending lesser on the elderly , who have left , or will soon leave the workforce .
However , in times of difficulties , old people have no one but their families and relatives to rely on , and we are back in the situation that we have discussed earlier .
Furthermore , this strategy does not solve anything since the money diverted to other sectors indirectly become the money spent on the elderly .
In conclusion , we should not limit spending on the aged because it is our way to express our thanks to their contributions to the society and this allows the under-privileged old people to live on to maintain economic and social stability .
According to the United Nations report , the proportion of population aged 60 or above in developed and less developed countries is projected to reach 33 % and 25 % respectively by 2050 ( United Nations , 2002 ) .
The change in the age structure of a country 's population will have a profound impact on the political , social and economical conditions of that country .
While this may be true , such measures are ineffective in reducing old-age poverty as many elderly have little understanding of how the system works and do not possess the necessary financial knowledge to manage their savings and allowance .
As such , the government has to put more emphasis and effort in imparting financial education and providing money advice and information to help the elderly to better finance their savings and incomes .
In another separate study by Chu &Yuen ( 2008 ) , it is stated that around 67 % of the respondents think that the compulsory saving in Hong Kong can not provide them with a happy retirement life as they do not understand about the benefits of Mandatory Provident Fund ( MPF ) scheme and hence do not care about it .
Despite the changes that are being implemented , such measures are insufficient to help the aged as the root problems of rising cost and increasing inaccessibility are not addressed .
Many elderly are uninsured as they fail to realise that many of the illnesses that can be prevented or treated cheaply in the early stages very often worsen into critical conditions .
In addition , although there are health care systems in place , there are still many who do not have access to them .
This is due to the confusing systems that access the elderly base on ambiguous criteria that make it harder for them to obtain the service , as well as information and advice ( Help The aged we will , 2007 ) .
Older workers are often viewed as less dynamic and less creative as compared to the younger workers and thus they are less preferred .
There was a 46 % increase in the number of unemployed people in the UK whereas the biggest increase was those aged 60 and above with an increase of 65 % ( Wallop , 2009 ) .
A possible solution for this is to scrap the national default retirement age which often gives the power to employers to retrench those above this retirement age .
Public spending is the amount of taxation collected by the government to provide for services for its people such as education , health care and law and order maintenance .
Changes in demographic trends have led to the rapid increase in the number of seniors .
If the number of elderly continues to increase , pertinent problems will definitely escalate .
Therefore , the government should spend more on the aged not only to ease their aging process , but also to tackle problems arising from a growing population .
Despite the government 's consistent spending on the old , public spending on the aged should not be limited but should be used accordingly based on the circumstances .
They are the ones who have contributed to the development of the country .
They should at least be compensated for the efforts that they have put in for the younger generations to live more comfortably .
If the government were to place a limit on its spending for the aged , the aged will have to go through more difficult aging processes as there wo n't be sufficient provisions for the elderly to live more comfortably , especially when the country is experiencing a huge demographic change .
However , these elderly constitute only a small portion of the whole aging population .
Supported by the AARP report ( 2007 ) , most Singaporean leaders consider population aging as an opportunity to create new roles for the elderly .
The government should therefore focus more on the older people by providing them with more training .
In spite of the elderly 's willingness to work , the employers may not want to take them in , as suggested by the statistics retrieved from the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development ( 2000 ) : the forecasted number of people being employed for every person in year 2030 is 2 in Japan and 2 in Canada .
This shows that employers will have to resort to employing the aged .
Thus , it will be prudent for the government to commence its course of actions earlier before the situation become worse .
The aged are not able to depend on young adults .
Due to that , the government is advised to lend a hand in helping them and limiting its spending does not assist the aged .
In Japan ( Reuters , 2007 ) , an old man passed away in his apartment for 3 years and no one knew about it until the landlord was prompted to visit him .
In view of that , it 's known that the elderly ca n't really manage themselves , especially when they are getting older .
If nothing were to be done to protect them , the aged will continue to suffer and the situation may even worsen in the next few decades .
It will help reduce the burden of the younger generations when the government put more emphasis on the aged .
Lee ( 2009 ) has provided suggestions on helping the elders to become more self-reliant through the implementation of various policies , such as providing the elderly with better health care services and jobs .
By doing so , the younger ones will be able to concentrate on their jobs , which will in turn help develop the country and probably even increase the birth rate .
What is recommended is the government should probably help only those elderly whose children are not financially capable of supporting their parents .
The government may have to create a new policy stating that those children who have stable income of a certain amount will have to take care of their parents .
By doing so , the government is able to concentrate on those who really require the help .
In Singapore Country Report ( 2007 ) , it is shown that the most prominent economic challenge in the next 20 years is the aging of the population .
The future is dependent on how well the government incorporates policies to support the aged .
The Japanese are even resorting to the help of robots to support the aging population and cope with the declining labour force ( Reuters , 2007 ) .
The government is able to buffer the effects if it places more attention on the aged .
Hence , the government should be advised to continue providing for the aged and try to overcome the obstacles presented .
There are always some controversies over the future of aging , which is one of the most interesting subjects nowadays .
Some people think about it as a burden to the national economy which requires spending a lot on pension as well as health issues , while others argue that old people have the right to enjoy public money .
From my point of view , I strongly agree with the idea which encourages government to reduce the amount of money spent on the aged .
The very first and most striking point to note is that the world economy is suffering from many recessions and the most recent one occurred from 2008 to first 6 months of 2009 .
This means that it will be a burden for the government to keep financing the pension or taking care of all the expenditure in health and accommodation issues .
And to be specific , I think there are also many other important fields that need government aid , such as education or children 's upbringing , which will definitely have a considerable influence on the country 's future .
Secondly , the family should be responsible in taking care of the old , so that the government can have more time and money to spend on other fields .
For example , in some Asian countries such as Vietnam or Japan , their children are very willing to take care of their old parents till the end of their lives . This is a common moral obligation in Asian culture .
Nowadays , there are many blue-collar jobs which are reserved for old people to earn a living .
For instance , I can see that most blue-collar workers in Singapore are about over fifty .
Even though there are some people who argue that old people have the right to use the government financial aid because they have paid taxes , I personally think they , as well as their children , have benefited from public services such as transportation , education , etc .
In short , I think not only the government , but also the family have the responsibility to take care of the old people and so public budget could be spent on many different areas to develop country .
It is known by all that our society is aging .
Our government has played a huge role in implementing and improving our policies to maximize aid for the elderly .
However , there will always be persisting problems that the government will face , such as planning for the national budget , managing rising cost in the medical field and providing safety measures in public areas .
Thus , current research and development in these areas are required .
The national budget and the economy have come under pressure as the government provides heavy subsidies to the elderly in medical , transportation and even social activities .
Some might think that rather than having to research for and develop better economic policies , the government should allocate public funds to the .
However , we should not blindly put these money into subsidies , but instead , use it to research for better policies or systems .
With better policies , the government will be able to increase the productivity of the work force .
There will be more money generated and fewer people will be in need .
One example would the " Foreign Talent Policy " , which opened our market to foreign talents and thus increasing the productivity of the workforce .
The government introduced a scheme that allows people to provide in advance for their old age dependency .
They are encouraged to save a portion of their salaries into a special account when they are most active in the workforce .
Therefore , current research in development and policies in the economy sector have helped in easing the aging process .
In the medical aspect , no medicine in the world can cure aging illnesses such as Dementia and Arthritis .
Even though this is a fact , advancement in the medical field has proven to cure some old age diseases like Cataracts .
Thus , all these researches in medical field have aided the aging process tremendously .
At this point , one may wonder if it were a waste of resources to invest in architectural aids because these structures are costly and do not serve as much purpose as compared to the other sectors such as medical .
However , these aids have proven to be essential despite their costly structures .
In areas populated with elderly , such as Redhill or Tiong Bahru , railings have been installed not only on pavements but also in public toilets as well .
Tiles or pavements with better friction have been placed in toilets to prevent the elderly from slipping .
In addition , one of the major projects that the Singapore 's Ministry of Transport has developed is to install lifts in almost every MRT stations , which creates a barrier free route .
All these developments help the elderly , the disabled and pregnant women as well . Thus , developments in these area are definitely worthwhile .
In conclusion , all the research and developments , as well as policies that the government has invested in , have made aging a more joyous and less terrifying journey .
Thus , there is an increasing number of concerns as to how to solve the problems of an aging population .
Critics argue that by limiting the government spending on the aged , it would increase the negative impact of an aging population .
From August 2008 to July 2009 , Popatal ( 2009 ) found that there were 172 people who have filed applications at the Tribunal for Maintenance of Parents .
This is much higher than the average of 100 in previous years .
They will not form a habit of relying too much on the government .
This means that they are capable of finding a job to support themselves without having to depend on others .
There are other sectors that need the government 's help .
If government 's spending on the aged is not limited , the other sectors will be neglected .
The education sector is an example .
The government helps the young by issuing bursaries and scholarships , as well as encourages the students to study hard and helps those who are poor but are eager to go to school .
Taxes may have to increase and takes a bigger toll on the people .
Hence , it is important to limit public spending on the aged so as to divert it to other areas of the country 's development .
They should also be aware that the elderly are now healthier and are capable of supporting themselves .
A country does not consist of only the aged and spending too much government funds is unnecessary and will cause a negative impact on the economy .
The population in the world is aging rapidly and the number of persons aged 60 or over is expected almost to triple , increasing from 737 million in 2009 to 2 billion by 2050 globally .
( United Nations , 2009 ) This signals the need to deal with this pressing issue of aging Population .
In the Singapore context , there are many different approaches in place and the few main ones include the implementation of the Central Provident Fund ( CPF ) , development and improvement made to the existing healthcare system and elder-friendly infrastructure and the implementation of the Tax Relief Scheme .
All these have helped to alleviate the aging process and allow the elderly to enjoy their twilight years to the fullest .
The CPF in Singapore has played a crucial role in helping to reduce the fiscal cost of elder dependency as it compels citizens to save in advance for their old age
( Central Provident Fund [ CPF ] Board , 2009 ) . Critics of this plan have debated that it is unsuitable as high costs of living makes it difficult for people to save more of their earnings for pensions .
However , this may not be true as with judicious planning of their spending , it is not impossible for them to save more while they are still active in the work force and be financially independent in old age .
Also , other social issues associated with an aging population , like declining birth rate and people living longer , have indicated that there will be fewer working adults available to contribute to the society and to support the aged .
Therefore , this has increased the significance of the CPF as it compels people to save in advance lest they are unable to support themselves during their old age .
Furthermore , the CPF has helped to rule out the possibilities of younger generations neglecting the importance of saving for their old age .
Hence , the CPF has indeed helped to ease the aging process and the financial burden of the elderly as it requires people to save in advance and also informs citizens on how much they should save in order to be self- sufficient for their old age .
This gives people a sense of security in their twilight years as they are now able to enjoy their lives without much financial worries .
Apart from the CPF , development and improvement made to the existing healthcare system and elder-friendly infrastructure have also eased the problem of disabilities and old-age illnesses .
These actions are superficial and inadequate as they do not directly deal with the problems related to old age ; and therefore are unable to ease the aging process .
However , this may not be the case as with improved healthcare system ; it helps the elderly because their healthcare needs will be better taken care of .
In addition , with the development of more elder-friendly infrastructure within the community , the community will become barrier-free , safer and more conducive for the elderly .
One of such projects is the lift upgrading programme
( Lee , 2009 ) . The improved lifts will stop at every floor and this will better cater to the needs of the elderly .
Additionally , to allow the aged to move about conveniently , many places , including public transportations have been made wheel-chair accessible .
Hence , with a safer environment and with the provision of elder-friendly infrastructure and unhindered access to the public facilities , the elderly will be allowed to move about freely and enjoy their old age .
Implementation of the Tax Relief Scheme such as The Aged Parent Relief is also an important step to improve the retirement security as it encourages children to take care of their parents , thereby easing the aging process
( CPF , 2009 ) . At this point , one may take advantage of this scheme to claim the tax reliefs for one 's use as it is nearly impossible for the government to keep track of where the money is being spent on .
For instance , the government has passed the Maintenance of Parents Act to allow elderly parents to file lawsuit against their children who have failed to carry out filial obligations
( Khalik , 2009 ) . Hence , this act has helped to deter the children from making use of the tax relief scheme inappropriately and has also sustained the main objective of the scheme to promote filial piety .
All these helped to encourage the children to look after their parents and at the same time , ensure that the elderly parents will be at the receiving end .
Hence , these approaches have increased the seniors ' confidence and security during their twilight years .
Overall , strategies such as the introduction of CPF , the development and improvement of the elder-friendly infrastructure and healthcare system and the implementation of tax relief scheme have indeed helped to ease the aging process to a large extent .
These strategies have helped to ensure that the elderly are self-sufficient during their old age and also allowed them to live in a more conducive and barrier-free environment .
Although there is still room for improvement , current strategies have already done a pretty great well in ensuring that the individuals have saved enough for their old age and increasing their sense of security .
All these have indeed made the process towards aging a more enjoyable and fulfilling one and allowed the aged to truly enjoy their well-prepared twilight years .
Expenditure on the elderly is taking up more of the government budget due to the rapidly aging population .
Money that can be otherwise spent on the country 's developments has to be used in settling the problem of the greying population .
Countries are spending more and more money on health care , infrastructure and transportation specially custom-made for the elderly .
Due to this , the country 's development in other areas has to take a step back , thus resulting in the inability to attain its potential .
In the essay , I shall discuss the problems that are brought about by the increase in public spending on the aged and the areas that could have benefited if the fund were to be used on them instead .
When a country like the United States ' ' elderly population increased eleven-fold between 1900 and 1994 , it is evident that there will be an increase in personal assistance for the aged
( Hobbs , 1993 , 25-1104 ) . This will translate into the increased funding to provide care for this group of people .
On top of the money being put aside for health care for the aged , barrier-free facilities like wheel-chair friendly roads and transportation system have to be planned to accommodate them .
To deal with these global aging problems , governments have to reserve a large proportion of the already limited public spending for the elderly .
This result in a reduction of the government budget for the country 's development in both economic and social terms .
The fund used on the elderly could otherwise be spent on allowing the country to have better economic growth by building a better infrastructure and an education system .
In this way , the general population will be able to benefit from an increase in income as a result of the economic growth .
On the other hand , it is not morally right to leave the aged to fend for themselves , especially when they had contributed in one way or another to the country 's development in their younger days .
It is true that the government should reward the aged for their contributions ; but in order for the country to continue enjoying a sustained growth , the public spending have to be diverted to other areas of the country 's development .
In addition , the responsibility of supporting the elderly does not only lie on the shoulders of the government , the elderly themselves should plan for their retirements when they are still economically active .
This is done by implementing policies like the Medisave system , where Singaporeans have to put aside a certain percentage of their income into the Medisave account
( Central Provident Fund ) . This system is to ensure that the senior citizens will be able to live on their own savings in the Medisave account .
In cases where the elderly are childless or physically ill due to aging , it will be the government 's duty to take care of them .
However , contrary to what is commonly believed , Pat Thane ( citation ) argued that , they are not inevitably unhealthy .
As living conditions improve and technology advances , people are able to lead a healthier lifestyle and live longer as compared to the past .
Thane also said that " many tasks can be performed as well by people in their seventies as by younger people , even when they involve quite heavy physical or intellectual demands
" ( Thane,1991 ) . As a result of the above mentioned arguments by Pat Thane , the Senior lecturer in Social Science and Administration at Goldsmiths College , London , being old might not be translated to being a burden to the society .
The elderly , especially the " young elderly " , would surely be able to earn a living on their own if they do not have the luxury of children supporting them .
Therefore , an aging population might not pose problems as feared .
In summary , public spending on the aged should be limited because of the fact that the elderly should have planned for their old age when they were young and they might still be able to support themselves if the need arises .
A country will be able to progress if its citizens do their part in planning for their retirement .
Many countries are facing the problems brought about by an aging population .
For instance , the workforce gets smaller as elder workers retire and the working class has to pay more taxes because of a slower economic growth and the need to provide more healthcare services for the aged .
Even though the world is facing an aging population , public spending should not be spent only on the aged as there are many other areas that need to be taken care of in a country 's development .
The aging population is already a problem in many countries such as Japan and Singapore .
Therefore , public spending had been reviewed to address this problem and to reduce the negative impact of the aging problems .
However , due to practical reasons , a country has its limitations in supporting the aged .
Hence , countries should assess the other important areas that public spending should be focused on as well .
As the aged are used to receiving allowances and subsidies , the lack of government aids might affect their lives .
They would be unable to support themselves , especially with the increasing healthcare costs .
According to the Singapore Department of Statistics , the Consumer Price Index for healthcare had increased 3.6 % from February 2008 to February 2009 .
This would mean higher costs of living for the aged .
In conservative countries such as Singapore , children are expected to take care of their parents by providing them with allowances to meet their daily needs .
Children should remember how their parents have taken care of them when they were young and hence , they should do their part in demonstrating filial piety and taking care of their aged parents , instead of relying on the country to help .
In order to ensure that the aged are properly taken care of by their children , government could introduce policies and enforce them .
This would help to enforce moral values and also directly reduce public spending that could be diverted to other areas of development .
Other areas of development include addressing social issues such as the decrease in the birthrate and the increase in child abuse cases .
In Singapore , the Marriage and Parenthood package with the extension of the Baby Bonus attained only marginal success in increasing the birthrate of Singaporeans .
The median age of citizen mothers at first birth had increased over the years from 28.6 in 1998 to 29.4 in 2008 , thus causing the fertility rate for the prime childbearing age group of 20 to 34 to decline .
Hence , public spending could be used to introduce more programs and subsidies to encourage people having larger families instead .
According to the Social Statistics 2009 conducted by the Ministry of Community Development , Youth and Sports , the number of child abuse cases investigated in Singapore had increased from 154 in 2007 to 176 in 2008 .
In addition , it is essential to increase public awareness through campaigns and seminars to give the public a better understanding on child abuse .
In conclusion , public spending should be used on the aged but also not neglecting other problems which hinder the country 's development .
Too much of the nation 's budget is being spent on aiding the elderly and the government should limit and channel these funds to other more important areas for the country 's development .
The elderly receive subsidies in various areas such as housing and medical benefits .
Children are obliged to take care of their parents and this will lessen the burden on society to take care of the elderly .
Excess funds should then be channeled to other areas for the country 's development .
Many may think that with the obligation to support their parents , the family members will bear a heavier burden .
However , providing for the parents is not an additional burden for the children as there are benefits when they take care of their parents .
For example , the tax relief for adults who live with their aged parents has been increased to $ 5000 and the CPF Housing Grant Scheme to encourage young couples to stay near their parents ( " Round Up Speech " , 2007 ) .
Therefore , it is not true to say that working adults bear a heavier burden from supporting their parents because government incentives are provided .
Nowadays , the elderly are able to support themselves .
Chan ( 1999 ) showed that elderly respondents with CPF accounts are significantly less likely to rely on children as their main source of financial support . Evidence suggests that as CPF coverage widens , reliance on children will probably decrease .
Policies such as compulsory CPF and Medisave savings both require citizens to set aside part of their salaries to meet their future needs .
Even if the elderly can support themselves , some may argue that since they pay taxes , they should be allowed to use the funds set aside for them .
Everyone should be responsible for themselves .
The aged should continue to work beyond their retirement age when they are still capable of supporting themselves .
In recent years , the government has been promoting elder employment and raising the eligible age for employment .
Others may think that the elderly have already contributed their share to society and should now retire .
However , instead of letting them idle at home , the retired should be allowed to return to the workforce and continue to contribute to the economy .
Not only are they able to benefit financially , they are also able to share their precious experiences with the younger generations .
With the elderly returning to the workforce , they will be less dependent on the government subsidies and thus , less funds should be set aside for the elderly .
The elderly will be supported in their retirement by their working family members , and gaining help from government policies ( CPF savings , Medisave funds and Elderly bonuses ) .
All in all , funds should be limited and directed to other more important areas for the country 's development so that the country will be able to remain competitive in the economy and achieve sustained economic growth .
Countries like Singapore and Japan have a social security system in place to help the aged , and at the same time , a substantial sum of public spending is allocated to look after their health and welfare
( Takayama , 2005 ) . However , public spending should also be allocated to other areas of the country 's development , such as education , small medium enterprises ( SMEs ) and the infrastructure . These areas would benefit the public and are effective in tackling the aging issues in the long run .
Therefore , public spending on the aged should be limited so that money can be diverted to other areas of the country 's development to strike a balance while tackling the aging issues .
One nation 's economy success depends on the quality of the workforce
( Edwards , 2008 ) . Highly educated future generations will tend to earn more incomes and be more health conscious , thus less reliant on government for health and welfare
( Friedland and Summer , 2005 ) . Singapore owes its economic success to the good management of the education system and meeting the demand for skills through training the workforce to meet and keep up with the economic changes
( Lee , Goh and Fredriksen , 2008 ) . Singapore 's social security system , which focuses on self-reliance and individual savings , is in line with the compulsory saving scheme , the Central Provident Fund ( CPF ) .
The CPF Education Scheme allows people to use the ordinary account to pay for tertiary education in local institutions , and at the same time , encourages more people to further their education
( Mehta , and Wee , 2004 ) . Education can also be a channel for the nation to emphasize filial obligations in order to increase willingness of the future generations to take care of their parents when they are old
( Peterson , 2001 ) . As part of the Singapore 's education system , National Education aims to foster national cohesion , a sense of belonging and good moral values
( Ministry of Education , 2009 ) . Nevertheless , educating the workforce , including the aged , on the importance of planning for retirement and continuous skills upgrading are also essential .
This allows the workforce to start accumulating their wealth until the retirement age and at the same time , especially for the aged to remain productive through skill upgrading
( Peterson , 2001 ) .
The various schemes aim to help the SMEs increase their revenue and attract investors through upgrading the existing business operations and creating gateway and funding opportunities
( Spring Singapore , 2009 ) . In 2008 , the National Research Foundation ( NRF ) announced that 75 million Singapore dollars were set aside to support the Proof-of Concept grants ( POC scheme ) for the SMEs to strengthen innovation and entrepreneurship as the sector contributes over 40 % of the GDP and half of the employment workforce
( Loh , 2007 ) . At the same time , the government also provides grants to support SMEs to recruit , retrain and retain their workers , especially the older workers , to ensure productivity .
Two examples of the grants are the Human Resource Capability Package developed by SPRING Singapore and the Singapore Workforce Development Agency ( WDA ) , which improves and strengthens SMEs ' human resource management capabilities , as well as the ADVANTAGE !
Scheme , which motivates SMEs to recruit older workers
( Ministry of Manpower , 2006 ) . These will help to lower the barriers to elder employment , enabling them to work longer and accumulate more wealth for their retirement
( Peterson , 2001 ) .
Enhancing and upgrading of common places such as sport facilities , schools , public housing estates , roads and parks are to satisfy the needs of the public .
In 2009 , the Singapore Senior Minister of State for National Development announced that the government plans to spend between S $ 18 and S $ 20 billion on infrastructure projects and another S $ 15 to S $ 17 billion in 2010 and 2011 respectively .
Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong noted in the National Day Rally Speech 2009 that new general hospitals ( Khoo Teck Puat Hospital and Jurong General Hospital ) would be built in response to the healthcare needs in Singapore , and on top of that , there is also a need to build step-down care .
Twinning the current general hospitals with community hospitals , which are run by charitable organizations , will make healthcare affordable for all , especially the aged .
For example , a bridge would be built to link Tan Tock Seng General Hospital to Ren Ci Community Hospital that enables patients from Tan Tock Seng General Hospital to be moved to Ren Ci Community Hospital for rehabilitation and the patients may pay lesser for health care costs .
Singapore uses only one-fourth of its taxes , which is about only $ 381 per capita on health and individuals pay for the rest
( Callick , 2008 ) . This shows the importance of tackling the roots of the high cost of healthcare instead of using the public spending directly on the aged .
For all nations , wise planning on public spending and wise policy planning are very crucial as they influence one 's future
( Friedland and Summer , 2005 ) . Creating welfare dependency on the government only solves the issues temporarily .
Instead , it should be used on other areas of development to tackle the roots of the issues and improve the quality of life for the aged .
Public spending refers to the expenditure incurred the government , which may include expenses on military , health , education , infrastructure , development projects , and the cost of servicing ( paying off the interest on ) overseas loan .
Aging problems are likely to cause a substantial increase in public expenditure on health .
But the steady development of a society as a whole needs a balance of public spending on all aspects .
Many recent reports ( citation ) from developed countries have found that ageing will have only a small effect on the healthcare expenditure in future , thus spending on the aged can be limited within a certain small scope of the proportion of GDP .
For example , reports from the United States , the United Kingdom and Australia have reached similar conclusions .
Firstly , the older population is not spending a large proportion of the country 's GDP , and the fact is not simply that the greater the proportion of older people , the greater would be the spending .
For example , Sweden and Australia have similar , .
In 2000 , 17.3 % of the Swedish population was aged 65 years or older ; it spent only 8.6 % of its GDP on health .
Secondly , many countries have adopted effective strategies to make the expenditure on health for an aging population small and manageable , Here are some of the strategies : ( 1 ) stratify the old by age and sex ; ( 2 ) ; ( 3 ) increase transparency about self-employed income to ensure fairness in the financing of social insurance systems , including the new long-term care insurance .
.
Firstly , the factors that increase the financial expenditure have been over-emphasized .
It is true that older people use more health care services than younger people and that the proportion of older people in the population is increasing .
Secondly , some groups of people may require a significant increase in public spending on the aging population .
Compared to long-term economic development , they may be more concerned about their own welfare .
Another group is the government .
With an increasing number of elderly voters , politicians may provide excessive benefits to the elderly to win votes .
.
Thirdly , increased fiscal spending may be due to other factors instead of the aging population .
Firstly , the cost of pharmaceuticals and diagnostic tests have increased .
The report published by the Australian Federal Government found .
Thirdly , normal doctor 's prescription prefers newer drugs and the drugs are inclined to be expensive , but not necessarily more effective .
If the public spending on the issue of aging were unrestricted , the coming wave of retiring Baby Boomers may wash away projected budget surpluses and erode existing spending priorities .
For example in America , it is already estimated that over half of federal domestic spending went to people 65 and older .
The burden of the government will increase as the richer old people
For example , in Korea , there is pressure on the government for increased outlays on pensions and healthcare .
In conclusion , public spending on the aged should be limited , so that money can be diverted to other areas of the country 's development .
Many countries , including Singapore , are facing the issue of aging population .
There are many implications for this issue and one of them is that the spending by the government on the aged has increased in order to deal with this issue .
This affects the amount of available funds spend on other areas of the country 's development , such as the economy , education and infrastructure .
Thus , in today 's society , much has been debated on whether public spending should be limited so that more money can be diverted to other areas for the country 's development .
Furthermore , in Singapore where it is currently experiencing a low birth rate , developing the young is crucial to ensure there will be sufficient local talents in future .
This is to ensure that Singapore will be able to stay competitive in the future .
Hence , if the government did not limit its spending on the aged , there would be a budget left for developing the education sector .
This may affect the country in the long run .
It can also be argued that there is a greater need to spend on infrastructure development as it is important .
to limit spending on the aged means that there will be a larger amount of funds available to spend on infrastructure development .
This fund allows the country to develop proper infrastructure such as roads , electricity and even water supply to attract more foreign investors to set up firms in the country .
Superior infrastructure attracts foreign investors to set up business in the country as it reduces production cost and also increases accessibility for their business .
Therefore , if government spending on the aged increases due to aging population issues , the budget on infrastructure development will be lesser and this may affect the country 's economic development .
Another reason to limit public spending on the aged is that there is a need to set aside a larger amount of money for economic development especially when there is global economic downturn .
As the economy is a key area of a country 's development , the government should spend more money on economic development in order to sustain a healthy economic growth .
In addition , a prosperous economy will lead to the increase of wealth .
This means that the burden of supporting the aged by the society will be lessened .
Thus , developing the economy will bring benefits to both the country and the aged in long run .
On the flip side , spending on the aged is equally important .
To limit spending on the aged does not mean that government should not spend on them .
Moreover , this group of elderly had worked hard for years when they were young and had contributed to the economy and society .
I conclude that there is a need to limit public spending on the aged as there are other areas that require money for the country 's development .
There is a need for the government to take a wider perspective on the different areas that need money when deciding on how much money is to be spent on each area .
Throughout the entire world , leaders of developed countries are concerned with the problems of an aging population .
A country 's budget would be spent in a few key areas such as defense , healthcare , environment , transport , research and development and education .
Public spending on the aged is necessary but should be limited in order for the money to be diverted to other areas of the country 's development .
If majority of the spending is focused on the aged , it would limit the growth of the country , which would consequently lower the standard of living for all .
Firstly , with a shrinking workforce and an increase in expenditure required in welfare , the country will need to focus on developing the further generations .
" All who have meditated on the art of governing mankind have been convinced that the fate of empires depends on the education of youth " --- this quote by Aristotle clearly states that education is the crucial factor to determine a country 's success and progress .
With proper education system , the young will be more productive when they enter the workforce .
Hence a highly skilled workforce in turn will boost the country economy and sustain the additional demands of a graying population .
Therefore a portion of public spending should be given to equip the young with the right mind set and skills which are relevant to the needs of the workforce .
Secondly , a key area which requires funding is the research and development sector .
With strong support on research , new breakthrough can be discovered to cure chronic illnesses or age related diseases .
The cost of health care could be lowered with advancement in science and medication which are more effective .
Effective medication would translate into a shorter time spent in hospitals .
Therefore it lowers the elderly 's burden on healthcare and improves or stabilizes the health of frail elderly .
It may be argued that the amount invested in research does not produce equal rewards .
However , without continuous trials and errors , new innovations could not be made .
It is due to the persistent effort of researchers that many of today 's technologies have been discovered .
A country would be considered extremely vulnerable with its graying population ( less able-bodied individual ) and outdated weaponry .
Thus with adequate funding on research and development , the country will be at a better position .
Thirdly , an emphasis should be placed on the country 's healthcare system .
With a shrinking workforce and an ever-increasing cost of living , the aged would have difficulty coping with daily expenses and medical bills .
Critical illnesses could empty the elderly of their retirement fund and thus the government should provide medical subsidies .
If the government did not provide any form of aid and shifted the responsibility to the family or society , there would be catastrophic consequences .
Society could deem the government as unsympathetic .
Those who are more affluent might migrate , which could cause a loss of investors and talents . This may affect the country 's development .
Statistics have also shown that there is an increase in spending on prescribed medicine ; from $ 535 in 1999 to $ 1410 in 2001
( Goulding , 2005 ) . Families footing the medical bills will in turn have lesser capital for the other expenses ; namely , the children 's education and daily necessities .
Needy households might encourage their children to take up part time job to supplement the family finances .
Children might grow up to be ineffective workers as their education have been disrupted .
This would negatively affect the society and the country 's economy on a whole .
A developed country with a graying population brings about a shrinking workforce . If spending were focused on the aged it could cripple the country 's economy and halt developments .
With appropriate spending on key areas such as education , research and development and healthcare , the country could progress despite the additional demand of an aging population .
Leaders of the country should balance the benefits of individual , society and country with care to maximise the country 's potential for development .
Sectors like housing and consumers'market had to be carefully taken care of .
The economy underwent a series of revolutionary changes due to the surge in population , hitting greater heights as the trend continued .
If no effort is being put to limit the increasing healthcare and social security costs , expenditures on other priorities will soon come under pressure .
Although spending on the elderly is inevitable in the face of an aging population , careful spending is necessary in diluting the effect of fiscal consequences .
Limiting elderly spending does not confine to only within the present .
It is about coming out with a permanent solution which would curb spending in the long run .
Therefore , the fiscal outcome may not turn out to be ideal because other expenses such as education and national defence will end up being squeezed .
Governments should spend more money on creating healthcare awareness .
As the average life expectancy in the world increases , people are living longer and they may become more vulnerable to contracting chronic illnesses at old age .
It is important for the elderly to know how and where to seek for help once they have contracted an illness . They can tackle the illness at its earlier stage , thus reducing the hefty healthcare costs if it were treated at a much later stage .
Eventually the economy will benefit when people become healthier and spend lesser on their healthcare .
After all , the benefits of this measure will definitely outweigh the limitations , and the measure is able to cut down the amount spent in the medical sector in future .
However , in the future , the bulk of the working population will have to come from the retiring baby boomers .
There are several limitations to the extent of how productivity can be increased among these workers .
Firstly , for the more well-off elderly , they are less willing to work as they want to enjoy their retirement .
Hence , in order to have better economic growth , the process should be viewed with a more comprehensive perspective .
Government should provide a wider protection net for the elderly , such as implementing health insurances , promoting health campaigns and better welfare programs so as to reduce the mental and financial burden on the aged .
Although economic growth is important in providing care for the elderly , the limit on the elderly spending should be set carefully , so that they would not create any adverse effects on the economy .
As the elderly will likely to form the core of the population in future , they are becoming the major source of the economic growth .
Therefore , the government has to channel more resources to look after the welfare of the elderly , especially in the healthcare sector . Additional hospitals , such as the Jurong Hospital , are being built in Singapore to meet the escalating demand for healthcare and to provide better services .
This gives rise to the problem of the aged being self-sufficient and self-supporting in old age .
Moreover , employers often hesitate to employ them as the society is technologically inclined . There are many young professionals who , although may not have work and management experience , have the much sought after skills .
In addition , the elderly might be reluctant to work due to being over reliant on the government .
Apart from providing financial support to the elderly , the government should try to help the elderly in other ways so as to reduce the dependency of the elderly on the government .
From young , the students are taught the values of filial piety .
The government came up with the Maintenance of Parents Act in 1996 and has been studying to use legal pressure to ensure that children will take care of their parents . This would reduce the reliance of the elderly on the government and subsequently , the government 's budget on the elderly need not be as huge .
The government has highlighted to the public the importance and benefits of financial planning for old age .
Financial planning allows people to provide for themselves when they have retired or are incapable of supporting themselves financially .
The CPF sets aside a sum from their monthly salary to prepare for the rainy days and their old age .
The various aspects of the benefits of CPF include retirement , healthcare , home ownership , family protection and asset enhancement .
The government has a duty to take care of the aging population .
However , they should limit public spending on the aged .
The responsibility to look after the aged should be shouldered by the children as well .
In addition , the aged could prepare themselves for their old age , and thus reduce the burden of others .
Limiting public spending on the aged reduces their dependency on the government .
However , the government not only has to deal with reducing ageing population , but also to attend to the needs of the aged .
There is a need to subsidize the aged for their healthcare , transport , facilities .
One may argue that public spending on the aged could be used on the country 's development .
Public spending on the aged should not be limited .
The aged deserves to receive the best welfare given by the country .
It is known that they had contributed to the country during the prime of their lives .
Their contributions should be recognized .
By limiting public spending on the aged , it may signify that the government perceives the country 's development to be more important than the welfare of the people .
Some people would resent the government for seeing development as more important than its people .
In extreme cases , some of them would hold protests to vent their anger towards the government .
The people may view the government as not wanting to take care of the aged , and see them as a burden .
This could cause the people to be skeptical about their welfare in future .
And the migration of the workforce would lead to a shortage of workers in the country .
Therefore , this would affect economic development of the country .
On the other hand , limiting the amount of public spending on the aged could help the country to develop more effectively during a crisis .
If the country faced an economic downturn , its revenue would be reduced .
Money should be spent more wisely in helping the country to get out of the economic downturn .
With reduced revenue , the government should be more flexible in limiting the public spending on the aged .
By limiting the spending on the aged , the government will have more funds available to get the country out of the economic downturn .
More public funds could be allocated to education , and upgrading the skills for workers and building projects .
In an economic downturn , the government could use their reserve funds instead .
This could be a morale booster for the people because spending on the aged is not reduced despite an economic downturn .
Limiting public spending on the aged is important because it indirectly controls the funds which would be channeled into other areas of a country 's development .
This accounts for the difficulty in deciding the amount of funds to be diverted to helping the ageing population as many believe that money directed to boosting a country 's economic growth is more practical than spending it on an ageing population which offers no economic returns .
Hence , a country should decide on the amount they want to commit on the ageing population as different amount would lead to different results .
For a country which places a low limit on public spending for the aged , the amount of investment being channeled into other areas of the country 's development would be lower than another with a higher limit on public spending for the aged .
For example , Britain spends more on its ageing population as compared to America and its level of investment in research and development is lower than that of America .
However , this is not to say that public spending on the aged is the sole factor for the cause of lower investments in other areas of a country 's development , though it is only one of the many factors .
Nevertheless , it still affects the level of funds being diverted to a country 's development .
A low limitation limits the funds from being diverted to other areas of the country 's development such as education and economic developments .
This would then lead to an overall fall in the revenue of a country which will translate into a drop in the public spending on the aged ( Weil : 1997 ) .
Thus , negative results are achieved , with neither the aging population nor the country 's economy benefitting from it .
However , it may be argued that countries such as Britain are still progressing well in the global economy despite a high level of spending on the aged population . This shows that a low limitation on public spending does not equate a halt in the progress of a country .
In addition , the low level of limitation would mean that quality healthcare is being catered for the elderly as sufficient money are being invested in them . This may lead to a healthier ageing population which may then contain the spread of elderly illnesses ( Dunnell : 1995 ) .
This containment could possibly lead to a fall in money being diverted to the aged population as they are healthier now ; and thus increasing the funds being diverted to other areas of the country 's development .
For instance , Singapore spend approximately 9 million on her ageing population , encouraging elderly independence instead . Thus , she has a greater amount of money to be diverted to other areas .
With lesser funds being channeled to the aged population , more of it may then be used in areas that can spur the development of a country .
This may allow improvements in fields such as infrastructures , research and development , education and technology .
Hence , it may attract more investments and that can generate more revenue for a country , which in turn may increase the funds allocated to the aged population ( Weil : 1997 ) .
This would then translate into a more serious problem as the country would then need to pump in even more money to increase the health standard of the elderly in the future ( Weil : 1997 ) .
Hence it can be seen that different levels of limitations on public spending produce different results , which can be both good and bad as shown above .
These results may not be the same for all countries because each country has its own unique way of implementing different policies to deal with its ageing population .
But there is no doubt that public spending on the aged should be limited because it affects the level of funds being diverted to areas that aid the development of a country . However , more importantly , it is the level of limitation that a country has to take note of .
Different countries will have different levels of limitation because of the differences they have within their societies .
In conclusion , each country should understand its society well and implement a limit which will best benefit its ageing population and economy .
This unprecedented demographical shift with the number of dependent adults surpassing the number of dependent children envisages serious negative impacts , from declining of work forces and real GDP to sharp increasing of elderly fiscal cost , that will impoverish and subsequently impede developmental growth .
Nonetheless , current research and development as well as policy have preeminently help to alleviate the dire consequences of the aging process .
Alzheimer 's or Alzheimer Disease is the most common form of dementia mostly diagnosed in people aged 65 and above .
For example , last year , Prana Biotechnology in Melbourne ( Reader 's Digest , Sept 2009 ) developed PBT2 that targets and reduces beta amyloid , a sticky protein hypothesized to be the cause of Alzheimer 's which form plaques that kills brain cells .
Other drugs such as Rember , are announced to delay progression of the disease up to 81 percent while Dimebon promised to power and halt the perishing of brain cells
Researchers also hope to develop early detection methods which help by prescribing preventive medication before the actual occurrence of the disease .
This implies that aging perhaps can be influenced with the manipulation of certain cells .
The breakthrough took place with the discovery of Sirtuins , a group of anti-aging genes ( Dipp , Guarente , Westphal , 2007 )
The theory by a group of researchers from Harvard Medical School ( as cited in Reader Digest , Sept 2009 ) suggests that " with more Sirtuins , DNA repair would be more efficient " , enabling the subject ( mouse ) to maintain a youthful or healthy gene pattern into old age , eliminating traits of aging and subsequently increasing lifespan by 24 to 46 percent .
Critics have argued that though these researches are seemingly impressive and hopeful , there is simply no concrete empirical evidence on their practical significance or effectiveness .
Yet , one should be constantly aware and confident of the actualization of technology 's development for a promising future on account of the past .
Also , policies are implemented in attempts to dissolve current concerns .
Countries like Singapore who have long promulgatpromulgated self-reliance do adopt certain policy framework such as the 3M 's --- Medisave , Medishield and Medifund simultaneously with Eldershield , to protect and support citizens on Healthcare cost .
Government subsidies on a wide range of intermediate and long-term care services such as community hospitals and dementia care centers are available for patients , especially elderly who require continuing care after hospitalization .
between the Oxford Institute of Ageing and the Singapore Council for Third Age ( C3A ) are launched to educate , as well as promote active aging among Singaporeans
In conclusion , society should now move toward a new paradigm : aging is not a burden on the economy or the development of a country .
Although fertility rates have fallen , longevity has increased .
Advancement in technology has certainly transformed the definition and experience of aging .
An aging population has been an issue in recent years as the increment in the social needs of the elderly and public spending , as well as the burden on the younger generations have governments probing into the issue .
Despite these significant consequences related to an aging population , " they ( Governments ) must realize that any further expansion of retirement benefits would only impoverish future generations and limit future public spending
As concerns have been raised on the effectiveness of excessive money injected into financing social welfare policies to arrest short term issues , the improper use of public spending will likely to create much burden for the next generation .
Therefore , public spending should be spent on other sectors of the economy .
There is little doubt that social welfare policies can alleviate the difficult situations that aging populations are facing today .
For example , the public assistance program can provide the elderly with a sense of security for food , shelter and daily necessities .
Some of the elderly have no dependents and they live by themselves , while others are looking at hefty medical bills and healthcare costs as their health deteriorates .
As the aging population grows , spending should increase proportionately to ensure that the elderly are taken care of .
Excessive public spending only adds to the comfort of the aging population and does not effectively benefit the economy .
As the elderly will not be encouraged to work , they will take for granted that the government is providing everything for them .
For instance , if a physically fit old man is given monetary assistance beyond the minimum amount , he will not be compelled to work , especially if the benefit made up a large part of his salary .
Another example in Singapore can be the availability of funds allocated to town councils for social welfare services .
The government has not effectively utilized tax payers ' money to the best of its ability .
As resources are being poured into different sectors in the economy , growth will increase along with public spending .
This is ensured by the motivation for personal gains in the economy as each seeks to benefit the most out of the stimulus that governments would inject into the economies .
For instance , as more money is being pumped into the infrastructural development within a country , the industries benefit , with lesser taken to set up plants , tax benefits and cheaper rental . All these will drive the costs of doing business down .
As these costs decline , businesses become more profitable when they effectively try to make use of the incentive from the government and this may translate to better salaries .
Governments should weigh the costs and benefits associated with each dollar being spent on social policies and the economy .
They must then determine where the necessary point is to effectively solve the issues an aging population is facing and then channel the remaining resources into the other sectors of the economy .
With proper policies , " public budgetary resources would be used only to secure minimum standards and basic social services
" ( Tanzi .
V. and Schuknecht , 2000 ) Till then , only can the economies as well as the aging population benefit from the effective use of tax payers ' money .
Public spending on the aged should be limited as money should be spent on other areas such as defense and public infrastructure as they play more important roles in a country 's future development .
Currently , most developed nations such as Japan , Singapore and Australia are facing problems on their societies turning grey as the numbers working to support the old are dwindling .
This causes social security problems which question the ability of the young to support a larger number of people .
An aging society means a smaller working force which would result in lesser tax payers This might cause in a decline in government fund .
It is not feasible for a country to spend more on the elderly when funds have a possibility of being decreased in future years .
Money for the aged can be saved as people should take care of their own parents when they become old .
In the Singapore 's context , each child has to take a compulsory module of moral education in their early years of schooling .
With these values in placed , responsibility in taking care of the elderly should not be pushed to the government but should be shouldered by the people themselves .
The maintenance of parents act protects the future of the elderly , allowing the elderly to sue for monetary needs if their children refused to provide .
The problem that the aging population is facing right now is the lack of human resources .
We should now invest in creating and attracting talents , both local and foreign , to reduce the impact of the dwindling working force .
Taking Japan for example , by year 2050 , one in three Japanese will be past their retirement age as the average birth rate is reported at 1.23 babies per woman .
One of the solutions is to do a " replacement migration " where foreign talents are recruited to strengthen the human resource in certain countries .
Other than talents , providing the people with a high level of security is essential .
There are currently growing fears of terrorism after the September 11 attacks .
Funds should be cast aside for security purposes , such as military technology to protect the people from external threats .
Only by living in a safe country then can one enjoy the benefits of living to a ripe old age .
Moreover , a dwindling population signifies that there are lesser people to defend the country .
Therefore , technology is highly needed to replace the loss of manpower .
During the wallstreet meltdown in 2008 , many have lost their jobs .
With huge families facing financial crises , the government will have to stand in to provide for the elderly in need .
Not only that , elderly who are being abandoned or are childless are disadvantaged as there is no one to support them in the future .
Therefore , the retirement age should be extended and people should be educated to work longer and save more for their future livelihood .
The elderlylderly should be more independent instead .
Some portion of the funds can be saved if people start to become responsible .
In an aging society with lesser tax payers , government funds will eventually drop and this will provide a huge cut in possible public expenditures needed to sustain a country .
This year , our government intends to spend $ 42.1 million on community- based and residential programmes for the elderly and the disabled
( Singapore Budget , 2009 ) . Let us just think about the money that is going to be spent on the elderly .
However , we need to realize that the older population refers to people who are not only old but are also facing certain difficulties in supporting themselves and they may help to do better .
As mentioned earlier , one reason why we should not limit the spending is that it may not be fair to the elderly when there may be those who are really in great need of support from the government .
We do know that the older population has a higher chance of facing illnesses and inconveniences in their physical movements .
Furthermore , based on the Census 2000 data , in Singapore , we have 14 percent of the elderly who only live with their spouses and 12 percent of the elderly do not live with their immediate family
( citation , 2000 ) . These elderly are facing problems in their lives .
In this case , they may not have the financial ability to take care of themselves without any help from the government .
Hence , it is the government 's duty to render the help to them instead of limiting the help they can receive .
Another reason why we should not limit public spending on the older population is because of the fact that the phenomenon of ageing population is expected to continue growing .
By limiting it , the amount may not be able to cater to all the needs in the future as the limit is set on the basis of a population at a particular time .
Yet over the years , when this group of people increases , especially at rather high rate , the amount needed will be more than the amount being put aside .
However , there is always an opposite side to the issue .
If we did not limit the amount we are spending on the elderly now , this amount would increase proportionately with the increasing number of the elderly in the future .
This will cause the proportion left for developments in other areas to be reduced in the future as well .
In an article in the Reuters , it is indeed believed that as the United States faces growing number of older people , pension and healthcare services are pushed up and thus , compelling major increases in public expenditure
( Maggie , 2009 ) .
However , I see the argument in another way .
The amount of money that the government can use for developments in other areas may not increase even after limiting the spending on elderly .
If we limit the amount the government pays , the additional cost falls on the shoulders of the family members which will then be shifted back to the government by the family in other means
( Robert and Laura , 2005 ) . Since no difference is expected , be it limiting the amount or not doing so , we should try to reduce the pressure that will be felt by the majorities in the future , such as having to pay for the high expenses for the elderly at home .
Instead , keeping it flexible , such as to have it increased in times of great need will be a better choice .
The Madrid International Plan of Action on Ageing ( 2002 ) highlighted : " since year 1950 , the average life expectancy has increased by 20 years and is expected to extend a further 10 years by 2050 " .
In fact , it calls into the question whether the elderly really benefit from the policy implemented in the aspect of financial security , employment and living arrangements .
In terms of economics , old age financial support is the government 's main concern and therefore mechanisms that provide citizens with financial security in old age have been introduced .
For instance , the Central Provident Fund ( CPF ) , a comprehensive financial savings plan for the workers , has been implemented in Singapore .
Although the CPF was aimed to give security to the retired elderly by providing income to support their basic needs in old age , it has been accused for its deficiency .
Shantakumar ( 1999 ) , Asher ( 1996 and 1998 ) , Lee ( 1999 an 2001a ) , pointed out the lack of universal coverage and the lack of adequacy of funds for retirement security in the CPF scheme , especially for the low-income elderly ( as cited in David R. Phillips and Alfred C.M .
Meanwhile , in a study by Asia Times Online ( Megawati Wijaya , 2009 ) , it was shown that less than 5 % of the current elderly population rely on CPF disbursements for their livelihood .
All these prove the failure of the CPF scheme in providing a secure future life for most of the elderly .
Apart from that , the government 's initiative in raising the retirement age is also seen to be not effective .
It is undeniable that by increasing the retirement age , the elderly will be able to accumulate wealth and eventually the strain on their finances will be ease .
However , people should take note that the problem now is not about the mandatory retirement age of the elderly , but the employability problem faced by the senior citizens .
The National Survey of Senior Citizens 2005 ( Ministry of Community Development , Youth and Sports , 2005 ) showed that among the current generation of the elderly , only 28.2 % of them are employed .
Therefore , unless the employability problem is resolved , the increase in retirement age might worthnothing to most of the elderly that are now unemployed .
Besides that , the a ttractive financial incentives for promoting co-residence with parents which are introduced by the Singapore government have faced certain criticisms .
Inevitably , after the financial incentives such as tax reliefs and priority housing have been introduced , there are more adult children who live with , or nearby , their elderly parents .
However , the increase in co-residences with parents does not imply anncrease in the willingness of the children in taking care of their parents .
No one can guarantee that children who live nearby their parents will eventually take good care of them .
There are children who live nearby their parents just because of the attractive incentives .
As suggested in Channel NewsAsia ( Asha Popatlal , 2009 ) , there are more elderly citizens applying to the Tribunal for Maintenance of Parents over the last 12 months .
" From August 2008 to July this year , 172 people filed applications , much higher than the average of 100 in previous years " . ( citation )
This figure shows that the rate of co-residence increases with the cases of parental abuse .
Therefore , it is possible for people to remain dubious about the effectiveness of co-residence in improving the quality of care of the elderly by the adult children .
In conclusion , to a large extent , current policies implemented have not helped much to ease the aging process .
For the CPF scheme , there is lack of adequate funds to ensure retirement security . For the later retirement act , there is employability problems among the elderly that need to be resolved . For the co-residence , there is doubt on the quality of care that the older parents received from their children .
Therefore , current policies should be re-evaluated in their feasibility and should be amended in order to reach the ultimate goalof easing the aging process .
''Public spending on the aged should be limited so that money can be diverted to other areas of the country 's development .
''I fully agreed with this statement .
Nowadays , a lot of countries are having aging problem , especially advanced counties like Japan , Sweden , Germany , Singapore and the United State of America .
This global aging is also starting to affect some developing nations such as Malaysia and Thailand .
According to the journals 'A Graying World ' and 'Doomsday Predications about Population Aging Are Exaggerated ' , the population of aged 65 and older is anticipated to more than double by year 2030 and furthermore median age in many first-world countries will reach between 52 to 54 by 2050.If the fertility rates do not rise again , the problem will be worsened .
Demographic changes due to growing aging population will have serious consequences on health issues .
Governments are forced to spend more money to overcome them .
For instance , Singapore needs to restructure the whole health care system due to the aging population as mentioned by the Singapore Prime Minister .
However , the funds have to be used wisely and diverted to other fields of the country 's development .
Firstly , governments have to continue to raise the retirement age in line with rising life expectancies .
The elderly are encouraged to work longer to accumulate more wealth , which could be used to support themselves .
Moreover , a tardy fertility rate has increased the importance of having an workforce in the market .
They could help to boost economic growth by being involved in different kind of sectors .
For some countries with little economic growth , the society faces few choices on how to care for those who are least able to care for themselves .
On the other hand , with sufficient economic growth there are more choices and fewer persons in need ( Robert B. Friedland and Laura Summer,2005 ) .
Secondly , money can be diverted to the education sector .
These people are not only helping the government to cut down expenditures on health care , but also helping the country to generate more income , as well as to stabilize the economy .
That is why a lot of countries are spending a large portion in education .
To illustrate , education expenditures always occupy a larger segment in the fiscal budget in Singapore and Malaysia .
Besides , public policies that encourage and facilitate education , basic research , and the application of promising technologies can enhance the well-being of current and future generations of older people ( Robert B. Friedland and Laura Summer,2005 ) .In other words , elites are able to invent more advanced technology to accelerate nationational development .
All advanced nations are using high technology in every field .
For example , Japan is one of the countries which uses the most advanced technology in manufacturing .
Its car industry almost dominates the world market and has always produced the top-selling cars in most of the countries . For instance , Honda and Toyota are preferred by a lot of car users .
These companies are not only making cars , but are also involved in technology exploration to benefit people .
The Japanese government gives subsidies to these companies to create something more innovative in solving daily life problems .
In contrast , North Korea is still a communist country and it is conservative .
Everything is under government control and civilians are not given any chance to involve in monopoly or private business .
Moreover , most of the funds are spent on nuclear research and relatively there are less spending on people 's needs .
This causes the majority of North Koreans living in poverty .
In addition , governments could give subsidies or incentives to encourage people to increase fertility rates .
If governments provide subsidies to encourage couples to have more children , fertility rates might be changed .
For example , the Singapore government gives different types of incentives and benefits to encourage parents to have and raise children .
The increase in fertility rates is very important to every country as it could generate more manpower , as well as reinforce the country 's military strength .
Other fields of the country 's development are important too .
Therefore , governments may have to choose the most sustainable and efficient way to plan for their national budgets .
The Survey of Senior Citizens ( 1995 ) showed that although the health status among respondents aged 60 and older was generally good , more than 30 per cent have received treatments for some chronic illnesses .
About 25 per cent males and 69 per cent females were never married , widowed or divorced .
Another policy is to ensure that Singaporeans are financially secure after retirement .
Currently , Singapore 's CPF has the highest coverage of all retirement plans in Asia ( Asher , 2006 ) .
This move will increase the period of time for individual savings to last during retirement .
The Government has introduced schemes to encourage Singaporeans to maintain their parents such as the legislation on filial piety , which is as the Maintenance of Parents Act ( Vasoo , Ngiam , 2000 ) .
An aging population has been talked about much in recent years .
Hauner , Leigh , and Skaarup ( 2007 ) believed that countries with a high and rising old-age dependency ratio will expect their age-related spending to escalate by 4 percentage point of their GDP ( Gross Domestic Product ) over the next 45 years .
As a result , governments and policy makers around the world are ready to set aside a larger portion of their countries ' budget to cater for age-related spending , with healthcare for the elderly as most of their top priorities .
However , to avoid compromising the development of other sectors , it is essential for policy makers to limit spending on the elderly by looking into viable alternatives .
Majority of the elderly are not concerned with how much their children give them ; instead they are satisfied as long as their children are able to spend time with them and show their love and concern for them .
Critics of this proposal have pointed out that the money set aside for this scheme will go to waste if the elderly passed away even before they can utilize them .
However , governments of many countries have urged that such saving scheme that offers health protection can be unpredictable .
In this way , it minimizes the chances of them being unable to afford their medical bills , and at the same time reduces the heavy burden on government subsidies .
The scheme provides not only protection for its contributors .
In addition , a substantial payout from the medical insurance will be awarded if he or she is to encounter any mishap , of which death or any form of disability would render the contributor being unable to work .
Lee ( 2008 ) proposed the plan to limit social welfare spending in South Korea in order to invest in programs that will increase the country 's economic growth .
At this point , one might wonder if this move will compromise the welfare of the society and the elderly .
For example , these funds can be used in the research and development of cures for terminal illnesses like cancer .
Therefore , a boundary to the spending on the elderly should be set in order to avoid increasing the burden on future generations and upsetting of the development of other key sectors as mentioned earlier .
However , this has changed because governments and policy makers in the developed world are now confronted with the unprecedented problem of a fast aging population " ( Peterson , 2001 ) .
The aging population has become a major issue in many developed countries , including the United States , Japan and Singapore .
Increasing population of the aged created many problems on the society .
As the problem of the aging population worsens , governments have to spend increasing amount of money to counter the problem and at the expense of other areas of the country 's development .
It is important that governments take note of this and control their spending so as not to neglect other more important areas such as education and the economy .
Governments are stressing on filial obligation and hope to increase the willingness of tomorrow 's grown children to support their own elderly parents .
However , such practices are not common .
It is crucial for the government to spend money on the aged , as not doing so will lead to social problems .
The young no longer see filial piety as being important .
The elderly who are unable to support themselves and are being abandoned by their children will have nowhere to turn to if the government turned its back on them .
This will lead to increased crime rates , begging and vagrancy in the country , which are harmful for society .
As countries spend more money on the aged , other important sectors such as defense and education may get neglected and become under budgeted .
These sectors are as important as , if not more important than , spending on an aging population .
For example , in an increasingly challenging global economy , it becomes increasingly important for countries to focus on education to maintain a skilled workforce .
An educated workforce increases productivity , which drives the economy to increased wealth .
By increasing public spending on an aging population , governments risk overlooking other areas of the country 's development .
New technologies and treatments for the aged are relatively expensive .
People may take advantage of the government subsidies to pay for expensive new technologies which are not necessary .
Limiting public spending will make sure that the government does not overspend on treatment that is not essential , so that the money can be diverted to other areas .
It is hard to cure the illnesses of the aged .
Governments may be spending too much money on expensive medical infrastructure such as new facilities to suit the elderly .
Medical facilities can only prolong their lives , which do not have any significant impact on the country 's economy .
Instead , the governments can divert the money into other projects that are more beneficial to the country 's development .
For example , a new entertainment centre can attract tourists , which will increase foreign spending and benefit the tourism sector .
Governments should be cautious of their spending over expensive medical infrastructure which does not contribute to the country 's future development and should focus more on the nation 's areas of development that do .
Public spending is increasing rapidly with the growing aged population and governments are losing control of their spending .
Governments should adopt a wider perspective to ascertain whether the spending is necessary or the money should be diverted to other areas .
If the usage of public funds is not well balanced , it will not only affect the country 's development , but also put the country 's future into jeopardy .
It is undeniable that aging population is still one of the current issues that are affecting our world nowadays .
It is predicted that the problem will be worse in the future : many of the people in the first world countries will reach the median age of 53 .
Therefore , much should be done to help ease the aging process to avoid social and economical problems in the future .
Of all the different aspects of development that have been done to ease the aging process , the most significant field is medicine .
The aging population has forced a restructuring of the whole healthcare system .
In Singapore , to provide a better life for the aged , many new hospitals are built , such as the Khoo Teck Puat Hospital in Yishun and the Jurong General Hospital .
With these new hospitals , the aged patients get better treatment . They do not have to wait too long and travel too far to a particular hospital to see the doctor .
More hospitals are built to provide appropriate service to the elderly .
With this , the elderly will be able to enjoy their stays in hospitals and do their medical check ups regularly to maintain a healthy lifestyle .
Although more hospitals were being built , many aged patients with financial problems ca n't afford to go to them .
On the other hand , there are also researches done on illnesses which most commonly affect the aged .
Better solutions are hoped to be found in order to help the elderly with their health issues .
For instance , in the United Kingdom , researches on dementia are being done to find a better solution to cure the patients , who are mostly the aged .
To help ensure less elderly from suffering from dementia in the future , researches are now being done by the UK .
Much investment have been put into this research to defeat this illness which is currently and will continue to haunt the aged .
Some may argue that these researches do not help to ease the aging process because most of the time and money are wasted as the proper solutions are never to be .
But it is better to try rather than to allow the devastating disease to continue to haunt the older generations .
Besides researches and developments in the field of medicine , social policy also plays a role in helping to ease the aging process .
Many countries have taken this step to lighten the burden of the elderly .
In Japan , the government has imposed the " National Pension Scheme " on all its citizens .
In this scheme , a basic pension is provided for all citizens who are above 65 years of age and have contributed for 25 years or more to the country .
This scheme is helpful in easing the burden of the elderly as it provides financial security for them .
The aged can then be independent and they do not need to rely on their children for money .
The aged can live a comfortable life without worrying or without seeking for financial aid .
On the other hand , with these schemes , children need not do their duty to take care of their parents .
This may result in social problems in a country .
The younger generation will not be filial to their parents and will not bear the burden to take care of the older generation and will push the burden onto the government .
Although such thoughts may arise , there are no better ways to guarantee a better life for the aged .
Clearly , all these researches , developments and policies have helped the aging population to get a better life .
This effort should be continued as this would guarantee the living standard of the aged .
Thus , with the living standard of the elderly guaranteed , the social problems can also be avoided in a country .
If the country were to spend its budget entirely caring for the aged , then many citizens would shove theiresponsibilities and would not care for their own health , since the healthy , as represented by the country , would care for them .
Since birth , parents would give the best to their children , from clothing to education and this should be reciprocated .
Being able-bodied and in good health , children should not forget their parents ' kindness towards them .
They should assume this responsibility by providing for their parents .
On the other hand , a substantial amount could be saved if not spent in caring for the aged , thereby enabling more funds to be diverted for the country 's development in many other areas .
To rely on ourselves would still be the best option .
For a start , prior planning is crucial , when from young , one should be actively saving .
This would be beneficial in the short run , when facing emergencies , or in the long run , when facing retirement .
This is further enhanced by incentives being offered to companies that hire them .
Instead of grieving with regrets of having to work after reaching the retirement age , they could actually be optimistic and take this as an opportunity to be active in the society , where they could establish friendships through interactions at work .
Although it would be ideal if the government need not be 'burdened ' with expenses to care for the aged , it is not feasible .
In addition , it could also be dreadful for those who are not well equipped with education or skills to work and who really needs the country 's help .
Help given could be in many other forms instead of just monetary .
Although help is given , it is not encouraged for the aged to continuously be reliant on it .
Instead , with the skills acquired , they should 'venture ' out and earn a living of their own which would in turn reap many returns in both monetary and health .
It is also true that " work can help us stay physically active , mentally alert , socially connected and financially self-reliant " ( Yap , 2009 , p. 7 ) .
In fact , every single one of us has a responsibility and role to play in caring for them and the country .
When the country 's resources are not focused mainly in caring for the aged , it could be diverted to other areas of the country 's development , such as economic and social developments .
Limiting public spending in caring for the aged and diverting it to other areas of the country 's development would reap success in the long run . Many many would be able to enjoy the economic and social benefits then .
A country always has to be ready to with any form of challenges .
One such challenge would be the ageing population .
To find a solution to that problem , certain amount of the public spending has to be diverted to it .
According to Robert B.Friedland and Laura Summer ( 2001 ) the working population would be able to share a large proportion of the responsibility , with the government taking care of the aged primarily .
This is one of the long term efforts that the government has decided to invest in so that their public spending on the aged would be reduced in years to come , as the future working population starts to emerge .
An increase in the working population will then allow more resources to be channelled to other areas which demand such funds .
This proves to be a better solution because it allows the government to limit the public spending and fellow citizens to take responsibility .
It is necessary that the country allocates sufficient funds required for its growth and to maintain its competitive edge . Therefore it is necessary for the country to limit its public spending on the aged .
Singapore has decided to increase its public spending in the area of research and development ( R&D ) to $ 7.5 billion ( Singapore Budget highlights , 2009 ) .
Singapore sees an aging population as a potential risk and it channels sufficient funds to the aged . Nonetheless , at the same time , it focuses on other areas of development as well .
Through its R & D , Singapore aims to reach greater heights in the research fields . This would then yield substantial profits to the nation , without which the growth of the nation would be stagnant .
A government should cater to various groups of the population without any form of discrimination .
4.68 % of America 's Federal spending constitutes the assistance category in which 4 out of 5 top assistant recipients come from the health sector ( USA spending , 2009 ) .
The healthealth sector would be one of the areas where help is needed for the aged due to the rising medical expenditure and it is not fair to burden them with the entire cost .
Nonetheless they should also take into consideration the cons of not limiting public spending on the aged .
If that happens and the nation decides to be a welfare state , then it will fail like Britain .
It would no longer be able to have constant economic growths and that would be detrimental for the country .
As such public spending should be limited .
This ageing population problem can be dealt with by increasing the working population , so that it could share the burden of caring for the aged .
Public spending should also be limited because areas like R&D need more funds to ensure constant progress of the nation .
Without a on spending the country would then experience a decline in economic growth .
Therefore , public spending on the aged should be limited so that money can be diverted to other areas of the country 's development .
It is an ironic truth that Singapore is facing a demographic challenge as the population aged 65 and older is anticipated to more than double by the year 2030.There is much concern about the current development and policies , of which older people tend to be the principle beneficiaries .
Many policies such as the Maintenance of Parent Act , Baby Bonus Scheme and later retirement agreement have helped to ease the aging process significantly .
Currently , much of the public discussions about an aging society involve the responsibility of children to look after their aged parents .
As we know , Asians pay great attention to filial piety and it is their traditional practice to live together with their parents even after the children are married .
However , life today is different from that of the past . Some Singaporeans do not practise this tradition and they abandon their parents in the old folks ' home or hospitals .
Some of them even disappeared or changed their contact numbers after they have sent their parents to the homes .
This new social phenomenon could be curbed by implementing the Maintenance of Parents Act .
Some feel the state has gone too far by intruding into the delicate relationship between children and their parents .
According to statistics , over 400 parents have sought the aid of the Tribunal of the Maintenance Act since it was set up 3 years ago .
The problem of a growing aging population in Singapore could be curbed by encouraging later retirement , longer working lives , and lower barriers to elder employment , as suggested by Peterson ( year ) .
Some might argue that the seniors are old and fragile to be productive .
However , reality remains that later retirement will ensure the senior citizens a high quality of life in their twilight years .
With financial independence , the seniors would not become a burden to their families .
Not only that , longer working lives enable the elders to remain physically , mentally and socially active for a long time .
Being occupied with work , the aged could actually use their brains more frequently and this reduces the chances of developing senile dementia and Parkinson 's diseases .
As the saying goes , 'no man is an island ' and social activities are essential for the aged to stay healthy .
The seniors could build up their social circles at their work places and this reduces their dependency on their family members .
Moreover , many have expressed their desire to work longer as they want to feel valued and being able to contribute to the society .
In a nutshell,late retirement and prolonged working lives are effective solutions to ease the problems of an aging population .
Last but not least , an aging population brings about a shrinking workforce and a significant decline in real GDP .
Modern parents prefer to have fewer children , as compared to the past generation .
Therefore , the government introduces the Baby Bonus Scheme which lightens the financial cost of raising children .
Furthermore , all the children born on or after 17 August 2008 will also enjoy government contributions in the form of a dollar-for-dollar matching .
In a nutshell , it may be said without any fear of contradiction that the current policies have helped to ease the aging process to a large extent .
At present , the median age is 36.7 ( Singapore Statistics , 2008 ) and it is estimated that if current demographic trends persisted , the median age will rise to 41 years by 2030 , lagging behind only by Japan
( Wijaya , 2009 ) . The rapid growth in ageing population brings about controversial issues and one of which is related to the allocation of expenditure for the aged .
A prominent example would be public spending on healthcare , which occupies 4.5 % of Singapore 's gross national expenditure
( Wijaya , 2009 ) . Although it is one of the lowest in comparison to other countries , the rapidlyageing population makes it difficult for the Singapore government not to increase public spending on the aged and allocate more on other areas instead , such as the Research & Development industry .
The problems associated with a rapidlyageing population suggest that public spending should not be limited and allocated to other areas .
The problems are lower birth rate , rising healthcare development costs to meet growing ageing needs and economic loss incurred from a neglected welfare system .
With the implementation of the Maintenance of Parents Act in Singapore , it is arguable that the younger generations are not only morally responsible for , but also compelled to taking care of their aged parents .
However , the low fertility rate in Singapore challenges this argument because the financial burden resulting from the provision of aged parents is currently increasing on fewer offspring .
It is definitely taxing for an only child to bear the financial cost of his orher parents .
Moreover , the rising cost of healthcare adds further strains to the limited income of the younger generation , which often lead to children being unable to fend for their parents and thus abandoning them .
This is shown in year 2008 , in which approximately 172 senior citizens filed applications to the tribunal against their children
( Wijaya , 2009 , ) . Hence , this shows that even with current government assistance such as healthcare subsidies and tax reliefs , the low fertility rate in Singapore continues to urge the government to spend on the aged in order to meet the needs of an ageing society .
Singapore is a well-established country with advanced healthcare facilities .
Many perceive the current public spending on the development of healthcare facilities as being sufficient to meet the ageing demands .
However , this is often not the case .
Singapore faces a sharp shortage of medical specialists in the areas of geriatric field and palliative care and to the extent of importing foreign nurses into the medical industry .
This implies that the government has to invest more on training local medical specialists in these fields to meet the growing ageing needs and thus , more expenditure is required .
Furthermore , hospitals are constantly facing shortages of beds and long average waiting time ; the major factor of this problem is the geriatric patients .
The geriatric patients are often the ones who occupy the majority of hospital bed space and they suffered from chronic illnesses that require regular follow-up consultations .
Therefore , in the recent 2009 National Day Rally speech , Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong emphasized the need for step-down care such as more community hospitals , day-care centres as well as nursing homes .
In this way , more competent healthcare is provided satisfy the demands , since geriatric patients can receive treatment in acute hospitals and then recuperate in the community hospitals .
In addition , some will disagree that it is not feasible to expand public spending on the aged because it would neglect the development of other areas such as the Research & Development sector and the Banking & Finance sector , resulting in the loss of competitiveness and investors ' confidence on Singapore 's economy .
A neglected welfare system for the aging causes social instability to the country . For instance , citizens would feel cash-strapped with the rising healthcare costs and there would be myriad cases reporting about elderly poverty or abandonment .
All in all , it has become a fact that Singapore is currently facing a rapidly ageing population . Many problems will arise should public spending on the aged be limited and this include increased financial burden on the fewer offsprings , insufficient funds for rising healthcare development costs and weakened economic competiveness .
On November 13 , 2006 , the Prime Minister of Singapore , Lee , said in a speech : " Singapore has treated social welfare as a dirty word .
The four economies in East Asia --- Singapore , Hong Kong , Taiwan , and South Korea have taken the approach to being a 'light welfare state ' , in which they have achieved high standard of living without burdening the state with heavy social expenditures ( Midgley , 1986 ) .
In contrast , the western welfare states that fund heavily on social expenditure have hindered the functioning of the private market .
With no limits set on the expenditure of welfare for the aged , a country will face enormous financial burdens in the funding of the public pension system , expensive healthcare system and long-term dependency expenditures .
Currently Japan is facing financial difficulties in gathering funds for their National Pension and Employee 's pension insurance .
The Japanese government is now emphasizing on achieving economic growth rather than increasing welfare expenditures to support its growing aging society .
It is estimated that if the deficit budget continued , Hong Kong 's $ 369 billion fiscal reserves would be wiped out by 2008-2009 ( South China Morning Post , February 23 , 2002 ) .
There is a contradiction of a capitalistic society being a welfare state .
This means that people will not see the need to save for retirement funds or work to be financially secure , as they know they can depend on the government .
" Encouraging senior citizens to work will help them to contribute to society , and at the same time , ensure that they are financially independent .
However caring for the elderly , especially those who can not provide for themselves , is being prioritized as a national issue .
Besides having support from the government , the 'light welfare states ' rely heavily on the private sector and family to provide care for the aged .
There are also other public assistance programs for medical , housing , transportation , and even funeral preparations .
In addition , there are public and private sector mix of welfare programs and organizations .
In Singapore , there are " over 300 existing voluntary welfare organizations and service providers " and recently , the Centre for Enabled Living ( CEL ) , with some help from the government , was launched to provide a first-stop referral service to the existing welfare organisations .
Family support and close kinship , which exists strongly in an Asian society , has also helped in decreasing the state 's welfare dependency .
In conclusion , public spending on the aged should be limited to curb heavy financial expenditures , and t 'welfare diseases ' that would undermine any incentive to work .
It will not be a feasible plan to drain money from national reserves to fill up a bottomless pit .
Money can be diverted to other areas of the country 's development to earn revenues in order to support the aging population .
The responsibilities of caring for the aged are divided between the private and family sector to lessen the burden on the state .
Help is readily available to those who are incapable of providing for themselves .
" Aging of population " is a term used to describe the shift in the age distribution of a population toward older ages ( Leonid A. Gavrilov and Patrick Heuevline , year ) .
Thus this refers to an increase in the population 's mean age which is generally due to a decline in birth rate and an increase in life expectancy .
Problems associated with an aging population will be the increase in social and healthcare cost and lower level of productivity .
As one ages , one 's body tends to be more vulnerable to health problems and this will add on to the medical cost which requires funding from the government . This would put greater stress on the younger generation in terms of increasing taxes .
Moreover , we will also expect a shortage of labor which would affect the level of efficiency of the country .
Hence , ongoing medical research and government 's policies can help to alleviate these problems .
Firstly , medical advancements help to lighten the burden of healthcare cost .
The mass production of medicine lowers the cost of the drugs .
Moreover , polyclinics provide highly subsidized medical care which benefits the elderly greatly .
There is also an increase in research on healthier food and supplements that helps to inform and advise the public to adopt a healthier lifestyle .
However , these benefits may only favor a small group of the elderly , probably the more educated and richer ones as they are the ones who can comprehend the latest information regarding healthcare research , as well as afford health-checks and supplements .
Long waiting queues in polyclinics due to highly subsidized medical fees may deter those elderly with real needs .
In addition , the location may not be accessible to some elderly , especially for those who are physically disabled .
From another point of view , government intervention may help to solve the problem .
In the case of Singapore , the increasing number of polyclinics that are set up throughout the island resolved the long queues and inaccessibility problem .
Besides this , polyclinics are upgraded to offer a clean and fresh environment . For example , air-conditioning are installed and Nurse Clinician Service is implemented where patients with chronic conditions can make appointments in advance to reduce their waiting time and this further ensures the comfort level of the patients ( Polyclinics Singhealth , 2009 ) .
Health screening at affordable prices organized by the government helps to identify potential health risks .
In addition , free health talks help to educate the elderly , especially the uneducated ones and advise them to lead a healthy lifestyle .
Hence , these measures enable the elderly to have a better understanding of their bodies and therefore reduce the healthcare cost .
Secondly , automation helps to reduce the social cost and reduces the need for the younger generation to take care of the aging population .
Automations such as dish-washer allow the elderly to do simple chores at home and it increases the level of independence of the elderly .
As one ages , our body tends to suffer from pains all , automation such as massage machines help to relieve pain and it might reduce the possibility for a doctor consultation .
Besides this , remote controlled lighting helps the elderly to control the house lights with a remote control and therefore , minimizes the risk of falling in the dark .
Thus , the responsibility of the younger generation can be greatly reduced , such as the need of caretakers and medical costs .
Luxurious goods such as massage machines and lighting systems are only affordable for the rich and they may not cut down the chances of getting sick .
In addition , automation only reduces the need for human labor , but there is no guarantee that it is able to drive down social costs .
When viewed from another angle , government policies help to maximize the welfare of the elderly .
The setting up of community centres which organize activities for the elderly , is beneficial for the elderly .
Hence , we can conclude that automation can be seen as a tool in relieving the aging process .
Extended lifespans have the elderly to work more and longer .
Hence , higher productivity is achieved , thus reducing the burden of the younger generation in paying taxes .
However , some may argue that the elderly may not be fit enough to work and there are doubts if the older workforce can achieve a similar level of efficiency that is expected from the younger workers . Therefore this makes it more difficult for the elderly to look for a job .
From another point of view , there is only a minority who are unable to work ; the majority should continue to work as long as they are able to and thus will not be seen as an extra burden to society .
In addition , countries like Singapore has started to tackle aging problems where the government is getting companies to rehire workers aged 62 .
Moreover , extended working years should be encouraged as a result of longer lifespan and increased literacy of future elderly .
Therefore , it is possible that productivity can still be sustain among the aging population .
In conclusion , I agree to a large extent that government policies that have been implemented helped to alleviate the aging process .
Developments in the future will be expected to be much better , and though aging process is inevitable its inconveniences can be minimized .
The average age of human has increased drastically within the last and this has led to fast aging populations that raised concerns among governments and policy makers .
According to ( 2008 ) , from 1900 to 2005 , life expectancy at birth increased from 46 to 75 years for men and from 48 to 80 years for women .
The aging process has caused unprecedented problems for society , especially for the aged , who face plenty of illnesses when they become older .
Besides that , countries face difficulties in supporting a growing number of the aged as there are many vulnerable aged who live alone and need assistance from governments .
Therefore policies have been implemented to ease the aging process and to support the aged . Undeniably , there have been significant successes in the strategies used .
To ease the aging process , governments have to put in a great effort in the research of medicine to provide the best treatment for the aged .
Since there is an obvious advancement in technology when compared to previous years , there are more inventions in medicine and equipment to treat illnesses .
However , some people may think that the aged will not be able to afford the treatment as better equipment and treatments will increase the cost .
To prevent such a situatio from happening , governments have introduced insurance schemes to reduce the cost of treatment .
For example , the Singapore government has introduced the CPF Medisave Scheme and Medishield Scheme which can cover part of the treatment fees : the patient need not pay any fees for outpatient treatments and Medishield will pay 80 % of the actual expenditure up to the claimable limit .
Through this , the government ensures that the aged get the proper treatments to reduce their sufferings .
Thus far , The government has introduced some new economic policies to ease the aging process .
This includes lengthening the age of retirement so that the aged have longer working lives ( Peterson , 2001 ) , so that they can earn more money when they are still working to support themselves .
The strategy of lowering the barriers to elder employment is effective in increasing the rate of employment among the aged .
However , some people may think that the aged is a burden to society as they believe that the physical condition of the aged can not cope with the development of the country .
While this may be true , facts have shown that the aged can still contribute to the economy as they have more experiences when compared to the others .
They share their experiences with the young and this can help to improve the economy of the country .
The government could use the money to help the aged and ease the aging process .
In addition , community centers or community clubs have their policies to ease the aging process .
It analyses the needs and existing services within the county and prepares a comprehensive plan for the delivery of services to the aged .
The community centers organize activities such as performances , games and feasts to help them feel less lonely , cheer them up and make them happy and this has eased the aging process in the society .
There are also many enthusiasts and volunteers in the society who are willing to spend their time accompanying the aged , as they know that they can give mental support to the aged .
Peterson ( 2001 ) mentions that aging process in a country will cause a shrinking workforce , long-term stagnation and decrease in real GDP .
As a result , the whole societ , including the aged , will face a lot of problems as some of them are still seeking aid from the government .
Leaders of countries must rise above ideology and engage practical realities to cope with the problem of a fast aging population .
Therefore , governments and policy makers have implemented some policies in easing the aging process .
by doing this , governments can ensure the development of their countries and provide a better living environment to all their people .
However , with the limited budget the country has , it is essential that the more important priorities are first taken care of before large scale policies are implemented to help the aged .
First of all , the country should spend the bulk of their budget on areas which are of great importance .
One of these areas would be that of the military
The significance of the military to a nation is so great that it is not possible for a country to constrict its spending in this area .
With the ever present threat of terrorism , which has the potential to cause huge destruction , there is no doubt that investing in the military is of greater importance than taking care of the welfare of the elderly .
The government should not hesitate to invest in the latest military technology and equipment .
This is to ensure that the country will be able to defend itself should any undesirable situations arise .
However , others may argue that Singapore has always enjoyed peace and that there are no signs of any conflicts with other nations arising .
With the increasing number of elderly coupled together with the issue of the low birth rate , the aging population problem has certainly become more pressing in recent years .
However , national security will always be one of the most important aspects to a country .
This dire effect is something we can not afford , thus , investing in military goods will definitely be one of the top priorities of the government .
Secondly , the government should allocate its available resources wisely so as to obtain the most effective use of them .
To achieve this , money has to be channelled into research and development instead of spending excessively on the aged .
With these , the country will be well-equipped to ensure sustained economic growth and to head towards a prosperous and progressive nation .
No doubt , some may argue that the nation should always show its gratitude to the elders of the nation by making sure that they are well taken care of .
However , if the country were to divert most of its public spending to the aged now , it is almost certain that it will face an arduous problem in the near future .
Neglecting the other areas of the country 's development will hinder its progress and lead to limited economic growth and thus a shrinking budget .
As mentioned by Friedland and Summer ( 2005 ) in " Doomsday Predictions about Population Aging Are Exaggerated " , with little economic growth , there are fewer choices about how to care for the elderly thus intensifying the problem on hand .
Therefore , it is essential to ensure healthy economic growth as it will provide many alternatives to the problems Singapore faces .
As can be seen from the above arguments , due to the limited resources available , and the ever growing number of issues that need to be tended to , it is impossible to ensure that all areas of Singapore 's development are well funded .
Thus , the government has to prioritize and allocate resources wisely so that the goals of having a stable and prosperous nation can be achieved. .
Humanity has come a long way in evolving and adapting to the changing environment .
Through the years , it has managed to overcome several limitations , which in the past were nothing more than dreams .
It succeeded in landing on the moon and communicating over long distance , yet there are still some boundaries it still has to cross despite its best effort .
While the ticking clock in our body can not be stopped advance technology and modern governance have made it possible for aging to be delayed and relieved to a great extent .
High-tech equipment and medication are available for the treatment of more illnesses as our understanding of medicine improves . Governments nowadays are also doing more for the elderly population in their society .
With more emphasis placed on healthcare by governments today and the advancement of medical technology , people get to live longer .
People , including the elderly , are made less vulnerable to diseases , and in a way , people become biologically stronger .
" One hospitalisation , for example , a stroke can set you back tens of thousands of dollars , " as stated by Associate Professor Paulin Straughan , sociologist , National University of Singapore in Channel NewsAsia ( 2009 , August 19 ) .
For this group of people , most governments intervene to help subsidise treatments they genuinely need .
In some others such as Singapore , the people are compelled to provide in advance for their old age .
For example , in Singapore , elderly parents may file in court if their children do not provide for them .
In the case of government pensions , the heavy spending of public funds on the aged may take a toll on other areas of the nation 's development .
Thus a method that works in one society may not work in another and sometimes , multiple approaches have to be taken .
However , better healthcare and protection from the government result in rising age expectancy , which is a double-edged sword because on one hand , people live longer as shown in the report ( Friedland and Summer , 2005 , Fig 1-2 ) and on the other hand , the proportion of aging population increases if the younger generation are not reproducing enough , This is the trend today in developed nations .
In today 's fast-paced society , there are several factors , such as high living costs and late marriages that discourage people from reproducing " . Peterson has claimed that , " If fertility rates do not rise again , the problem will worsen as the median age in many first-world countries will reach 51 by 2050 , " .
As the number of elderly increases , with a great , there might not be enough young people in the workforce to support the economy and generate enough money for healthcare subsidies and government pensions as mentioned previously .
However , this revolution has generated a rising aging population which may be a problem to all levels of the society .
Governments in developed countries should look beyond temporary solutions to the rising aging population and focus on getting people to reproduce .
While there are initiatives like maternity welfare and the baby bonus to encourage reproduction , more can be done for the better .
Many people have argued that public spending on the aged is a must for countries facing the problem of an aging population as an ageing population has dire social , economical and cultural consequences on the country .
True as it seems , the question posed here is how should the government allocate its resources to cope with this problem .
As the saying goes , 'Give the man a fish and feed him for a day , teach the man to fish and feed him for a lifetime' .
Therefore , the use of the country 's resources should be well diversified to different areas of the country 's development so that no one area is compromised on .
With elderly care hugely subsidized by the government , the aged will tend to be reliant on the government providing for their old age .
This has caused the aged to be heavily dependent on the government and thus has developed a negative practice of the aged not saving for their own retirement .
It may be argued that the money which is not saved for retirement can be better spent elsewhere .
Although it is argued that the 'extra money ' that the elderly possess will be better spent elsewhere , it may not be spent in the most efficient way possible .
Adam Smith also points out that individuals will act in their own advantage , not that of the society .
With more money from public spending spent on the aged , this also means that there is less money for the other areas of development in the country .
Other areas of development that will increase the economic growth of the country will then be compromised .
Critics of this position point out that when more money is spent on the aged , it generates economic growth .
With better and more affordable healthcare services provided for , the elderly can be healthier and more economically productive .
This will allow the elderly to be able to work for longer and delay their retirement .
This will then increase the labour force of the country and result in economic growth .
By designating the role of the caregiver of the elderly to the government , " Asian values " such as filial piety will be eroded as children may shed the responsibility of taking care of their parents to the government .
It may be objected that these values are innate to one 's identity and are not easily influenced or changed by other factors .
In Singapore , one is compelled to undertake the role of the caregiver and this is backed up with law of maintenance of parent 's act to ensure one fulfills one 's filial obligations .
But in view of the many problems that a country would face if large amount of public spending are spent on the aged , it is only wise that the government diversifies its public spending to other areas of development and strikes a balance among the other priorities .
Technological advancement enables humans to live longer .
On the other hand , the younger generation are chasing after 'an individualistic and 'live life to the fullest ' lifestyle. .
In the long run , this will translate into a low fertility rate in the country .
In the case of Singapore , the growing elderly population should not be accompanied by restrictions in public spending on the aged , which may come in the form of pension schemes , medical insurance , healthcare benefits and disability allowance .
This is because the current benefits that are provided for the elderly are still inadequate .
In terms of welfare and poverty , less than 5 % of households in the low income group are beneficiaries of the state-funded system .
Only 0.07 % received public assistance in 2004 ( Asher & Nandy , 2008 ) .
If public spending on low income groups is limited , there would be fewer elderly who could benefit from government aid .
Therefore , an increase in social disparity and healthcare problems would be an issue for the country .
Although public spending on the elderly is an endless process as they do n't generate much productivity to the country , social responsibility as a nation needs to be promoted. .
There are many elderly people who are unable to support themselves and have to take up jobs like road sweeping and toilet cleaning .
Besides that , the elderly were once the people who contributed to the growth of the nation and economy .
Therefore , there should not be a need to divert public spending on the elderly to other areas of the country 's development .
The nation 's infrastructure , development and trade are in a desirable condition and the current spending on them is adequate to sustain economic growth .
Hence , the government should not focus on limiting public spending but on ways to spend it wisely .
One example is means-testing .
In addition to that , the money that is spent on helping the elderly is partially their money which was deducted through tax payment .
Thus , policy makers have the responsibility to provide the elderly with .
The aged should be able to enjoy social security during their later years .
We have to be conscious that even though they are deemed as a liability , they are also part of the nation and should not be neglected .
However , there are certain groups of elderly who are single , child-less , not on good terms with their children or who still need to support their 'parasitic ' adult children .
On top of that , the elderly who are disabled and suffering from chronic illnesses need a large sum of money to deal with their condition .
Even with the assistance of MediSave and MediShield , elderly people suffering from terminal illnesses will not be able to pay for their high healthcare costs when their bank accounts are exhausted ( Channel NewsAsia , 2009 ) .
Although this will create a sense of dependency on the government , it is an unavoidable situation where the government needs to care for its citizens .
In summary the government should not limit public spending on the elderly and divert it to other areas of the country 's development .
This is due to the ascending numbers of elderly in the coming years that need to be dealt with ( Friedland & Summer , 2005 ) .
These elderly were once the people who helped in building up the nation and the government should show their compassion and care for this vulnerable group by not restricting public spending on them .
It is vital that the expenditure on the elderly is delegated according to their needs so that wastage can be avoided .
Hence , more elderly people can benefit through this act and it would not be seen as wastage of the country 's funds .
The aging processes in Singapore with its ensuing serious impacts , has caught people 's attention. .
The aging process requires special attention because due to the low birth rate , Singapore has became an aging country with a large fraction of its population being aged .
The government is currently carrying out research and implementing policies to help to ease the aging process for both the elderly and the country .
The latter involves developing public facilities that cater to the needs of the elderly who are physically weak .
Research on healthcare and infrastructure has been constantly improving to ease the aging process .
Firstly , the government is currently researching the possible type of chronic illnesses that are likely to surface at a certain age of life , at the same time as implementing control measures to prevent the occurring of the illness .
As the saying goes , prevention is better than cure , thus the government sector such as the health promotion board and the Singapore eye care centre is constantly organizing campaigns to raise the awareness of the elderly regarding the serious consequences associated with the illnesses .
They also provide free medical checkups for the elderly usually aged 50 and above for early detection illness .
This is because for the elderly , who are illiterate and living alone , may not know that there are such campaigns going on as they are unable to read campaigns published in newspapers , or understand advertisements telecasted over the television as they are mostly in English or Chinese .
Thus the elderly that only understand dialect will not get the message thereby defeating the purpose of the campaign .
Next , improvisation of infrastructure on public transportation and housing estates is another area of research that is being focused on .
For public transport , a portion of seats have been removed leaving a spacious area to suit the needs of the elderly that are wheelchair bound .
In housing estates , the government has upgraded flats that are relatively old and inconvenient for the elderly .
Examples of upgrading is lifts that are now able to stop at every storey of the flat and within the lift there are handles for the elderly to hold on to for support while taking the lift .
Also all the squat toilets have been converted to seat toilets to avoid accidents of people slipping and falling when squatting and standing up .
This improved infrastructure kills two birds with one stone as it not only provides for the elderly , it also benefits the handicapped . Thus this research does not only serve the elderly , it also serves other purposes as well .
Policies complement the research .
Given the high cost of living in Singapore , the government has provided benefits for the elderly by granting subsidizes on healthcare .
This policy works well because the aged would have their savings used for daily expenses such as food and necessities .
Apart from subsidies , the government have reorganized the healthcare system to cater to the needs of the elderly .
For example , the government have taken a step-down approach by including more community hospitals and nursing homes in the health care sector that are more affordable than staying in the hospital .
This policy is workable as the elderly can recuperate better in a community hospital as they do not have to worry much about the medical fees .
Also , community hospitals provide convenience as they are near the neighborhood thus enabling them to get medical aid soon after they fall sick . It also helps to assure their children that there 's someone to attend to their sick parents when they are at work .
However , although the cost of healthcare is greatly reduced , there are cases whereby the elderly who are childless and do not have any savings or income , do not have any medisave to pay for the large amount of medical fee incurred .
Even though there are subsidies , the elderly will still not be able to afford medical expenses .
The next policy that is suggested is to give rebates to those who purchase a house that is close to their parents .
This is to encourage children to visit their parents often thus giving them a sense of warmth and security .
Some children will only make use of the reason to get as much subsidy as possible and they might not visit their parents even though they are living very near .
Therefore , although all these approaches have only provided limited ways of easing the aging process , they still offer a feasible and practical approach .
Only a small group of the aging population faces these limitations and the government may also come out with other policies to solve these problems so that the approach implemented can be workable without any flaws and limitations .
Besides relying on the government , Singaporeans must also pay attention to the aging issue and help to play a part in reducing elderly dependence on the government .
For instance , they can help to take care of their aged parents ,or be a volunteer to contribute to a society that is gradually aging .
People must put themselves in elderly people 's shoes and realize that one day they will also be aged and need the support of their children and others .
Likewise , , if people do not treat others well , one day they may receive the same treatment .
In Singapore , increasing life expectancy together with high-quality healthcare and declining fertility rates are the causes of the graying population .
Besides slow economic growth , one result of the ageing population in Singapore is the rising pension and healthcare costs , which forces a major increase in public spending .
Hence , governments and policy- makers face great challenges towards the ageing population .
Nevertheless , despite the fact that the ageing population is likely to hurt public finances , it is crucial to recognize the well-being and livelihood of the aged can not be compromised by investing in other developments for economic gains .
This is because the elderly have not only contributed significantly to the society , but in fact have many important roles to play .
For instance , they represent the link with our history and tradition which is a crucial source of cultural identity and social stability ( Rasheed , 2010 )
While Singapore strives to develop itself to become a " world-class " and self-sufficient country , it is equally important for its society to be socially stable and secure .
Singapore was lauded by economists " for avoiding the pitfalls of erecting an expensive welfare state that diverts government funds from economic development ( Burton , 2007 ) . "
This is because over the years , Singaporeans have been encouraged and educated to be financially independent , self-reliant and to plan for their old-age ,so as not to be overly dependent on the government .
For instance , Singapore established its social security through the Central Provident Fund ( CPF ) in 1955 , which is a mandatory savings programme that funds pensions and healthcare for citizens ( Burton , 2007 ) .
One example is the passing of the Maintenance of Parents Act that allows parents to sue their children for financial support ( Wijaya , 2009 ) .
In other words , public spending on the aged should be limited so that the government can pour in more state funding into other areas of the country 's development such as education , research and development ( R&D ) , urban development and upgrading public transport and housing. .
As a result , these efforts to invest and develop the nation benefits future generations of all ages .
Firstly , despite the fact that the CPF is a flexible scheme to enforce savings for individuals , it has shown signs of weakness and has been seen as being insufficient to last for one 's retirement years ( Tsao , 2008 ) .
One of the fundamental reasons for insufficient funds in one 's CPF is the need of the population to finance their public housing .
Additionally , it is especially hard for elderly people ,whose wages were low during the early 60s and 70s , to keep up with the rising cost of living ( Burton , 2007 ) .
Furthermore , the CPF does not protect certain segments of the population who were not able to work and save during their younger days .
For instance , housewives were not able to contribute to their Medisave because they had to raise their family and chose not to work as a result .
Eventually , this does not only burden the aged with insufficient funds to support their medical expenditures but it also strains the relationship with their children as they need to provide more monetary contributions to their parents .
These reasons continue to urge the government to expand public spending on the aged so as to sustain the needs and livelihood of the aged within the population .
In a survey , it was reported that 66.0 % of senior citizens aged 55 and above were provided with a regular cash contribution from their children .
Additionally , it has been shown that dependence on children to finance their healthcare expenditure increased with age and only 35.8 % of senior citizens aged 55 and above have a clean bill of health ( Ministry of Community Development , Youth and Sports [ MCYS ] , 2005 ) .
In other words , most elderly people are rather dependent on their children to support them , particularly those who suffer from chronic illnesses .
This dependence is coupled with rising health care costs that is taking a toll on their children 's finances .
Besides , the decline in the number of children supporting elderly parents due to smaller family sizes , puts further strain on the children ( Wijaya , 2009 ) .
Therefore , the government ought to increase its public spending to assist and ease the strain of children supporting their aged parents .
On the whole , as Singapore 's population ages rapidly , it accentuates the need to increase public spending on the aged in order to meet greater healthcare demands and the rising cost of living .
As discussed earlier , rising healthcare costs coupled with longer living parents puts pressure on cash-strapped children to provide for their elderly parents .
Apart from that , the aged are also burdened by inadequate funds in their CPF accounts due to various reasons. .
In short , the aged need more financial help from the government so as to ease the strain on the elderly as well as their children .
Nowadays , the aging population is increasing and the problem is more serious .
In 2008 , the proportion of the elderly in Singapore was 8.6 % and it is estimated that the proportion of the elderly in 2003 will increase to 18.7 % .
From another perspective , an increase in the aging population will lead to an increase in government spending on the elderly .
According to statistics , the elderly dependency ratio in Singapore is 11.9 per 100 in 2008 .
However , public spending on senior citizens should be limited so that money can be diverted to other areas of the country 's development such as taking care of the needy , the unfortunate , the young and infrastructure .
Public money that is saved can be diverted to building infrastructure because it benefits all social classes such as the elderly , the needy , the unfortunate and the young by increasing their social welfare .
In addition , an increase in infrastructure can attract investment from abroad because facilities are fully equipped .
Furthermore , an increase in infrastructure can attract more tourists to travel to Singapore
The building of infrastructure makes tourists feel comfortable and it is convenientt because tourists can travel around the country without barriers .
For instance , , Mass Rapid Transit ( MRT ) , roads , buildings , and resorts are some of the facilities that can be provided to increase social welfare .
Public funds that are saved can be used to develop the economy because economic growth will increase the standard of living .
The government can not choose to develop everything because of the scarcity of resources , such as land , funds and workers .
Therefore , the government has to choose the most beneficial areas to invest in .
In addition , the government can also invest in areas where profit and social welfare can be improved so that the standard of living will be increased .
Therefore , citizens have more job options and find it easier to be hired .
Moreover , citizens can request higher salaries as the economy has improved .
Therefore , the standard of living will be much better compared to the past .
New products and technology will benefit citizens by giving them satisfaction and convenience .
For example , new medicines for the elderly to improve health , electronic wheelchairs for handicapped people and robots to take care of the children and elderly .
Moreover , some of the research and development is not only beneficial to the economy , but is also environmentally friendly .
Therefore , environmental pollution can be lessened by reduced fuel usage. .
In conclusion , public spending should not be mainly on the elderly as the money should be used for other areas of the country 's development .
Public money that is saved can be diverted to increase social welfare and the reputation of the country. .
Moreover , the development of the country is a long-term investment and it must be planned properly because it will affect the future of the next generation .
Senior citizens can contribute to the nation by imparting their knowledge and sharing their experience with the younger generations .
Have you ever asked yourself , How will we live in the old age ?
Who will take care of us ? Our descendants , ourselves or the government
Nowadays , more and more people have to concern themselves with these questions as the fast aging population is becoming a serious problem which many countries are confronted with .
In my opinion , because there are a lot of effective methods to solve the aging problem , except for medical and welfare programs , the government should limit spending on the aging population in order to develop other areas .
When the economy grows , fewer old persons need to be helped because of the following reasons .
The first point that should be taken into consideration is that the more economic growth there is , the more chances the elderly have to find jobs .
For example , people can invite nurses to their homes to look after their old parents everyday , or the elderly can live in rest homes with creature comforts and a lot of care .
It is said that the government should spend a lot of money on the aging population in order to reduce the burden on young people .
This argument goes on to assert that because the expenditure of time and money on caring as well as buying medicine for the elderly is enormous , public spending on the aged will help young people concentrate more on their work and improve their quality of life .
However , increasing public spending on the aged is not a sustainable long term strategy .
If other areas of the country 's development such as education and the economy are not invested in adequately , future generations of older people are likely to be even worse off .
The first reason is that if people are not educated well in their young days , their lives in old age will be very vulnerable as people with more education tend to have higher incomes and better health .
Therefore , concentrating on prior areas of the country 's development instead of investing significant amounts of money on the aged is likely to ensure better lives for future groups of older people .
Because few medical and welfare programs are launched when government expenditure on the aging population decreases , many people may have not enough money to send their old parents to rest homes .
They have to spend more time taking care of their parents by themselves .
As a result , family sentiment is enhanced significantly within societyin society
In conclusion , because of enhanced economic growth , ensuring better lives for future generations of older people and stressing filial obligation , limiting public spending on the aged in order to invest in other areas of the country 's development is a good approach to solve the global aging problem .
In order to make the most of the limited budget for the aging population , the government should concentrate on supporting people who really need aid such as older single women .
An aging population is a common situation in many developed countries .
With the number of elderly increasing rapidly there are numerous problems like deterioration of health .
There is a need for governments to focus on these problems , in order to improve the welfare of the aged .
However , this may lead to an issue of whether the governments should limit their public fund on the aged .
One argument is that , instead of limiting spending , it is morally right to spend money on the aged who contributed most of their life to nation building .
Critics may argue that public funding should be used for cultivating the younger generations , who will be the future pillar of the countr , instead of spending public funds on the elderly who no longer capable of contributing to society .
The elderly have contributed a lot to society
It is because of the elderly who participated in many aspects of nation building such as education .
Therefore , we are able to enjoy comfortable lives today .
There is an ancient Chinese proverb " remember the source while drinking the water " which can be applied to this case .
The contributions of the elderly should not be forgotten , the need to reward them for their efforts is crucial .
Therefore , the government should not reduce public funding on the elderly .
Instead , the government needs to recognize the efforts contributed by the elderly in nation building .
The public funding spent on the construction of medical infrastructure as well as the building of elderly friendly houses are beneficial to all human beings .
Since there is no way to escape aging , the government needs to pay a lot of pay a lot of attention to the issues relating to aging .
Therefore , the government has implemented the three M policies -Medifund , MediShield and Medicsave .
In addition , the government is focusing on care too .
For example , the co-operation between the Changi general hospital and St Andrew 's community health care .
These measures help to reduce expensive medical fees for the aged as well as catering to the needs of the elderly .
These measures will benefit the younger citizens in times to come .
In the above paragraph , it was mentioned that if the government does not target the health issue of the aged seriously , it may eventually backfire. .
The unhappiness and anger towards the government 's willingness to deal with the issue may increase among the aged .
An atmosphere of anger may slowly result in strikes .
Hong Kong is one example .
Additionally , the uncaring image of the government will slowly encourage the migration of citizens
Therefore , the government needs to pay extra attention to taking care of the aged .
On the other side of the coin , if the needs of the elderly are well taken care off , they will still be capable of contributing to society .
For example , Lee Kuan Yew , Minister Mentor of Singapore , is still active in politics by advising young politicians .
The requirement for Mr. Lee to remain active in politics is good health .
Thus , it is crucial for the government to spend more public funds in dealing with medical problems of the aged .
In conclusion , public spending on the aged should not be limited .
I agree that other areas do need public funding , and indeed money has to be spent on it .
This positive impression will in turns attract foreigners to choose the country as a destination for pleasure .
An aging population is a problem affecting many global countries .
With an increasing aging population , countries will face lower productivity and increased social and health care costs .
Therefore , part of public spending should be placed on the interest of the elderly and the rest should be diverted to other areas of the country 's development to help boost economic growth .
Though it is a long term investment which takes many years to help generate income for the country , it is definitely worth the investment .
When the government steps in to provide subsidies for eligible students to further their education , the country has a population with higher qualifications as it covers more of those less fortunate families who could not afford the huge amount of school fees .
For example , the European Commission has contributed 2 billion to ICT research projects as ICT is one of the areas that underpin Europe 's economic performance and it is pivotal to its economic growth ( Europe 's Information Society , 2008 ) .
It is stated in the article that " it is essential to have continuous investment in research and development when difficult policy decisions to support the real economy worldwide " ( Europe 's Information Society , 2008 ) .
Another example , 2.4 % of Singapore 's GDP ; amounting to 3 billion euros , is spent on research and development ( Gafoor , 2008 ) .
Nevertheless , Singapore is planning to increase its spending to 6.8 billion euros by 2010 and targets to spend 3 % of their GDP ( Gafoor , 2008 ) .
The main objective of the investment is to build knowledge in three areas ; bio-technology , environmental technology , and digital media and information technology , for the rapid growth in Asia .
Last but not least , business opportunities can be created with government effort .
A well constructed environment where visitors enjoy good Internet connectivity and teleconferencing facilities in most hotels , convention halls and exhibition venues , opens up the opportunity to attract local and foreign corporations .
For example , Singapore put a lot of effort inton constructing a place for business travellers One of their notable examples is the Novotel Clarke Quay Singapore , which is an ideal venue to hold MICE events that had just recently renovated its facilities ( Uniquely Singapore , 2006 ) .
Thus , in 2006 , Singapore won the award of 'The Corporate Meeting of The Year ' ( Uniquely Singapore , 2006 ) .
This Award helped to enhance Singapore hotel positioning as a venue for business travellers and MICE events ( Uniquely Singapore , 2006 ) .
Coupled with a good education system and powerful research and development , creating business opportunities is part of the key to attracting more businesses and foreign talents into a country , as people are always interested in working in a vibrant country .
On the other hand , if most public spending is used on easing the aging process , it will slow down economic growth because it 's more of a cost than income for the country .
The cost of more suitable healthcare , infrastructure , transportation , housing , pensions and financial aid for the elderly is necessary to help ease the aging process However , spending should be limited as the health and economic value of the elderly decline , and emotional and social problems increase .
This is because in the long run , if most money is spent on accommodating the older population , there will be little economic growth , and society will face fewer choices on how to care for those in need ( Robert & Summer , 2005 ) .
In conclusion , public spending is for the good of the country 's population and the portion spent on the various areas
However , leaders must realize that as more money is spent on easing the aging process , future public spending will be limited and this could have a negative impact on future generations .
Therefore , improving the economy in different areas , such as education , rbusiness opportunities , and research and development opportunities as mentioned earlier , is more important than just focusing on solving one area of the problem .
Where is all the money invested ?
It has always been for the development of Singapore and its people .
The elderly have been perceived as the nation 's burden .
Hence , it can be argued that the government should limit their expenditure on the elderly so that money can be directed to other aspects of the country 's development .
The cost of living in Singapore is high such that children have resorted to abandoning their parents .
It is the responsibility of the government to take care of and ensure that their citizens are not suffering and to ease their plight , especially in times of recession .
The elderly have played their part in their younger days by paying for taxes and it is only reasonable for the government to repay them .
With the inflating cost of health care in Singapore , the government can not avoid implementing schemes such as Medisave and Medishield .
In the context of the elderly , the reason why the government has to spend a lot of money on them is due to the fact that children nowadays are abandoning their parents either in hospitals or old folk homes .
Looking back and considering living conditions in the past , the sacrifices they made then are no match for anything we would ever do in the present .
However , the children have to realise that not assuming their responsibilities to care for their parents , affects the whole society .
The elderly should also consider ageing actively and with dignity .
This will help increase psychological and emotional well being .
In conclusion , public spending on the elderly is necessar . however to a certain extent .
the government can not be relied on as they too have other areas of development to look out for .
The fact remains that education helps individuals gain knowledge and insights into life , which is the basis of civilisation and is vital for a nation 's political stability in the long run .
For instance , the government should adopt a more holistic approach so that the skills learned in classrooms can be adapted to the globalising world .
With its well-reputed education system , the focal point of public spending should instead be placed on the elderly .
Prime Minister Lee pointed out in a newspaper report ( Mathavan , 2009 ) that the country should not overlook the issue of caring for the elderly and provide health care subsidies .
However , this may be insufficient due to the stringent criteria placed on the Per Capita Income Rate of Subsidy .
The income assessment overlooks details such as a family having more than one elderly person that requires medical attention .
In this case , they might encounter difficulties in paying for the medical fees as they have more than one elderly person to look after .
This programme comprises of health checks , talks on how to engage the elderly socially , as well as activities that help them adopt healthier lifestyles .
To maintain elderly people 's interest , public spending should ideally be spent on building more facilities island wide so that the elderly need not travel long distances .
The efforts made by our leaders though commendable , are not sufficient to ensure the elderly remain interested
They are reluctant to start a family and even though they are married , they do not wish to have any children .
On the other hand , life expectancy has increased because people have become more affluent .
Thus , the aging population is now an increasing problem globally .
A very good example is Japan .
A case study in 2008 has shown that 20 % of the population now in Japan is sixty-five years old and above .
By 2030 , the percentage of the population who is sixty-five years old and above will rise to 38.1 % .
An aging population will be a never ending problem in this modern society .
Increasing public spending on the aged will not be able to solve this problem .
Firstly , increasing public spending on the aged will only make the aged dependent on the government .
People may think that it is time for the aged to enjoy their life because they have slogged for many decades , but they do not know that most of the aged are still fit and healthy .
If a person is employed , it is beneficial for their physical well being .
This proves that it is not necessary for the government to increase their budget on the aged if their aged population are able to cope financially .
The money on the other hand can be put to good use by improving on their research and development .
One good example of a country benefitting from research and development would be Japan .
Statistics have shown that in 1987 , around 33 percent of computer related patents in the United States were Japanese , as were 30 percent of aviation related patents and 26 percent of communication patents .
Not only does the country economy benefit , it helps the country to keep on developing and moving forward so as to catch up with
Therefore , public spending on the aged should be limited so as to let the other areas of the country 's development advance which will result in an improved economy .
Lastly , policies have been implemented by countries to help the aged .
However , people might argue that the aged have their children to depend on , but this dependence is straining on family ties as average health care costs rise .
Having a saving fund for them would be a better choice .
Hence , by having this CPF scheme , the government is able to cut down on spending on the aged and put it to better use by diverting it to other areas of the country 's development , thus improving the country 's economyeconomy of the country
In conclusion , public spending should be limited and money diverted to other areas of a country 's development. .
This will not only help the current aged , it will also enable the present generation to be able to enjoy healthy and fulfilling lives into their sunset years without putting a heavy burden on their children and grandchildren .
To a large extent , current policies have helped to ease the aging process .
Being one of the top aging populations in Asia , Singapore has to be prepared for the challenges to be faced currently ,or in the future , when Singapore turns into a prominent ageing society .
In order to take care of the challenges , the Singapore government has implemented several policies ,such as housing , health and employment policies , to overcome the obstacles of the aging phenomenon as well as to provide .
One of the policies is the housing policy , which strongly encourages extended families by providing incentives and elderly-friendly housing for senior citizens .
A report by the Government of Singapore 2000 , shows that in the year 2000 , around 9 out of 10 senior citizens who were above sixty-five years old were living together with their children ( Government of Singapore 2000 ) .
This may due to the various housing schemes which resulted in a high rate of elderly staying with their children .
Some of the housing schemes implemented by the Housing Development Board ( HDB ) include the Multi-Tier Housing Scheme , the Joint Selection Scheme , and the CPF Housing Grant Scheme ( Kalyani K. Mehta , 2002 ) .
The Multi-Tier Housing Scheme iwas introduced to encourage married children to live together under one roof with their parents or vice versa .
This scheme allows extended-family applicants to be given priority allocation on the flats they want to live in .
The Joint Selection Scheme allows families to choose the flats in priority order so that married children and parents can stay in separate HDB flats but close together , in the same neighboring town or estate ( Kalyani K. Mehta , 2002 ) .
Finally , the CFP Grant Scheme was also introduced to encourage married children to live near their parents by offering a higher grant if their flat is near their parents ' home compared to those who are either staying alone , or not staying close to their parents .
Apart from these schemes , Singapore is also trying hard to create an elderly-friendly environment by : modifying lifts to stop on every floor ; using non-slip floor tiles to minimize the danger of elderly people slipping and falling ; having support hand bars in toilets ; installing alert alarm systems ; and building ramps and link ways to facilitate wheelchair access .
Housing schemes and building an elderly-friendly environment would definitely allow the elderly to live more comfortably
Health care policies for the aged have been getting noticed in recent years .
For instance , old people who do not have any health care indemnity have been advised to have Medishield accounts with support given from the government ( Chan , Angelique 2002 ) .
This account permits individuals to pay for their medical bills .
Besides , the government helps in subsidizing health screening programs for senior citizens .
Despite having various schemes for health care , there are still numerous underprivileged senior citizens who can not afford their medical expenses especially for prolonged illnesses such as strokes and rheumatism .
Thus the Medifund was established to provide aid for those who are unable to pay for healthcare services ( Ministry of Health,2010 ) .
Needy patients are hence , able to apply and use this fund to pay for their healthcare services .
Last but not least , it is important to make the elderly an asset to Singapore 's society by giving senior citizens who are physically capable the opportunity to work .
The government has started to put emphasis on the re- training of the older workers to work more efficiently and productively ( Chan , Angelique 2002 ) .
Not only that , the government has also extended the retirement age of individuals .
This permits the aged population to continue serving society and also in certain ways helps to build confidence in the elderly .
In conclusion , the Singapore government has seriously looked into the needs of its senior citizens and the challenges faced in terms of aging population by implementing policies to ease the aging process .
Public spending on the aged should be limited so that money can be diverted to other areas of the country 's development .
There are many aspects in society that require the country 's resources. .
Spending on Education , Healthcare , Research and Development and the aged
It has been acknowledged that the aging population will require a large portion of a country 's budget to support various welfare programmes .
Thus spending on the aged is necessary yet it should be carefully limited so as not to compromise other sectors and overall national interest in the long run .
If the budget over emphasizes on the aged , this will result in insufficient funding for Education , greatly compromising the academic intelligence of the younger generation .
When the population is less educated , the country 's general growth declines , , especially in the area of Research and Development that requires highly educated personnel to function .
The correlation between economic growth and spending on the aged must be understood .
With economic growth , the budget available will increase and the government can afford to spend the same portion of the budget yet providing a larger real sum .
Robert B. Friedland and Laura Summer ( 2005 ) mentioned that with economic growth , there will be a lower demand for government handouts and there will be more funds made available for elderly welfare programmes .
Thus education , which helps to sustain future economic growth , is an aspect where spending on the aged must be carefully limited in order to prevent any compromise .
Secondly , Research and Development engages in tertiary scientific and technical studies and in turn will bring about new discoveries or innovations to current technology .
This will cause the growth of new industries and constantly keep the country 's technological level at the cutting edge of innovation .
In Singapore 's case it heavily depends on the ever advancing technology to create new industries and job opportunities . Therefore , , Research and Development spending must be guaranteed so as to ensure the country 's economic growth in the future .
Certain objections must of course be considered
However , Robert B. Friedland and Laura Summer ( 2005 ) mentioned that with economic growth , the aged population has more ability to fend for themselves either by getting employment or through children 's support .
This information should be treated as a means of relief to the government 's handouts .
To conclude , the role of government in providing assistance to the elderly , either to show its appreciation or simply to those who are in need , can not be denied .
Robert B. Friedland and Laura Summer ( 2005 ) , point out that a group of uneducated or single elderly remains vulnerable as they did not have the means to save up for a decent retirement when they were working .
But it should be remembered that while sympathy and appreciation for the aged must remain , it must not be overdone because there are more than just the aged to look after .
Thus spending on the aged is necessary , however , it should be carefully limited so as not to compromise other sectors and overall national interest in the long run .
In this modern era , ageing populations have become a phenomenon in many countries , especially those which hold records of past baby boom and present low fertility rates , like Singapore and Japan .
While liberals view social welfare as a legitimate function of government and provision of welfare as citizens ' rights , it can be argued that the welfare state may end up heading towards a 'bottomless pit'- one which requires relentless public spending , in this case , on the aged and is indifferent to a person 's capability in attaining self-sufficiency .
Also , to ensure a nation 's continual economic growth and social development , much of the fiscal earnings should be utilized on other areas like investments and education .
Therefore to maintain a healthy balance between various demands and to reduce dependency , , there should be a boundary set on the public expenditure for care for the elderly .
To begin with , the fact that public funding is not infinite must be recognized .
In fact , an ageing population itself will make the matter worse , as there is a " growing number of elderly persons ( being ) supported by relatively fewer younger persons " ( Peterson , 2001 ) .
As such should the government be spending more or even lavishly on building care for the elderly ? This could be significantly depriving other areas for development , for example , the economic sector due to the shortage of funds for investments , and the social environment due to the limited resources for enhancing the quality of living , to name a few .
Critics may point out that higher taxation rates will be able to increase fiscal earnings .
Nevertheless , such measures would fend off new immigrants ( who are needed to make up the shrinking population ) , and may even propel citizens away from their homeland
Restrictions should therefore be imposed on public expenditure on the aged due to competition for funds by other sectors .
Moreover in today 's context , many nations are advocating early preparation for retirement .
In the case of Singapore , the government implements a compulsory savings scheme , the Central Provident Fund ( CPF ) to help its citizens start accumulating assets and savings upon entering the workforce .
Pro-family policies and regulations , like the Maintenance of Parents Act , also help to reinforce social obligations in children to take care of their aged parents ( Peterson , 2001 ) .
This ensures that the majority , if not all of the aged would be financially independent
Therefore the area that the public sector should take care of is the psychological needs of the elderly upon entering their twilight years .
Facing loneliness and empty-nest syndrome , the elderly require social support .
Also , financial aid would only be given to those without family support , through the Public Assistance Scheme .
As compared to a welfare-state that provides pensions indiscriminately to all , such as comprehensive approach would demand less public expenditure on the aged and thus funds allocated should be limited accordingly .
Nevertheless , some may argue that it one 's " entitlement " to receive a pension and other forms of material benefits upon retirement ( Fernandez , 1994 ) .
However , this may create an impression that one can rely on the state during old-age , and result in the sapping of incentives to work and save for retirement .
Since an ageing population would translate into a growing number of 'beneficiaries ' , the figures of public expenditure would thus be expected to multiply and eventually become such a vast amount that it could go beyond the financial capability of the welfare state societies .
To avoid such social repercussions , free-flow expenditure on eldercare that can draw individual dependency on the nation should be prohibited. .
On the whole , public spending on the aged should not be made at the expense of the progress of other sectors .
Also , restrictive expenditure will avert the formation of " welfare dependency " but promote the building of a " compassionate society " through family-centred policies ( Chua , 1993 ) .
The concept of a welfare-state should be especially avoided in countries with scarce resources like Singapore , because in times of financial difficulties , they will have no resources to tap on but have to rely solely on themselves ( Clasen , 2001 ) .To be on the safe side , policy-makers should allocate fiscal earnings in a diverse manner , and not solely on maintaining the aged .
It is undeniable that the world population is ageing regardless of how obsessed humans are about the .
Hence , an ageing population is
In fact , it is a real world phenomenon faced prominently in the twenty-first century by many developed as well as developing countries , with some exceptions in only a few under-developed countries like the Middle East and North Africa where the youth population is bulging ( Dhillon , 2008 ) .
The main reason lies in the advancement of research and technology , which conveys the message of the importance of living a healthier lifestyle by avoiding excess food consumption , smoking , liberal sex .
Therefore , humans tend to live longer and the ageing population is rising at an increasing rate regardless of how developed their nation is .
In the World Population Ageing report 1950-2050 ,prepared by Population Division of the United Nations , it is stated that Europe , a region which comprises mainly of first world countries , has the highest proportion of the aged in the world .
This is certainly a very large demographic number for the governing states to deny support because public spending , on the aged , if limited , will incur more disadvantages than advantages , not only to the aged who will be directly affected , but also to the overall society as a whole due to the fact that members in society interact with one another .
As more people live longer , it is necessary for proper public spending to enhance various social security systems as tthe aged are more vulnerable to be discriminated against in a capital-driven society nowadays .
Some forms of discrimination occur when current policies that are supposed to protect the ageing population are inefficient , as they do not seem to eradicate the problems of poverty among the aged .
Society is still witnessing a considerable number of older people abandoned in the streets and alleys begging for money from the public .
The aged living in poverty is only one group needing help , the others consist of the handicapped , mentally-disabled , single and unmarried , the illiterate , and so on who should not be denied of receiving public fund from the government .
This is because neglecting them will create a 'paralysed ' society - a society of social problems with discrimination and marginalisation of certain groups of people that impair the progression of the groups ( TheFreeDictionary , 2009 for the definition of 'paralysed ' ) .
In a society accompanied by materialism and ageism , the needy aged will be pushed to their limits as many of them are vulnerable .
In addition , many employers are reluctant to hire older labours either as skilled or unskilled workers. .
As a result , without the appropriate approach from the government to assist them financially , the aged are 'paralysed ' by cut backs on levels of public spending and likely to lose most means of life without jobs , shelters , and money to purchase their basic means of surviving like food and medicine .
Such distortion in society is a form of violation of basic human rights .
Diversion of public spending to other areas of the country 's development , instead of on the aged is a doubtful policy to maintain regional political stability .
Firstly , limiting public spending on the aged will definitely cause disparity on the principle of democracy itself , where the aged are denied their freedoms and rights to be supported by the government although they are the rightful citizens who play the role of voting in the government .
because the aged are provoked and to vote for a ruling government who marginalize them .
Research has shown that young people in India are less likely to vote and the elderly are most likely to vote ( Joshi , 2009 ) .
Additionally , Japan , where 20 percent of its population is 65 years or older ( Reuters , 2007 )
Political parties are less likely to ignore this essential category of voters in order for them to succeed in the elections .
Secondly , Mark L. Haas of Duquesne University argues that a disproportionately high number of young people in a society along with high rates of unemployment creates strong grievances against current political conditions .
He cited research showing that population ageing has been a source of political stability and economic development in many regions .
In other words , the world 's ageing population has the potential to defuse the war on terrorism .
Diverting funds from the aged to other forms of development will allow growing levels of poverty within the rising ageing population , thus creating shaky grounds for the country 's political stability , and also
Moreover , it is unclear who will truly take care of the aged after the government retreats from providing
There should be some organizations which hold as much capital as the government and willingly play a larger role than the government .
However , it is a form of investment that portrays forms of risk .
The aged are vulnerable failed investments and the poorer elderly may not be well protected as they do not possess much capital .
The opportunity to obtain aged care support and services will be limited if they are provided by the private for profit sectors rather than the private not-for-profit sectors ( McIntosh , 2003 ) .
Apart from this , non-profit organizations like social workers , have lesser incentives to provide sustainable and constant assistance to the aged , since their duties diverge to other social groups as well , such as the orphans , homeless teenagers , single mothers and others .
Therefore , the adult children of the aged seem like the most plausible individuals to provide for their parents .
The act of depending on a child 's filial obligation will instill greater social and financial pressures on them when
Besides , there will also be psychological effects of limiting public spending on the aged too .
Public spending on the aged should not be limited and c .
For example , public spending should be spent on the aged under a better mechanism through more practical efforts like encouraging the aged to be productive if they are still capable of providing their knowledge and wisdom .
Some jobs that the government can monitor to protect our senior citizens from being discriminated against are in agriculture , working from home , consultancy , teaching , making handicrafts , and gardening , .
This helps to increase the country 's productivity among the aged and the aged are still able to sustain their basic means of living .
The combination of these forces can yield economic growth and not the stagnation that some predict ( Novelli , 2003 ) .
Denying support for them on the other hand , will further result in a nation with social , political and economic disparities .
The aging problem is an important issue that governments are worrying about .
Peterson ( 2001 ) even claims that the aging problem will worsen as the median age of the elderly will reach around 50 by 2050 in many first world countries .
This prediction is further supported by a survey conducted by the World Bank , .
With the growing population of the elderly , governments have put in a lot of effort , by providing financial assistance and grants for example , in order to ease the issue effectively .
However , some people disagree with the government 's policy and claim that there is a need to limit public spending on the aged so thatt the money is diverted to other areas to attain a balanced economic and social development .
Moreover , it can also be argued that the government 's approach is not a good remedy to cope with the aging problem permanently .
Some people may argue that limited public spending on the elderly .
The aged have contributed a lot to form and shape society .
Limiting public spending has a deeper meaning , that the government does n't acknowledge their contributions to the country .
Education is a good example that helps to solve this issue more effectively .
This may indirectly help them to think and spend wisely in their future so that they are less dependent on the government as their future is financially secured .
Besides , instilled moral values remind them of the importance of taking up the filial obligation with their parents .
Hence , public spending on the education should be stressed as well since it helps to solve the aging issue more effectively , rather than keeping on spending money on the elderly
Social work aims at restructuring society , such that a more balanced society is attained , where no single citizen becomes the victim of economic development .
It also helps to solve existing social problems and provides support to the needy .
Without the Singaporean government ( Ministry of Community Development and Sport ) providing funds and subsidies to these organizations , some of them might not be able to survive and continue operating , especially during the economic downturn which has has badly hit Singapore recently .
Besides , it helps to solve other social issues than just the aging problem .
Hence , public spending on this sector should be increased so that a balanced and more structured society is formed and a more rigid social safety net is provided .
With the economic downturn , job opportunities have decreased
This is shown in statistics from the Ministry of Trade and Industry of Singapore , which state that the unemployment rate has risen by 1.2 % , which was from 3.6 % in December of 2008 to 4.8 % in March 2009 .
Therefore , public spending on industrial and related sectors which provide more job opportunities for people who have been affected during this harsh period should be stressed equally .
Besides , some elderly still wish to continue working as a result of insufficient savings and the increasing cost of living .
Besides , increased unemployment rates contribute to a lot of social problems which may threaten the social security of the country .
However , from another perspective , the money diverted to other areas or sectors such as industry , tourism , social work professional associations and education , help to form a more rigid and structured society .
The aging issue worldwide was not pressing until the large population of the Baby Boomers generation began to welcome their golden years .
As medical facilities and technologies have continued to evolve , so have the lifespan of modern mortals prolonged .
In recognition of this problem , current policies as well as research and development that have been implemented has yielded to ease the aging process .
An aging population is often associated with a decline in the workforce and the productivity of the country .
For example , Denton and Spencer ( 1998 ) noted that the rate of growth per capita GDP is certain to fall significantly over the coming decades unless either the immigration rate or the productivity growth rate increases dramatically .
It is the ageing of the population that lies behind this concern ( as cited in Scarth , 2002 ) .
Therefore , policies such as Angel Policy 1989 , New Angel Policy 1999 and the " Angel Plan , Plus-One " 2003 , have been introduced and implemented in Japan to increase the birthrate and expand the workforce of the future as to maintain productivity of the country ( Cardiosk , 2008 ) ( Devasahayam , Yeoh , 2007 ) .
The size of tomorrow 's economy and tax base should be increased by raising more productive children so that the cost burden is spread over a larger and more affluent future generation ( Peterson , 2001 ) .
Another alternative carried out by Japan is to use their advancement in science and technology to curb the aging issues by using robots in their workforce .
Japan has innovatively modified robots to put them in production lines and the service industry as substitutes for their aging workforce .
These two measures have attempted to reduce the reliance of the workforce on the aging population and to soothe the pressing matter of the aging population .
The health care system has also been given high priority to cater to the needs of the aging population .
For instance in Singapore , besides building new hospitals such as the Khoo Teck Puat Hospital in Yishun and the Jurong General Hospital , the authorities have taken a big stride by building a link between hospitals and community hospitals where patients can receive treatment at the and then recuperate at the community hospital .
In this way , the elderly obtain appropriate care aat the same time as lowering health care and freeing up beds in hospitals for more critical cases which need to be treated ( " Healthcare system to be reconstructed " , 2009 ) .
This scenario maximizes efficiency as government hospitals will be able to deliver high quality medical skills and the community hospitals will be able to tend to patients ' psychology and social needs better .
Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong noted in the National Rally Day speech 2009 , that the best way to keep health care costs down is by maintaining a healthy lifestyle .
In the agenda to help the elderly maintain a healthy lifestyle , Wellness Programme was launched in 12 constituencies in 2008 with the aim of allowing senior citizens to undergo health screening , fitness assessments and to participate in physical activities ( " Wellness Programme popular " , 2009 ) .
Wellness Centres organize various activities for their elderly members , such as intellectual pursuit , physical activities and also activities to expand their social networking .
Cheerful and happy elderly people , who are satisfied and contented mentally and physically from the activities designed for them , are less susceptible to illnesses , preventing the need for long term care , keeping the cost of healthcare maintenance low and resulting in a happier aging process .
The implementation of the Maintenance of Parents Act in 1995 was said to be against Singapore 's Confucianism idealistic norm and controversial in a filial piety orientated society .
Also , the Central Provident Fund of Singapore ( CPF ) ,that was first introduced in 1955 , is actually a social security savings plan where the overall scope and benefits of CPF revolve around retirement , healthcare , home ownership , family protection and asset enhancement ( " Singapore Central Provident Fund - CPF " ) .
In the early days , employees could only withdraw money from the Central Provident Fund when they retire however , in 1984 , a new scheme known as the Medisave was introduced , so .
In addition to Medisave , MediShield which is a medical insurance scheme was introduced in 1990 in order to help members to sustain and pay for long term medical expenses which arise from serious illness .
A new strategy , Eldershield , implemented in September 2002 , is a special insurance scheme that provides coverage for disability , especially in old age due to the lengthening of the life span of Singaporeans ( Kalyani K. Mehta ) .
All these policies aim to lessen the financial burden on the elderly to provide them with security in their sunset years .
Although given the support and coordination between the government , Voluntary Welfare Organizations ( VWO ) , the community and individuals , the aging process in various countries is believed to be able to be eased , if not overcome .
When life expectancy increases , the the aging population also increases as people live longer .
According to the Top Ten list ( Compare Infobase Limited , 2006 ) on the countries which have the highest life expectancy at Birth Year 2004 , Australia falls in 5th position at 80.2 % , while Singapore moves up to the 4th position at 80.5 % .
Therefore , current research and development/policies have helped to ease the with people living longer as compared to the past .
The government has taken some measures to deal with the reality of the aging society
For example , more , like the Khoo Teck Puat Hospital in the North and the Jurong General Hospital in the West , have been built to cater to more elderly patients .
Building more community hospitals is also vitall to the elderly as community hospitals can provide lower costs and special care for elderly patients to recuperate after being discharged from General Hospitals .
The hospital also provides many activities like Karaoke sessions and performances by volunteers to cheer up the elderly patients to help them in their early recovery .
Other charity organisations like the NKF , TOUCH Community Services , and The Salvation Army are help the elderly by having different types of programmes or services ranging from rehabilitation to counselling .
A special trained pool of doctors , nurses , social workers and caregivers are employed to cater to patients special needs
Although hospitals are built to cater for the elderly and medical science is advancing , the most critical issue is still the high medical cost that patients and families have to worry about .
To tackle this issue , the government has introduced policies like the CPF which consists of the Ordinary Account , Special Account and the 3Ms , which include Medisave , MediShield and Medifund Account , to prepare the citizens for their retirement .
When the citizens of Singapore turn 55 , they can withdraw their savings from their CPF .
Besides that , the CPF can also be used to buy a house , cover hospital expenses or for education fees .
As a result , the government sees fewer cases of residents unable to afford healthcare and social medical workers have reported that Medifund is enough to cover hospital bills .
Community Centres and Resident Committee Centres have also been built in different areas of Singapore to provide recreational activities and programmes for the elderly to participate in .
Infrastructures such as elderly friendly facilities outside HDB flats or in the parks have also been specially built for the elderly to encourage them to exercise and keep fit .
Although not all elderly people would be willing to use the facilities or take part in activities , the centres advertise the activities through banners and flyers or even the mass media to encourage the elderly to be active and healthy .
For example , Paro , a cooing baby harp seal robot fitted with sensors beneath its fur and whiskers , has been developed by Japan 's Intelligent System Co , to soothe patients in hospitals and nursing homes ( Alan Taylor , 4 March 2009 ) .
Even though new products like robots have been invented families with lower incomes may not be able to afford these extra luxuries .
It encourages adult married children to live near their parents so that they can take care of them and attend to their parents ' needs conveniently .
The government also encourages adult children to take care of their own parents by pushing filial piety values on them , as there is a limit to how much the government can help the elderly because resources like land and workforce are very limited in Singapore .
However in some cases where children are unfilial , the government has introduced the " Parents Maintenance Act Law " , to help solve the problem of unfilial children by making them support their elderly parents in a form of paying them a monthly allowance .
In addition to the fear of the government also introduced different policies to help in other areas like ensuring work security in women who are on maternity leave , baby bonuses and children 's Edusave education funds .
However , there is still the problem of a growing aging population due to low birth rates .
In order to deal with this problem , the government has opened up doors to foreign workers to work in Singapore so that they can help increase the workforce productivity Companies can also employ more care-givers to help the elderly .
From birth to the death , man has experienced huge change continuously which is called the aging process and as a result , our society has became older and older .
Not only man , the world has been changing continuously especially in the economic sector which is the most important part of making a living .
Thanks to economic growth , people may escape from worries about hunger and poverty but do they feel insecure about their future when they imagine that they are in their 70 's or 80 's ?
Though the world economy has prospered dramatically for about a century , it does n't seem to have a place for the old the focus is on achieving hasty economic growth .
Firstly , the fundamental flow of a modern economy is market capitalism in which most of the economic assets and system are owned by the private sector , not the public sector and government .
The owner of a property always tries to seek profit from that so their basic needs to live are considered as means of making money .
The problem starts from here .
For instance , if health insurance belongs to an individual for people should pay a lot more to see a doctor and get a prescription This causes problems for old people as they do not earn after retirement but have to visit hospital more frequently than before ( Peterson,2001 ) .
As the market economy brings about the private ownership of basic elements for living , the faces distress .
Secondly , the silver labor market should be considered because OECD ( 2005 ) reported that around 2050 , the old will consist of one sixth of the total population .
.
Take Korea as an example , its government is trying to create employment for the old .
Although the Korean government is making new jobs for elderly people they tend to be low status jobs like security guards or delivery men . and the salary for silver labor is too small .
This is because the current economic system looks for a more efficient and competitive work force and the companies that hire the old do n't consider the elderly and try to avoid engaging them .
As a result , the existing alternative plan for increasing aging population employment is not effective
Thirdly , it can be argued that people have achieved huge economic growth and the product of that accomplishment results in an upgrading of living standards without uncertainty for the future .
Needless to say , Singapore 's GDP shows economic improvement every year .
Despite this progress , .
Because the economy always encourages people to spend all of their money on new products and services and not on saving , people are not used to saving something for the future .
A concrete example is credit cards .
To get a drastic expansion of the consumption for economic growth , the market created the credit card which can distribute current consumption to the future to reduce the present burden .
The aim of this may be good , but this has led to the credit crisis where people suffer from financial difficulties .
In a nut shell , the economy only cares about profit , people can not prepare for the future by saving and finally , the old may experience financial hardship .
Definitely , the economy becomes bigger every moment and it offers a lot of advantages , for example , people do n't have to worry about starving or a lack of food .
However for some people , this benefit is just
The marginal protection for the old is now
For these reasons , from the aging population point of view , economic improvement has n't eased the aging process .
To ease this process , the economy should consider excluding people , the old of the society and let them know how to prepare for a stable and comfortable future .
An Ageing population is a problem encountered by many countries today .
To date , elderly aged over 65 constitutes 8.6 % of the total population in Singapore , which will see an expected rise to 18.7 % in 2030 .
Such a significant trend has led many to worry about the problems associated with this phenomenon , hence the government has initiated certain policies and developments aimed at helping the elderly .
Although these initiatives are beneficial for the aged , the government should consider limiting public spending on them to divert money to other areas such as education and development in Singapore .
Spending on the aged should be kept to a smaller proportion as compared to areas such as education .
Prime Minister Lee ( 2009 ) at a dialogue with Nanyang Technological University students took the stand that local students should build networks with the rest of the world and integrate in new environment in order to " push the boundaries " and break new grounds for Singapore .
Money should be given to aid needy students who will then not be deprived of a chance to participate in Exchange programs administered by the institution .
Singapore , having one of the top education systems , should continue it 's reputation , and the government should divert money spent on the aged to refining students who are the future leaders of Singapore .
Singapore 's tourism sector is a lucrative field which has contributed greatly to the country 's economic success .Therefore , the the government should divert money on the aged to this thriving industry .
Since 1996 , the number of tourists coming to Singapore has been increasing steadily with an estimated $ 14.8 billion tourist received in 2008 .
Tourism has made a significant contribution in creating more jobs for locals and with the upcoming Marina Sands project , thousands of jobs for Singaporeans are expected to be created in this period of economic downturn .
Also , the tourism sector has made huge contributions to Singapore 's economy , with an estimated $ 230 billion in 2007 .
Thus , the government has to continue improving on its infrastructure and developments for tourism and tourists so as to remain on a competitive edge with other Asian countries .
Hence , funds spent on the aged should be limited in lieu of spending it on more beneficial areas for the country .
Critics have validated the spending on aged by arguing for the role which the elderly hold in building and molding Singapore to where it is now .
'Hardware ' has been constructed to facilitate the aged in their daily lives ; 'heart-ware ' should be proliferated instead .
" heart-ware " means giving emotional support to the aged and providing unconditional love and respect for them .
Teo ( 2009 ) believes that people should treat the elderly they way that they want to be treated when they are old .
the government can not coerce 'heart- ware ' on the young ; instead they can be influenced and taught in school when they are young .
.
The aged still remain as a figure of respect .
The government should reduce the proportion of funds spent on aged facilities and divert it to education and tourism development as these two fields will enable the continual growth for this small nation dependent on it 's labor force .
In fact , nowadays Singapore 's population is aging too and it is one of the fastest aging populations in Asia .
There are several developed countries such as Japan , the US and Singapore predicting that educated aging boomers will have longer life expectancies than the generations that preceded them .
It is estimated that by 2050 , Singapore 's median age will move from 36 to 54 , similar to Japan and Italy .
In addition , an aging population causes a decrease in the workforce .
Notwithstanding a viable policy , Singapore citizens feel that these new immigrants and foreigners might not benefit them because they will face even more intense competition in the workforce .
However , if Singapore does not adopt immigration , it will face manpower shortfalls .
As more elderly people retire from the work field , this causes a lack of productivity in the workforce as well as a labour shortage .
Subsequently , a labour shortage will have a negative impact on the economy as it slows the country 's economic growth .
Nevertheless , these problems could be eliminated as the influx of foreigners through immigration will satisfy the needs of the labour market and boost the economy with improved labour productivity .
Admitting more immigrants will help to replenish the country 's aging population in the years ahead .
For example , the government of Singapore has introduced several measures to boost the fertility rate .
One of which is immigration , which has attracted many immigrants mainly from China , India , and Malaysia to integrate into society and has helped to raise the fertility rate .
Moreover , since there are more young people engaged in the workforce , the elderly in later life will as they will be supported by the younger generations .
Immigration is a practical solution adopted by developed countries with aging societies , namely , Singapore , the USA and China .
For instance , Japan is facing a population crisis as they have the lowest birth rate in the world .
The shrinking of the labour force and the lack of vitality for the workforce will happen in the near future .
Therefore , Japan needs to ease up on its immigration laws by allowing more foreigners to immigrate in order to solve the problems .
In conclusion , coping with an aging population will require a long term effort and it is a challenge to a country .
However , this challenge could help to ease the aging process in the long run by adopting immigration .
There are others policies that should be taken into consideration , including ; family policy , later retirement for the elderly , and promoting healthy life styles for resolving problems posed by aging process .
, the government should encourage older population to live an active aging life .
The elderly , who prepare well and early for old age will be more ready for retirement , then the present generations of people will be able to enjoy meaningful and happy lives without relying or putting a burden on their children .
The Ministry of Community Development , Youth and Sports ( 2009 ) showed that at least 1 out of the 5 people will be 65 or older in 2030 .
As for Japan , at least 1 out of 4 people will be 65 and above by 2055 .
This alarming statistic has rang a bell about the importance of the public to spend their wealth on the needs of the aged .
This essay will address the scope of which is the appropriate amount of resources that public should spend on the vulnerable group .
Not all the aged need financial help as these people may well be taken care of by their children .
The developing countries , on the other hand , should invest their public spending on areas such as education and law and order before they can address the issue of the aging population .
Thus , public spending on the aged should be maximized in developed countries , while public spending in the developing countries should be utilized to help to reduce societal problems .
The aged need money to cover their extensive bills , that range from medical purposes to other basic necessities .
In Singapore , it is not uncommon to see the aged working in sectors that are shunned by the young .
It is true that the aged are able to support themselves by being financially independent .
However , they receive low salaries , which can hardly cover the increasing cost of their medical bills .
Thus , the cost of medical treatment is considered as expensive by the aged especially those who hold low-income jobs or who live alone without the support of the family .
Their target is always this vulnerable group as they believe that it is relatively easy to manipulate them in order to gain sympathy from the public .
Aging populations are becoming a very serious and significant problem especially in developed country where the educated and professional continue .
Public spending should not be limited as the money can be utilized to promote campaigns that encourage the vulnerable to stay employed .
Although the vulnerable may be perceived as the ones with vast knowledge and experience , the young is likely not to overlook this matter .
, which is able to work quickly and productively .
It believes that the vulnerable should be given the right to work and that companies should abolish the concept of age restriction .
This is the human right that individuals should be entitled to as long .
Thus , campaigns will raise the awareness of the public to help the aged to face the discrimination that still prevails within society .
In Thailand , for instance , social problems need to be addressed as children are involved .
Berger and Glind ( 1999 ) from the Thailand Office of the National Commission on Women 's Affairs reported that an estimated 40 000 children are involved in the country 's lucrative sex industry .
This is an alarming issue as the vicious circle may worsen .
Besides , the children believe that this lifestyle is one of the easiest ways to earn an astronomical amount of money .
Public spending is thus needed to rectify the perception shaped by the children , or else the problem will remain unsolved .
The spending should be used in campaigns in order to raise awareness about the importance of basic education for children .
Thus , it is indeed clear that developed and developing countries have different issues to address .
The prevailing issue needs to be resolved before the issue gets worse .
Although it is true that the ageing population is less severe in developing countries at present , it may not stay true for the future .
It is because globalization h
The children in the developing countries who have received a quality education , may want to pursue their career in other countries with a stable and high income .
The majority of the people in these countries , live in villages .
The children , who have been socially ingrained with moral values , are obligated to look after the parents .
Hence , in future , when migration issues becomes a global pandemic , the public should give a helping hand to the aged since the children will no longer take care of their needs .
The public will then need to assist them in order to reduce the burden .
In conclusion , the amount of money utilized to help to ease the burden of the aged should not be limited .
The financial burden and discrimination faced at the workforce are among the problems that the aged are going through .
There should be a level of awareness to help the aged so that they will age with dignity and pride .
This is because everyone , sooner or later will reach the ageing stage and will want their needs to be taken care of as well .
Hence , this is where the role of public spending should come iin to play to address the needs of the aged .
Decisions on the allocation of government funds can impact different aspects of society differently .
So how would spending money on the elderly affect society ?
Some believe that government spending on the elderly should be controlled and that the money should be used in other aspects of the society such as education , economic growth and public health care .
However , the community and not only the government can help the weak elderly in society
Thus , the government should use the money to handle more pressing issue such as the health of the general public in this period whereby there are outbreaks of a lot of diseases such as avian flu and swine flu , that have taken the lives of many .
Some politicians may argue that although the proportion of elderly people is still small now , it will grow larger if the problem of aging population is not dealt with now .
Since there are definitely other ways to cope with aging populations governments should allocate its funds to other areas that are more urgent .
Furthermore , Governments should focus on other areas such as education and economic growth , as tackling such areas will solve the problem of an aging population in the long run , killing two birds with one stone .
Increase in economic growth will also lead to an increase in employment .
In this scheme , a portion of a person 's monthly salary will be deposited into the CPF account on a monthly basis and it can only be withdrawn at the age of 55 , thereby assuring financial independence of the elderly .
Therefore , governments should reduce their spending on the elderly and more of the budget should be used on education and for boosting economic growth .
In conclusion , public funding should be limited as it may cause the elderly to be over reliant on it . The money should then be used elsewhere in areas such as public health that are more pressing as well as on education and economic growth as that will also help to solve the aging population crisis .
By carefully allocating government funds , society will benefit as a whole .
The reason for this is because their aging population problem is much more serious as compared to developing countries .
There is a need to understand that the amount of reliance the aged have on the public is quite significant . It is also necessary to take into account the contributions that the aged have made , as well as to recognize the more substantial advancement in .
Critics have commented that other areas of the country 's development such as education need the money to substantiate the advancement of these particular developments so as to bring them to greater heights .Therefore , limitations on public spending on the aged should be enforced .
However , there is the recognition of the fact that governments in developed countries have already pumped in a huge amount of money to develop the main areas of development like education and national defence .
In addition , an aging population has not been an area of concern in the past and only recently have the aged formed a significant population in developed countries .
It is well known that Singapore has a world class education system .
The efforts can be seen clearly as Singapore is now an advanced developing country . However the most predominant problem arising now is the aging population .
Thus public spending on the aged must not be limited as it is problem .
Cynics have mentioned that in developed countries , quite a number of the aged are still working and receiving wages , so they will have the means to pay for their living expenses and healthcare costs .
However even though a significant number of the aged are still in the workforce , most of them are taking up menial jobs like cleaning which only gives them a meagre pay .
In addition , the aged are still quite vulnerable to diseases and are weak , thus public spending on the aged should not be limited so as to assist them with their healthcare costs .
.
This further infers that there is not enough public spending on the aged . This is another reason why public spending should not be limited on the aged .
The main reason for this phenomenon is that money needs to be spent on the aged now so as to ease the aging process , if not , years down the road , public spending might have to increase significantly as compared to now due to the lack of spending on the aged .
Thus it is important to spend more now to ease the problems of aging population , if not years later , the problems of an aging population might heap up .
They are deemed useless and with low productivity they can not contribute significantly to society
Thus society should limit their spending on the aged and shift their focus onto the young .
In time to come , the young can give back to society unlike the aged .
However the fact that the aged were young once and also made contributions to the society also needs to be recognized .
In fact they are the ones who laid the foundations for the younger generations .
Without their contributions , the country may not be where and what it is now , thus it is society 's responsibility to take care of them , regarding this as a repayment back to the aged .
( Smil , 2007 , para 9 ) This shows that public spending on the aged should not be limited as the percentage of the aged will increase significantly in time to come due to the problems arising from an aging population .
By 2055 many more people will require elderly friendly facilities .
In a nutshell , the above mentioned arguments and reasons point to the fact that public spending on the aged should not be limited as if it is limited , dire consequences ,such as the country itself might be seen as neglecting the aged , will surface .
This might lead to foreign corporations being discouraged to invest in Singapore as Singapore might be perceived as not having an effective system . Therefore it can be concluded that the aged should have a bigger portion of the pie that is the public spending , while other areas will still have their share
To a large extent , current research and development have helped to ease the aging process .
Through the use of these specific reasons and examples , this essay will demonstrate why especially in the field of medicine .
Firstly , modern medicine is now able to cure or treat many diseases that were once terminal .
Today , modern medicine can even prolong the lives of people who have diseases for which this is still no cure .
Secondly , people today are more aware of the effect of healthy living on their life expectancy .
This is due to developed countries having an aging population coupled with a higher cost of living .
These include education , technological research and welfare programs for the needy .
Welfare programs , such as free healthcare services that are introduced in some countries , do improve the quality and lifespan of the aged in those countries .
Firstly , funds that are needed to support these welfare programs will come from taxes on the working-age adult .
The high cost of healthcare services results in high taxation on citizens
These countries like Britain and the United States generally have low Gross Domestic Product ( GDP ) and high public expenditure , with few exceptions like Sweden .
With a lower GDP , Sweden generates less revenue to divert to other areas of a country 's development .
( Jonathan Eyal , 20 August 2009 ) Studies have shown that Britain 's National Health Service , " devours 17.5 per cent of Britain 's annual fiscal budget , almost as much as defence and education combined .
The elderly in Singapore are dependent on government subsidies in various areas due to the current high cost of living .
However , public spending on the aged is only a short term solution to the problem of the aging population .
This short term solution poses a burden to the economy without actually addressing the root of problem of the aging population in the long run .
Public spending will only continue to spiral upwards if the government is committed to healthcare spending on the aged .
The government should look at this problem from an economic perspective in the long run .
This long term solution of diverting the country 's resources from spending on the aged to education lessens the squeeze on the already fully exploited economy .
Fewer opportunities , in the form of job security and stability arise from less money being diverted to education and development of the economy .
This will lead to emigration and brain drain from the country , which will in turn lead it to lose/losing its competitive edge , and thus it will be less attractive to investors .
More money should be diverted to education for the development of the younger generation to deal with .
An example is Singapore providing free education and offering one of the world 's best childcare services and facilities .
Nonetheless , the younger generation forms the pillar of a country 's economy and more attention should be given to nurturing them .
The issue of an an aging population has become an increasing important issue in our society today .
The problems caused by an aging population are increasing and it has placed great pressure on society .
Hence , the government is paying more attention to solving these problems caused by aging population through various means .
One of them is to increase public spending on the aged .
However , some may argue that doing so may limit the country 's development .
Therefore , public spending on the aged should not be limited because the issue of an an aging population has become a major problem in the society .
Other areas of the country 's development are equally important and hence government funds should also be directed to areas such as education and health care , instead of just focusing on the aged .
Education is equally important because the young will determine the country 's development in the future since they are the ones who will lead the country .
In addition , the healthcare sector is also very important as it can help increase the standard of living of people .
Nevertheless , public spending on the aged should not be limited as some of the elderly are in need of financial aid .
Some may point out that there are increasingly more people attaining higher levels of education hence they are able to afford the increasingly expensive healthcare services .
This problem is occurring in Singapore .
Therefore , public spending on the aged should not be limited .
In addition , public spending on the aged should not be limited as people have longer life expectancy as compared to the past and as a result will face larger financial health risks .
They may not be able to afford the increasingly expensive health care services .
In Singapore , the government has come up with policies such as Medisave and Medishield to prepare people by saving a portion of their salary in these accounts .
Hence , when they are ill , they are able to use these accounts to pay for their medical bills .
In conclusion , even though the issue of an aging population is important , other areas that are essential to a country 's development can not be neglected .
Hence , public spending on the aged should not be limited. .
Therefore , public spending on the aged should not be limited .
In recent years , many countries have begun to face the issue of ageing demographics and undeniably , Singapore is one of the fastest ageing populations in Asia .
Indeed , money has to be spent to curb ageing problems , but it is society 's responsibility to ensure a desirable standard of living for the elderly and to constantly fulfill the varying needs of this group of senior citizens .
The government has to ensure that all the elderly have a permanent roof above their head even after retirement and can also finance their day-to-day living expenses .
It is important to promote preventative measures as it will mean less expenditure on taking care of people who are sick .
It is a recognized fact that education helps the young to secure a quality job in future and also prepares them with
It is certainly worthy of the public funding to build the best educational facilities and ensure that every child has the chance to receive education .
It important to make sure that education remains affordable in the country and this can be achieved through subsidies by the government .
Moreover , part of public funding should also be spent on re-training schemes for working adults so as to improve their work quality and efficiency , as well as to keep them skilled and valuable for industry .
Education will harvest long term benefits for both individuals and the country as an educated pool of citizens will definitely generate greater economic growth .
With this additional economic revenue generated , more public funding can be channeled to help the aged .
In today 's context , industry changes get obsolete very quickly .
It is important to be innovative and constantly produce new ideas in order to stay ahead of competitors and to improve a society 's performance .
For example , Research and Development in pharmaceuticals is particularly important as the creation of new drugs will help in the advancement of medical and clinical studies .
More sophisticated health care systems will in turn help to reduce medical spending on the aged and might even help the elderly to sustain good health .
Other than areas in education and Research and Development , the defence force should also have a share of the public funding .
Nothing can be achieved in a chaotic environment , thus it is important to set aside public funding to effectively build an army , the navy and the air force .
Many considerations have to be made when it comes to the topic of dividing public funding .
No doubt it is essential to take care of the elderly who have contributed much to society during their younger days , but the government must still ensure that there is enough funding on other areas of the country 's development .
Economic growth must never be sacrificed as the society as a whole must progress and achieve further advancement .
Since Neil Armstrong left the first human footprint on the moon , it has always been a dream for human beings to explore more about the outer space .
As a country possesses over five thousand years of history , China never stops seeking the outer space .
Later on 15th October 2003 , the first manned spaceship was sent to the outer space .
Moreover the Chinese government is proposing a plan that will send spaceships to the moon and build an observation station on the moon .
Currently China has become the third strongest country in terms of the space technology , only after America and Russia .
First , the development of space technology is a basic need for an economic boost .
For a country which has an area of 960million square kilometers , having enough communication satellites is the first security for information communication , which then provides a good environment for the development of the economy .
For example , until 1994 China had built 8100 telecommunications systems , 11 satellites TV broadcast systems and 30 radio broadcast systems in response to the needs of communication in the remote areas in China , such as Xinjiang , Inner Mongolia , and Yunnan ( Baidu , 2008 ) .
Currently 80 % of China is covered with communication satellites not only for TV broadcast but also for world wide webcast ( Baidu , 2008 ) .
The innovation of space technology is an indirect result of the economic development in China .
Second , the military force of China needs the support of space technology .
Most of today 's military devices need the guide of artificial satellites .
As the deterrence policy and capability to meet the new threat , China has developed several kinds of precision guided weapons and nuclear missiles ( XinHua news , 2007 ) .
In addition to the use of space technology for building military devices , the natural resources of the outer space are also important for military aims .
Generally speaking , the development of space technology is an inevitable result of the economic development and military development in China .
With the development of its economics and military forces , the space technology will develop in response to it .
When the space technology has reached a certain level , the economic and military forces will reach a higher goal .
Under such circumstances , Chinese people will finally stand on the place where Neil Armstrong once stood .
The world is changing continuously because of various kinds of inventions that have been designed and developed .
Mobile phones , bicycles and electric appliances are examples of the application of technological creativity .
In designing a product or system , one priority requirement is that the invention should be easy to operate and require less human effort .
When one accepts a new product , the first thing that comes to mind is " How to use it ? "
The next question that will appear to the mind is " What is the easiest way to operate it ? "
An invention which is easy to use is very important to help them to reduce the time consumed yet achieve greater efficiency for their work .
This helps to reduce the time consumed to find the information from thick books in the library .
An oven , which is also easy to operate , helps humans to cook food in a short time .
If the way to operate a product is complicated , humans will prefer not to use it because the time spent in operating the product is not worth to be wasted .
All the information has to be collected before going further into the process .
This step begins with generating new ideas that may solve the problem .
The solutions that are conceived need to be analyzed and decision has to be made on which solution is the most suitable for implementation .
In conclusion , inventing a product which is easy to operate is essential .
The five steps in engineering design process should be wellfollowed to produce a good product and fulfill human needs .
The development of technologies in the context of the innovation-development process may be observed from either a technologically determinist or a socially determinist perspective .
Technology determinism proposes that technology progresses along its own path , independent of social development .
Another perspective is social determinism , also known as social constructivism , which supports the view that society influences and shapes technology , and not vice versa .
One important technology which is socially determined is the mobile phone .
There are several factors that have contributed to the shaping of this technological innovation .
The first factor that has shaped the mobile phone technology is the market forces .
There are several reasons for this situation .
The demand was still there because there were those who could afford them and mobile phones were important to those who were always on the go .
Mobile phones now have many funky designs and have added features like music players , cameras and e-mail readers .
Secondly , personal communication is also one of the factors that have shaped this technology .
Keeping in touch with friends have become much easier .
Short calls help in bonding relationships as they show that the caller is concerned enough to give a call even on a busy day .
Another factor that has shaped the mobile phone technology is personal display .
With this , mobile phones have become more like a fashion accessory and trends have been created .
As we all know , Singapore is a small country with no natural resources , having humans as our only resource .
As such , we face several problems that are not encountered by other nations , like inadequate technologically inclined talents and insufficient support from citizens , resulting in adverse societal attitude towards failure .
Singapore , a country with only 4.4 million population , has not enough professionals in the field of technology and science as most technological innovations are created by scientific research ( Roger , 2003 ) .
As manpower is the fundamental element of any process , without sufficient quality manpower , the commencement of processes is already hindered .
In short , this problem will hit hard directly on the first step of innovation , 'needs/problems ' ( see Figure 1 below ) .
As the world becomes more IT savvy , Singapore needs to set her foot onto the technological industries .
The easiest way to recruit technologically inclined talents is attracting foreign professionals .
This act will effectively increase the quantity of technicians , allowing the kickoff of innovation process temporarily .
However our heavy reliance on foreign talents will put Singapore in a vulnerable position in the long run as the foreigners do not have loyalty towards Singapore .
To reduce this over- reliance , Singapore has been taking careful measures in her education system . For instance , Singapore implemented her first IT Masterplan for education ( MP1 ) in 1997 ( Keng , 2007 ) , ensuring that Singaporeans have sufficient IT skills for future endeavors .
Scarce talents in Singapore is not the only problem we face . Another crucial worry is our adverse societal attitude towards failure .
Few local citizens have the risk venturing attitude , fearing failure , as when one moves into innovation several sacrifices need to be made , for example , family , current job .
Thus this worry will affect both the Research and the Development stages , from figure 1 .
.
In conclusion , if Singapore is to survive in the high risk volatility of the global economy , more pervasive idea generation skills throughout the population ( Lambe , 2002 ) are required for innovation process to begin .
Education should focus on producing not only 'exam-smart ' students but also those who that can react flexibly with the changes and needs of the current society .
At the same time , the society should also give ample supports to those creative thinkers of our civilization .
However , we should know that for these problems to be solved , it will require long term investment and there will certainly be some problems that can not be completely unraveled .
The main cause for this phenomenon is the ineffectiveness of the current education system in Malaysia .
Upon facing new problems that they have never encountered , they will just give up and take other short-cuts instead .
That 's why the whole process of innovations tends to stop after problems or needs arise .
By chance the process might proceed to the research and development stage but that is where more and more problems and troubles will appear and try to block the way out .
Another factor that contributes to Malaysia 's failure is the policy made by the government .
In order to gain political advantages , the government or the ruling party has implemented plenty of policies to constrain the freedom of individuals in giving opinions .
Mass media in Malaysia might be seen to have a lot of freedom in reporting news and views , but the truth is that they are all being controlled behind the veil .
Wondering how all these are connected with innovations ?
If you are the government , what will you do if problems arise in your country ?
Since identifying problems is the first stage of the generation of innovation , the government is actually blocking the entire flow of innovation process .
A country ruled under such a government will certainly enjoy very limited development in terms of creativity and innovation .
As a conclusion , the government plays an important role in deciding the overall development of innovation and innovative design of a country .
But one thing is for sure - our Earth 's resources are depleting and engineers , being the problem solvers , have to come up with ideas to reduce fuel consumption and the risk of greenhouse effect and global warming .
All these harmful effects bring us to this certain human need that should be given the utmost priority - health .
To address this need , an engineering process has to be developed and this requires a methodology or a process of steps to help us arrive at the solution .
The five step process , developed by Seyyed Khandani ( 2005 ) in http : //www.iisme.org/etp/HS % 20Engineering- % 20Engineering.pdf , is essential to help reduce the amount of pollution in our atmosphere .
The problem has to be clearly defined so that researchers and engineers alike understand the problem and recognize the need for a new product or system .
The emission of harmful pollutants into the atmosphere by motorcars and factories has affected human health and this needs to be rectified .
Details such as whether the issue of global warming is real has to be consolidated before ideas , such as replacing our motorcars with hybrid cars , can be generated .
Brainstorming at this stage is often a team effort when people from different backgrounds are involved in generating multiple solutions to the problem .
Products or systems have to go under a real condition test .
Graphs and charts , and information pertaining to the testing have to be recorded and reported to understand what has been created .
Nowadays , the technology of developing alternative and renewable sources of energy is rapidly gaining popularity due to their many advantages over the traditional sources of energy .
They are the supply of traditional sources of fuels , such as coal , petroleum and natural gas , which are known as non-renewable fuels .
Biofuels are obtained from living or lifeless organisms ( T.scheper & L.Olssen , 2007 ) , and it may be in solid , liquid or gaseous forms ; plant oil , ethanol and biodiesel are all examples of biofuels .
Hydrogen fuel refers to using hydrogen gas as an energy carrier ( Gupta , 2009 ) .
Fossil fuels like coal and petroleum a large amount of carbon-based polluting agents and greenhouse gases which contribute to global warming .
Let us take ethanol as an example .
" Ethanol contains 35 % oxygen " ( Helping the Environment ) ; this high percentage of oxygen allows for a more complete combustion , thus reducing the harmful emissions .
In fact , ethanol reduces exhaust carbon monoxide and toxic emissions by 30 % ( Helping the Environment ) .
The mankind 's battle against climate change is the catalyst that has fueled the search for renewable sources of energy ; it 's one of the few positive impacts of the global catastrophe that we are heading to .
Unlike alternative fuels , fossil fuels are finite resources .
At the current rate of consumption , all the natural gas and petroleum will be used up in less than 50 years ( Tan , Chen , Sadler , & Clare , 2007 ) .
It is impossible to imagine a world without them ; this leaves us with another ethical issue to chew on : is it fair to take away the luxuries of fossil fuels for future generations ?
Due to the shortage of petroleum and the ever-increasing dependence on it , the price of crude oil will continue to go higher .
In comparison with fossil fuels , renewable fuels will be much cheaper and more stable due to their wide availability without freight cost .
Hence , affordability and market stability are other factors that propel the development of renewable resources .
Last but not least , alternative fuels do not rely on oil from the Middle East , owing to the advanced technology used to make renewable fuels . The advanced technology opens up an entire dimension of .
The technology can build a a country 's energy independence , and thus regional geo-political stability .
To conclude , not only are the renewable fuels a lot more eco-friendly , but they are also widely and cheaply available .
In addition , the technology can help governments maintain economic and political stability .
Regrettably none of the alternative sources of energy is ready to replace fossil fuels at the moment .
Nevertheless , it is crystal-clear to the world that alternative renewable fuels ' technology is the only way ahead .
After analysing the topic , I understand the main issue is about the problems and obstacles which slow down engineering design processes for innovations , and the place I will discuss about is my own country China .
I should be able to interpret two significant problems and analyse their influences on certain stages of the process .
First of all , in my opinion , the hugest problem throughout all the innovations is lack of certain resources , raw materials , some necessary tools and high-tech devices or equipments .
The next significant one is that the Chinese government used to be unstable and provide bad leadership such that some big loss was caused to the industry .
There are some other problems such as lack of help from some developed countries , lack of engineers with brilliant knowledge and conflicts between conventional Chinese culture and western cultures in terms of some certain designs which are not so essential , so these problems are not discussed in this essay .
I will examine innovative engineering designs in the following industries in China : :
As the aviation industry is a significant symbol of a country 's strength and a vital sign of the level of a country 's industrialization , I would like to look further into this industry .
Do you know when China made its first aircraft ?
The first aircraft that was made all by China was on 30 July 1923 , 26 years before China became independent .
However , things have not always been going well .
In the first place , it is quite a challenge for China to set up its factories to produce planes on a rather big scale because of lack of resources and equipments ; then frequent changes of governments emerged and pulled back the entire industry dramatically .
In the early 1910s , the government of China started to prepare for setting up aircraft factories .
However , till 1949 , there were only over a dozen small factories with shabby devices and few planes were produced .
Worse , the necessary raw materials , tools , accessories and advanced equipments were all dependent on imports from other countries , let alone setting up an independent aircraft manufacturing system .
The problem really adversely affected the aviation industry for a while .
After China got independent , under the special care and proper guidance of Chairman Mao and some other leaders of China , the aviation industry started to enjoy a pleasant time .
The government spent a lot of money sending engineers to study advanced technologies and importing experts from abroad ; the other various industries of China have all given a great support to the aviation industry , especially by providing resources and funds .
In a few years ' time , China 's aviation industry grew from small to rather large and became able to produce aircrafts of many kinds .
As the pleasant time moved on , in 1953 China was able to make its first five year plan for its aviation industry .
The government guaranteed a lot of labour , materials and funds for the industry and the engineers and workers showed much initiative and creativity in work .
However , after the great success of the first five year plan , in 1958 a dim and chaotic period of governance arrived .
A three year period of " The Great Leap Forward " took place .
The government began to think that the industries of China had already been developed so well that the government started to require the industries to pursue higher quality , huger plans and greater speed of construction blindly , which in turn led to many serious quality problems .
Worse , taking advantage of this , reactionaries inside the government planed some sabotage in order to achieve their own goals .
As a consequence , a huge loss was caused to the whole industry .
Fortunately , people started to realize how wrong the leadership was and crushed the reactionaries .
The aviation industry started to stick to a solid and standard guideline when producing aircrafts and production gradually recovered .
Finally , we could say that the process of aircraft innovation was quite tortuous .
The lack of resources and equipments in the first place cost China a few decades . Then the whole industry went on well for several years as many aircrafts were produced ; however the government started to give wrong guidance and became unstable and caused a huge damage to the industry .
Looking back at the whole process , two serious problems came about and hit the industry so hard .
However , they were all resolved through proper guidance and much effort .
One such important technology is the wireless communications technology .
All over the world we see that there are many devices that use this technology .
For example , the remote controllers which help us to open and close our auto-gates and switch on or off our televisions , lightings , security alarm systems of our cars and homes use the wireless communication technology .
Besides these , other examples that use this technology are devices that use the Bluetooth , Wi-Fi , Wi-Max , wireless LAN , mobile phones , etc. Life would not have been as easy and as enjoyable without these devices .
Thanks to the many inventors , researchers , developers and governmental agencies , these products have been made available to the general public .
The evolution of this technology is somewhat driven by social needs .
Today , because of the growing demand of high-speed broadband internet connections , in areas where cabling can not be run such as outdoors and historical buildings the use of Wi-Fi is a good solution .
For example , in the United States it is governed by the Federal Communications Commission ( FCC ) , in Singapore by the Info-Communications Development Authorities of Singapore and in Malaysia by the Malaysian Communications & Multimedia Commission .
For example , in 1985 [ 2 ] , a decision by the FCC of the United States to open several bands of wireless spectrum , so-called " garbage bands " ( 900 - 928 MHz , 2400 - 2483.5 MHz , 5725 - 5850 MHz bands ) without the need for government license has spawned growth in R&D in that area .
Due to this decision many " unlicensed " wireless technology products for communication purposes were developed , such as the Bluetooth , Wi-Fi , Wi-Max applications which use the spectrum of the garbage band .
Unlicensed wireless devices are devices that emit low power radio frequency energy without specific devices or user authorization through either registration or grant of a license .
This policy has great economic significance .
The chain effect is that it encourages innovation to develop new communication products which help to fill consumers ' needs , which in turn helps to generate jobs in the manufacturing of these products , the transportation of these products to various countries around the globe and finally the marketing of these products to the end consumers .
" Need " here refers to a desire or shortage of a commodity , and sometimes this " need " can be considered as a neccessity or a form of luxury .
For example , Tetsuya Mizoguchi , an engineer from Toshiba Corporation , saw the need for portable personal computers and came up with the idea of laptop ; and as of recently , one of the human needs that have gained unremitting attention would be transportation .
As the struggle between man and nature continues to be unabated , it is the engineers ' job to design cars that are environmental-friendly to mitigate what has already been done to our environment .
The process of defining a problem involves identifying a need , developing a problem statement and establishing a criterion for success .
It must be clear , concise and unambiguous to avoid any ambiguity .
Creativity is one of the biggest emphases in this step in order to generate techincal solutions to the problem .
Engineers must also be willing to take risks and make mistakes , and not to be afraid of being criticized for their ideas .
Analysis of all possible solutions is to be done and reasons of why the final solution overrides the others must be clear .
In the design of environmental-friendly cars , it must be in such a way that the designed car would be less polluting than the existing ones , coupled with lower price and better performance .
Greenhouse emissions must be reduced to the lowest level as much as possible .
" exclaimed Archimedes , A Greek mathematician and physicist , when he noticed water flowing out of his bath tub as he submerged himself into the tub .
Despite their differences in definition , a research technology and a serendipitous technology both share a similarity : the technology is ultimately used to tackle the problems of Man .
However , despite their similarity in resolving problems of Man , the two technologies also share one difference : the process in which it was discovered .
Throughout history , we mankind have always sought to improve the quality of our lives .
Singapore has no other natural resources ; hence , our most urgent need will be to find a reliable source of sustainable energy .
According to Khandani ( 2005 ) , the design process consists of five main parts : Defining the problem , gathering required information , generating multiple solutions , selecting a solution and testing the solution .
Wind energy requires a vast open area to place the windmills , but Singapore does not have such space to spare .
The infrastructure required is much simpler , as only the solar panels and necessary wirings are needed .
The majority of housing in Singapore are HDB flats , and these flats add up to form a considerable amount of land area .
This scheme is highly probable because the government has control over a large number of HDB flats , which constitutes a large land area .
To design a environmentally-friendly product
Since the 19th century , the environment has been polluted because of the fast development of industries and economics .
Nowadays , the pollution is very severe and has threatened living conditions of human beings .
To have environmentally-friendly products is a human need that has to be given priority , so that the products people use wo n't be harmful to neither the environment nor the health of people .
To define the problem , three main needs can be identified : firstly , design products that can minimize the pollution during manufacturing .
Secondly , design products using environmentally-friendly material and consuming green energy .
Thirdly , design products which minimize emission pollution .
And one of the criteria for the success of the product is whether the product is environmentally friendly .
According to Khandani ( 2005 ) , traditional publications , libraries and internet are major sources to find out the information needed .
Since our problem is very academic and needs in-depth search , journals and books should be the main sources to consult .
Besides , our problem has three aspects , which are diverse , so we need to focus on aspects that are well developed .
Then it is time to generate multiple solutions for the problems .
To analyze those design solutions , a lot of factors need to be considered .
Functional analysis , ergonomics , product safety and liability are all important elements to evaluate those solutions .
To compare one solution with another , ranking according to the attributes of a solution is necessary for us to see which one is the best ; in our case , being environmentally friendly should be the major criterion .
At last , choose the highest ranked one for the next process .
Methods such as prototyping and concurrent engineering can be applied for implementation , and we need to know how effective the product is regarding its environmentally friendly features .
In that case , we need to repeat the design processes to solve the problems .
To sum up , the design processes can help to solve the problem we have effectively , since in each step we do our job based on the problem we want to solve and on how efficient we are in solving the problem .
New and clever technologies are constantly being developed by people all around the world to tackle problems that they face .
One of them is that they both exist to address problems that people are facing at that time of creation , but differ in the process in developing develop the product .
Another is that both types of technology require people to ultilise a certain amount of creativity and good peception to develop them completely but differ when it comes to the type of people the technologies usually involve .
Teflon , for example , is being used in a variety of products as anti-stick or anti-stain coatings .
Cooking utensils coated with Teflon are now easier to clean up since burnt food no longer stick to it .
Clothes coated in a variety of Telfon became stain resistant , which means less chance of it becoming damaged permanently by tough stains and an easier time washing the dirt off the clothes .
This problem is the space constraint due to small living space .
By being foldable , space could be made available for use where the bed would have been .
Ultimately , both technologies are beneficial to the human population .
The two ways of developing technologies use different processes .
The development of murphy bed , for example , is driven largely by the problem it was trying to solve .
This results in a process where identifying the problem comes first , after which time and effort are put in to solve that one problem .
However , Telfon has seen itself being used as coatings to cloth , coating on cookware , insulations and even as stenotic arteries in medicine .
One reason for this versatility is that the brainstorming is now focused on the various problems where Telfon could be used to solve to great effect .
With a large pool of possible uses for Telfon gathered , the next step would be to modify this new technology so that it may be used for as many problems as possible .
By observing this , it could be possible that people would combine some of the key aspects of the processes to create a better model for developing new technology .
Therefore , as we humans are running out of energy we can make use of , providing sustainable , green and reliable energy has been crucial for the survival of the whole human society .
Before setting out for possible solutions for our energy problem , rigorously defining the problem itself is indeed necessary so that we can make sure that we are always in the right direction and know what properties the right solutions should possess .
" An energy crisis is the shortage of energy accompanied by the fact that now we can not find enough reliable energy as substitute , " a definition of energy crisis given by Prof. McLaren Hill from the University of Edinburgh .
Such solutions contain hydro and solar energy generation .
But whatever the result might be , we must apply scientific methods in every stage , from building a prototype to conducting concurrent engineering , from planning to maintenance .
Technologies have been developed since long ago ; however , not all of them are planned .
There are many pathways that lead to a technology being created , mainly through serendipitous discovery or through research .
While most of the events appear to be non-significant , there are some where people actually get ideas from them .
This is what we call serendipitous discovery , when people make discoveries that they did not seek .
One of the examples of technology being discovered from research is the development in automobile safety and a better design of roads in the United States ( U.S. ) while an example of technology resulted from serendipitous discovery is the Post-it pads .
The technology created via research has significant differences from the technology resulted from serendipitous discovery in several aspects .
One of the major differences is whether there is a need for the technology .
In this case , the development in automobile safety and a better design of roads in U.S. is to reduce the massive casualties from road accidents where the annual vehicle death rate reached 50,000 in the early 1960s ( statistics taken from Rogers , E. M. ( 2003 ) .
Decades ago , the 3M researchers found a new bonding agent during their research but it was not what they had wanted to achieve as the bonding agent did not stick paper very tightly to the surface .
Therefore , it can be said that technologies created from research are due to a need for them while technologies created from serendipitous discovery do not originate from a need .
Technologies developed through research are used for their intended purpose .
However , technologies developed from serendipitous discovery are not used for their intended purpose .
The bonding agent was initially thought as a failure as it did not meet the expectation of the researchers,which was to stick tightly to the surface of paper .
However , it is later converted into a successful product when it is used to create " Post-its , " the little stick- on squares of colored paper that can be used to attach a note to a letter or other documents , which is not the intended purpose of this technology .
In a nutshell , technologies created from research will be used for their intended aim while technologies developed from serendipitous discovery might not serve its intended purpose .
Lastly , one final difference between the 2 lies in the background research .
This is proven just by looking at the amount of research needed before measures are to developed a safer automobile as well as better design of highways .
There is no background research needed for these technologies , as they are created out of pure coincidence .
With reference to Post-it pads , they were created without any background research .
Hence , it can be said that there is background research for technologies originated from research while there might not be any background research for technologies created from serendipitous discovery .
Despite the differences between the ways by which the technologies are created , they help to improve the life of mankind be it through convenience or through any other means .
In conclusion , there are significant differences between technologies developed from research and serendipitous discovery ; however , these differences does not change the fact that both technologies are key to the future for mankind .
The development and advancement in science and technology has brought much convenience to the human society today .
Technology is something which is created to help solving the problems we face in our daily life and at the same time , improve the quality of our life .
Generally , most of the technological innovations are created through basic research , followed by applied research , leading finally to development .
The differences between these two types of technological inventions can be perceived in terms of their research backgrounds , cost of the invention of the technology , and time consumption .
Technology developed via research and technology resulted from a serendipitous discovery have different research backgrounds .
Technology based on scientific research requires a wide range of knowledge to conduct the research .
Special skills are also needed to carry out certain experiments and to record the results and data of the experiments .
For example , to create a miniaturized medical submarine which can be injected into human bodies to destroy the blood clot that threatens a human life , there are many technical problems to overcome , such as how to make , power and steer the medical submarine .
The technology based on research and the technology created by serendipitous discovery require different amounts of cost to be carried out .
For technology based on research , a large amount of money is needed to purchase materials that are essential for the research and investigations to be conducted .
Moreover , specific apparatus , for instance , machines and robots , which are usually expensive , are also needed in order to carry out certain experiments .
Apart from that , time consumption for the technology based on research is much different from that for the technology created by serendipitous discovery .
In order to carry out extensive research and analysis , much time has to be spent for the technology to be successfully invented .
For instance , Thomas Edison had spent his whole life to invent a light bulb with almost tens of thousands of failures before he succeeded .
For technology created from serendipitous discovery , less time is as it comes out unexpectedly .
One popular example is penicillin , which turned out to be the first antibiotic because of its property of killing biological materials when it was left in Petri dishes containing biological organisms .
To sum up the salient points , technology created via research requires more researches and investigations than technology resulted from a serendipitous discovery .
Besides , cost of creating a technology via research is much higher as compared to that of technology resulted from a serendipitous discovery .
Technology based on scientific research consumes more time than technology resulted from a serendipitous discovery as many researches and experiments need to be carried out .
Although all technology serves a common purpose , there are many differences between inventions resulted from research and those resulted from serendipitous discoveries .
Looking at an example of invention that resulted from research - the laptop and an example of serendipitous discovery - the implantable pacemaker , a few distinct differences such as the cause leading to the research , final usage of the technology and the research procedures can be spotted between them .
Firstly , the most distinct difference between an implantable pacemaker and a laptop is the intentions which led to their discovery .
In the case of the laptop , the inventors of the laptop started with the intention of creating a " DynaBook , " which is a concept conceived in 1968 .
Therefore , it is obvious that the cause which led to the invention is very different in that in the case of the laptop , , it was already intended before its creation whereas in the case of the implantable pacemaker , its creation was never intended .
In the case of the laptop , the final usages are what the laptop was intended for during its conceptualisation stage .
However , in the case of the pacemaker , the final usage is not what it was intended to be .
It was intended to be a machine to record the sound of the heartbeats but ended up as a device to stimulate the heart and to serve as a cure for certain heart problems .
As shown above , in the case of most serendipity discoveries , they will normally not be used for the initial purpose of the experiment that led to its discovery whereas in the case of an invention through research , it will be the used for its intended purposes .
Lastly , the pace of advancement that led to the invention of the laptop and that of the pacemaker is different too .
The experiment that led to the discovery of the implantable pace maker was done in 1958 and within months of its discovery the first implantable pacemaker was being used on a human being .
However , for the laptop , its concept was developed in 1968 and the first " laptop " only came into existence in 1975 .
Despite all the differences , there are undeniably some similarities between serendipitous discoveries and discoveries made through conventional research methods .
In both examples , regardless of their methods of discoveries , both are beneficial to mankind and help to improve the quality of life .
The laptop has simplified human work whereas the pacemaker has helped prolong life of some stricken with life threatening diseases .
In conclusion , though there are many differences between the discovery of the laptop and that of the pacemaker shown above , they both help to propel the human race forward into the future .
The first step in the engineering design process is to identify the problems that our product will face .
The most convenient way to collect the appropriate information is through the use of internet , as there are always search engines available to help get our sources more accurately and quickly .
Through more brainstorming within our group , we would arrive at more solutions .
The best solution would be chosen from the few ideas that we have thought of during the " generating multiple problems " process .
We should come out with a series of tests to prove whether the products work in real life environments .
Even if one of the tests fails , we could apply the engineering design process to solve the problems that have emerged in the process of the testing .
In this long time period , technology has developed together with the human society .
Technology has been developed in different ways .
Technology developed via research and technology resulted from a serendipitous discovery differ in some aspects but are similar in some other aspects .
The process for the development of technology developed via research is very systematic with a very clear target .
They do not have the target but they finally stumble upon some new technology .
These inputs include time , effort , fund , and so on .
Unlike technologies developed via research , technologies resulted from serendipity need almost zero input .
This kind of technology is just like a gift from God .
Scientists need such luck to get this God 's gift .
So , these two kinds of technology need different inputs .
They develop certain technology which satisfies certain consumer domains ; in comparison , scientists usually do not know the use and the specific consumer domains when they accidentally discover a technology .
They help make our life easier and more comfortable , thus improving our living standard .
Even though these two kinds of technology are developed in different ways , they both can benefit the society and our daily life .
This can be done by considering the environmental friendliness of inventions as one of its major factors in the five steps of engineering design process , which are as follows : Defining the problem , gathering information , generating solutions , analysing and selecting a solution and implementing the solution .
It sets out the whole purpose of the process in the right direction .
For example , eco-friendly gym equipment today are able to harness the energy generated during its use to power the machine itself .
Moreover , new inventions should not be the only products with a " green " factor as old inventions can be re-designed in order to achieve the " green " status .
It also allows them to consider existing solutions , if any , and consider various factors which will determine the success of the product such as its economic viability and its effectiveness .
Thus , solutions generated from these ideas should be able to resolve the problems identified as well as conform to the requirements of the society .
Moreover , not only should the product solve the initial problem , it should also meet the society 's demand in terms of usability , ergonomics and economical concerns .
Each problem is different and unique ; thus , they would have different factors to consider for analysis .
Every design is rated based on the consideration of various factors such as functionality , ergonomics , mechanics , manufacturability , safety , cost-effectiveness and compliance with regulations .
( Khandani , 2005 ) The solutions would then be rated according to different criteria corresponding to the analysis and the best would then be selected .
After functionality , safety is another area of concern .
In conclusion , engineering design process is a general process through which ideas can be generated to resolve current issues .
Engineering design process is able to address this issue by encompassing and focusing on the element of environmental friendliness for every invention .
Technological developments are divided into two different categories : the conventional method of developing technology through research or the unusual method of developing technology through serendipitous discovery .
The two technological innovations discussed would be the Laptop Computer and Sildenafil ( Viagra ) .
Though they are on the opposite spectrum in terms of the field of technology , both have similarities in their own way .
One difference , aside from their uses , is the manner in which they were developed .
The development of the laptop in Toshiba took on a systematic and direct approach towards an apparent goal : to reduce the size of a personal computer so it would be compact enough and portable .
Yet , aside from being products of different fields , both technologies were able to be commercialized into products successfully .
( Keith A 2000 ) The laptop was a radically different innovation then ; nevertheless , it was marketed furiously and soon had majority market shares in Europe , United States and Japan ( Rogers 2003 ) .
Another similarity between the two technologies was that they had competitors .
Offices in Japan are crowded and homes are small with no space to install a desktop , giving rise to a need for smaller personal computers .
The problem of male erectile dysfunction was solved by the innovative development of Viagra , though it was a 'coincidence ' that the compound Sildenafil causes penile erection .
The number of cars on the road keep on increasing year by year and so does the pollution that arises from it .
As stated by Khandani in " Engineering Design Process , 2005 " , consumers are the one that ultimately establishes the need for a product .
This includes brainstorming sessions to find new alternative fuels and designing a new engine that can run on such fuels .
Engineers also need to make comparison between the latest hybrid cars such as electric cars , hydrogen fuel cell cars and solar powered cars to see which one is more efficient and suitable .
Willingness to take risks and experiment with new alternative fuels is also important so that more creative ideas can be generated .
Lastly , after going through rigorously analyzing and selecting the final design , we need to make a prototype of the hybrid car and test its overall function in real world situations .
This will reveal the weaknesses in the design ; hence the engineers can improve on it .
Creative engineering design can produce a paradigm shift for people to start using environmentally friendly cars due to all their positive advantages .
However , in the process of looking for new energy source to take place of coal and oil , a more urgent problem of the energy system has been neglected -- the storage of the energy .
Ironically , compared with the primary energy carriers , the battery is far less popular and is only used in some specific fields .
The process can be divided into three parts , defining the problems , finding the solutions and selling the new products .
The birth of the battery can be traced back to several hundreds years ago , but it failed to dominate the energy carrier market because of its two obvious weaknesses , which can not be improved easily .
It can only be used in some trivial electric devices such as mp3 players .
The second weakness of battery is its charge time : compared to the refueling of the fossil fuel , the battery charge takes too much time .
These two elements together impede the battery to be an instant energy carrier , and finally lead to today 's situation of energy carrier market .
To enhance the capacity of the battery , keeping trying new materials is important .
Since the new battery is designed to be used in the big machines to replace engines , the capacity will have the priority .
The popularization of battery is not isolated ; as an energy carrier , it should go together with the innovation of electrical cars and other engineering products to form an industry chain .
The chain will also include the battery charge station , which will replace the refueling station with the popularization of battery .
To sum up , the engineering design process can be a good way to innovate a new generation of battery .
A process that includes defining , solving and selling will build a whole industry chain around the new batteries , and finally meet the energy carrier need of the society .
In cities around the world , a large amount of energy is consumed by electrical appliances every day .
By designing better electrical appliances that could perform the same function with less energy used , we could save a large amount of energy .
With less energy used , costs of living are reduced and the economy would improve with more people having more money to spend .
Another way to improve the economy would be through the designing of new forms of energy sources .
As the natural resources are depleting , the price of using it as source of energy is becoming increasingly high .
Therefore , through the discovery of new forms of convenient and renewable energy , the price of energy could be more stable .
A more stable price reduces the chance of a big change that could lead to economy problems .
To sum up , a stable and better economy is the current human need that should be given priority to .
With a population of 1.15 billion , a total area of 3.2 million square kilometers , twenty eight states , seven union territories , diversity in culture and around a hundred different languages , India has certain significant problems in the hampering of engineering design processes for innovations .
Though engineering design is considerably well established in the country , some practical problems unclear meaning .
Having a literacy rate of 61 percent , it is quite difficult to introduce new technological innovations , as not all the people in the country would understand and know how to utilize a product well .
This is because the job opportunities are better in foreign countries in comparison with those in India .
Problems such as the second highest population , vast size , low literacy rate and 'Brain Drain ' have made it difficult for India to take a step towards technological innovations in the field of engineering design .
Right from education every other field in India is flooded with corrupt officials who primarily work with a self centered mindset to misappropriate and amass a huge amount of money .
These individuals are indifferent to the fact that the majority of India 's population is below the poverty line .
This multi faceted economic problem becomes the main hindrance to India 's technological development and is the mother of all other social and political problems that India faces .
The 5 stages are sequential , which means that an interruption in any of the 5 steps can hamper the engineering design process .
In Malaysia , engineering design processes for innovation have not been evolving as much as the government would them to .
The problems that contribute to this are that there are not many quality engineers left in Malaysia and because of the local society 's mindset .
The value of the ringgit is rather low so engineers tend to favor working overseas as there , the salary is higher and the working environment is much better .
For example , Malaysians who study in Singapore are required to sign a bond which ties them to work in Singapore for a few years .
After working in Singapore , most of them will not return to work in Malaysia as the pay in Singapore is almost double compared to the pay in Malaysia .
In addition , the engineers produced in local universities are not able to fill the gap left by the engineers who leave the country .
They are not willing to take new risks in terms of design innovation .
Malaysians are easily contented and refuse to improve on existing innovations and technologies .
Malaysians are also uncooperative in their work .
Furthermore , they are not willing to seek help from foreign countries and contract most of the work to unqualified local companies .
The problems listed above can have an impact on all or one of the 5 stages of the engineering design process .
First and foremost , the conventional thinking of Malaysians can affect the first stage of the process of defining the problem .
We need to work together with other nations to tackle a problem because other countries may have different views of a problem .
Most significantly , because of the insufficient number of engineers in the country , we are just not able to get enough manpower to accomplish the design process .
In conclusion , the progress of engineering design is being disrupted by the mindset of the local society and the lack of engineers .
As the rest of the world continues to improve technologically , we can only advance at a slower pace .
There is a need for an attitude change in both the government and the society .
They should consider helping to improve the level of design innovation in the country so that we can compete globally .
Incredible as it seems in such a resource-rich earth , the energy crisis has become one problem .
As Tennessee Valley Authority disclosed , the normal 60-day store of coal now can only supply ten to twelve days ( Business : The Energy shortage worsens , 1997 ) .
This means that our resources can not meet our increasing demand .
However , there are some concerns about it , such as security , costs and performance , which have limited the popularization of this promising substitute .
In order to resolve these problems , a new generation of nuclear energy system which is called the Fourth Generation reactors is undergoing tests .
One of the six approaches , named supercritical-water-cooled reactor , can give us the solution to meeting future energy needs with further research .
Supercritical-water-cooled reactors ( SCWRs ) share the benefits of Generation IV and some further benefits compared with other kinds of reactors . SCWRs may also resolve some concerns about safety and cost with some further development .
The SCWR as one of the six reactor concepts for Generation IV nuclear fuel shares the same advantage with all other reactors and some further advantages compared with other reactors .
Sustainable means that the system should generate power by some natural fuel , while at the same time minimizing its environmental impact .
Being viable means that the generating cost should be competitive with other energy resources , while the capital investment should also be low enough to allow access to a large number of countries .
'Safe and reliable ' mainly emphasizes that the future reactors should perform better or at least as well in terms of the safety and reliability as current ones .
The focus is to decrease the emission of radiation and ensure the safety of civilians once an accident happens .
Compared with other reactors , the SCWR is advanced as its higher thermal efficiency ( about 45 % versus 33 % for the ? ) and simple plant
( Nuclear Power Energy , 2002 ) . The SCWR is effective because only one cycle is involved .
Furthermore , the SCWR does not require steam separator plates , heat exchangers nor turbines compared with the ?
( Tilkki V. Supercritical Water Reactors : A Survey on International State of Research in 2006 , 2006 ) . the simple design reduces the construction cost of the nuclear electrical station .
Moreover , the coolant of the SCWR is water which is cheaper compared with the coolants used in other kinds of reactors .
Although the SCWR has many benefits , two main concerns about the cost and safety limit the population of this reactor .
Opponents may argue that the cost of nuclear energy is not equivalent to what we pay for it .
This means that the electrical power which is generated by nuclear stations is very costly .
For the operating cost , the cost of producing electricity has decreased from 3.63 cents per KWHr to 1.68 cents since 1987 .
In the USA , the nuclear power operators are charged 0.1 cents per KW-Hr for the disposal of nuclear waste and the average decommissioning cost is $ 300 million .
In fact , these costs are all affordable compared with other kinds of energy generation methods .
The main cost is the construction cost which may vary from 1 billion to 5 billion ( such as the station on , Long Island , 1985 ) dollars .
Nowadays , the in China .
But the new can promise a cost of $ 1000 per KW construction cost and only take 3 years to construct
( Everything you want to know about Nuclear Power , n.d. ) . Thus , in the future , the nuclear electricity may share the same price as other fossil resource electricity .
some doubt the safety of the SCWR .
Their worries are based on the accidents that have before .
For instance , during the short period of just 3 years from 1989 to 1992 , there are more than ten accidents which occurred in India , USA and Japan ( Calendar of Nuclear Accidents , 2004 ) .
All of these incidents tell us that nuclear power is really dangerous .
Some processes for the SCWR can not be safely achieved with present technology , but scientists are really working hard on them and some breakthroughs have been made .
Thus , .
To conclude , we can see that the SCWR is a sustainable , economically viable , safe and reliable approach .
If all its disadvantages can be overcome , we will have got a suitable replacement for fossil resources .
Not only does design entail a magnificent facade or the strange opinion of a maverick , but it also involves pragmatism , cost and efficiency .
All these requirements are fully met by those who are well educated .
However , while there is a highly increasing demand for engineers with acuity of design , even in the education system of my own country , there are two major setbacks for engineering students getting adequate design skills : the lack of practice in school and the insufficiency of co-curricular activities .
Although the curriculum has been continually improved to gradually reduce the use of conventional teaching methods , .
The reason is that the acquisition of new equipment needed for experiments is not in tandem with the changing of textbooks .
Only in the urban areas can students have opportunities to get access to the required equipment .
For students in other places , they can only see the teacher do a sample experiment in the lecture but can not try the experiments themselves .
According to the Labor Newspaper , in Hung Yen , a southern province of Viet Nam , there are thousands of students studying without sufficient lab equipment due to the delay in purchasing new equipment and due to corruption .
In these regions , another factor that breaks the camel 's back is the exodus of young lab teachers to cities where they can have a conducive environment to develop their own career and earn a better living .
The residue of this migration is an old generation of teachers who are not very familiar with modern devices in labs .
Consequently , students do not have the chance to gain the priceless pragmatic experience of how to design .
This can be accounted for by the fact that there are few organizations in almost all schools .
There was , in fact , only one organization , namely the Youth Union , in my secondary school .
Though activities held by the above organizations ranged from learning history to acquiring leadership , not many students benefited from them .
That is due to the fact that the number of participants for one activity just covered a small portion of all the students in school .
Moreover , since co-curricular activities are not compulsory in our country , and the studying in other learning centers takes up almost all the time of students , students tend to drop co-curricular activities in school .
The Youth Newspaper recorded a New Zealand professor saying that Vietnamese students spend so much time on gaining academic knowledge that co-curricular activities have become a luxury .
The two aforementioned issues leave engineering students .
For one thing , students who are not used to doing lab research usually have just a vague idea of what should be done .
For them , the first step of the design process seems to be far away as they can not define the problems completely since " people have a natural tendency to attack the current solution to a problem rather than the problem itself " ( Khandani , S. , Engineering design process , page 8 ) .
As a result , the rest of the process can be ruined because of the first steps ; for example , if the problem statement is not broad enough , the statement will preclude new thoughts on the issue .
it is arduous to undo the whole process , these novice engineers have to accept low-quality products and , consistently , low profit .
Another thing is that without experiments in co-curricular activities , fledgling engineers can not fulfill the second and the third steps : collecting pertinent information and generating multiple solutions .
This is because they lack confidence in communicating with other colleagues to gather information as well as learning experience , so they can hardly find out the most information .
Co-curricular activities also help engineering students develop creativity and imagination to come up with many answers to a single question .
If students do not actively join various activities , they will be prone to solely apply rules and theory in school to work .
Losing creativity and imagination means that they are losing their advantage in .
However , with efforts to reform the education , I optimistically believe that we can overcome these obstacles to be competitive engineers in the global market .
In Singapore , there are problems that hamper engineering design processes for innovation .
These problems may impact the market resulting in consequences such as the unavailability of new products , poor design outcome and changing mindsets of potential designers .
First , there is a lack of creativity .
In Singapore , a number of us are of the lazy type , which means we are lazy to design .
Moreover , there are some that are shy to speak up about their ideas .
Another problem would be individuals with fixed mindsets , thinking that designing is not a good path to take .
For example , in Marcelo Ang 's ( 2009 ) talk , he mentioned that it is always the mental block of an individual that makes everyone think of not going for designing .
Hence there is a need to remove that mental block , so that individuals will have the opportunity to design and invent what they desire .
This mindset may cause the market to lose good designers , who could potentially help boost the design industry .
Without people designing new products , there will be no new products in the market .
This in turn will cause the market to suffer . In the article " Designing engineers to change the world " , Chan ( 2009 ) mentioned that market users always demand new products which they are fascinated with .
Second , is due to the time taken to create a full design product .
A design process is not the outcome of one night 's work .
These included tests on humans to confirm that Newater was fit for drinking before it was produced for public consumption .
They took more than a year to complete .
leads to other effects and impacts the market .
People tend to go for simpler designs , because of the long time required to create a proper full design .
The reason is that a simple design is much easier to design and time required to produce such a design would be much less .
This results in poor designs being produced in the market .
Hence market users will not be tempted to buy the product , which would cause sales and the market to be low .
Additionally , this also leads to lost income for designers as they might not earn their production cost back .
Eventually potential designers would have second thoughts and step out of designing .
In conclusion , the lack of creativity and the time to create a design could cause impacts on the market in Singapore .
These problems that may hamper engineering design would impact the market causing the unavailability of new products , designers taking shortcuts in design and designers ' mindsets about design .
In addition , this would lead to a market downturn .
It 's hard to change it once it 's fixed .
I believe that if an individual takes up the courage to change , and design a proper design , it would resolve the problems that are hampering the design process for innovation .
If we were n't always greedy for more , just imagine how different the world would have been .
Just an hour without electricity would make life intolerable for everyone .
The boom of innovation and technology in the past few decades has been tremendous .
However , the standard of research and innovation in every country varies to a great deal .
This is influenced by the different prevailing social and economic atmospheres .
The first thing that comes to one 's mind when one reads about India is its vast size and a whopping population of over 1.1 billion ( Population Council , 2009 ) .With such a vast population , the onus on the government to ensure the welfare of the people is tremendous .
With India being a democratic country , the major revenue for the government is taxes paid by the people .
With the standard of living not being quite high , the revenue earned by the government is also quite limited .
Therefore , the amount of money the government can afford to spend on research projects is quite little compared to other countries .
One of the major responsibilities of the government of any country is providing quality education to the nation 's children .
These children then end up in manual labour .
These children may one day have turned into great thinkers and scientists ,but due to the lack of proper facilities , they drop out of school .
It is no wonder that India lags behind in technological innovations and research .
However , in the cities , the quality of education is world class .
Some of them leave the country in search of better prospects in the developed countries .
The chance of earning huge sums of money and of obtaining a quality lifestyle makes them leave their country as though they are leaving their house to take a leisurely stroll .
With the government spending huge sums of money on them and these people not even repaying the government by working here and paying taxes here , their departure is a huge blow for the government .
With such highly educated individuals leaving the country , the scope for leading research becomes quite limited .
Another factor is that a lot of the developed countries attract foreign talent .
With all these factors playing a role , the engineering design and innovation in India is significantly hampered .
Steps have been taken to minimise the effects of these factors , but there is still a long way to go to see all these factors vanishing altogether .
Innovation engineering has been a commonly recurrent phrase in the industries in the recent years .
The process of concept generation , product testing and product implementation requires a lot of resources .
In the Singapore society which is relatively result orientated , people tend to be afraid to try out new ideas as they are afraid they will lose out to the intense competition they face from others .
Hence , engineers would rather stick to tried and proven methods that are seen to be effective , instead of exploring alternative methods .
Without having gone through failures , new and better processes would not be properly developed , and thus optimisation would not be achieved .
Due to this problem , fresh ideas would not even have a chance to be developed , not to say move towards the implementation of the idea .
has gradually developed into an inflexible culture , where our workers choose to stick to current beliefs rather than try out new ideas .
Generating new concepts does not just require a single day of effort , as people believe , but instead requires a longer thought process which may take days or even months .
This has given rise to various government bodies efficient in international operating and manufacturing standards .
Innovative engineering requires the engineer to venture into areas which have yet to be explored , which makes experience even more vital , as it would allow problems to be identified even before they occur .
Such problems would most probably not have been explored by current engineers .
As the third biggest country with the largest population in the world , China still faces some unavoidable problems of engineering design processes for innovations .
Two major problems among these are : the low acceptance of engineering design and the complex procedures of verification for licensing for engineering projects .
The majority of Chinese citizens only receive junior middle school or primary school education as a result of the large population and the developing economy .
Therefore , it is not hard to understand the lack of knowledge on engineering design which results in the low acceptance of engineering design .
Except in flourishing cities such as Shanghai and Beijing , in most parts of China , people seldom hear of engineering design , not to mention understand it .
People do not know how to make use of new technologies and new products so it is easy to imagine the situation where engineering design processes for innovations receive not much or little support from the Chinese government and people .
Sometimes engineering design may interfere with some persons'interests in the short term .
For example , when a kind of new technology is being marketed , perhaps some people who earn a living by the old technology or products like hand embroidery will suffer market competition and even make huge losses .
Without the proper understanding , most people would object to engineering design , not to say support it .
There is no doubt about the trouble caused by such a perspective to engineering projects .
Another serious problem for engineering design is the complex verification procedures for licensing for engineering projects due to the incomplete law system .
In most cases , it costs quite a lot for project managers to get the licence for an engineering project , not just money and time , .
In China , interpersonal relationships are still one of the most important factors necessary to survive successfully in a complex society like China and one has to put in much effort to establish and maintain interpersonal relationships .
Taking into account all of the above elements , there is no wonder high cost in terms of time and labour is required to obtain a licence for an engineering project .
This does not just waste a lot of time in the case of an innovation project , but also .
All the above problems are related to people 's attitudes towards engineering design and the political situation for engineering innovations , implying the difficulties in improving engineering design .
Even though it is a journey of hardships for Chinese innovations in the field of engineering design , which is really suffering quite a lot at the moment , the future for Chinese engineering innovations is still bright with the government striving to achieve the goal for a healthy environment of engineering supervision .
In some countries , nuclear energy plays an important role in power production .
Currently , " nuclear energy supplies about 80 % and 30 % of the electricity in France and Japan respectively " ( ) .
However , these powerful weapons were not within scientists ' imagination of how nuclear energy would be utilised .
Scientists probably had intended to use nuclear energy for peaceful purposes like using it as an alternative source of energy .
Hence , we shall examine how nuclear energy and how it is important to the world now and in the near future .
Nuclear energy was discovered in the early 1990s ( ) .
We shall not go down to the details of that process but it was a major scientific discovery as it led to another form of energy production .
Naturally , nuclear weapons became increasingly sophisticated as nuclear countries reinvented these weapons and vied to be the most powerful nuclear state in the world .
However , the use of nuclear weapons on another country has been non-existent since WWII as countries realize the chaos they could cause .
Using more nuclear energy and less carbon-generated energy to produce electrical energy could mean a significant decrease in greenhouse gases and a cleaner earth to live on .
Countries like France rely on nuclear power as much as other countries rely on carbon to generate electricity .
Hence , nuclear energy might become essential in the near future as the world seeks to solve the energy-related problems such as global warming .
At the same time , just like any other forms that could be used to generate electricity , nuclear power is not a perfect source of energy .
In conclusion , nuclear energy would probably play an important as the Earth 's carbon resources are gradually being depleted .
The creation of NEWater , a technology where used water is treated to become potable , is one of the few examples of success in the research of technology in Singapore .
Prior to this achievement , the PUB ( Public Utilities Board ) faced many obstacles and that included the lack of engineering technology which made the cost of implementation unrealistic .
At the same time , the comfortable state of living in Singapore poses a challenge to provoking the minds of its people to improve their current state of living .
All these may then lead to the slowdown of technological advancement in Singapore .
Parents and teachers emphasize a lot on obtaining 'A ' grades and hence students have a misconception towards education .
Moreover , achieving academic promotion mainly requires students to reproduce their knowledge conservatively without much consideration .
As such , less time is made for attending brain teasing courses which , in almost all cases , are made optional to students and whose importance is not highlighted .
Hence , 'students from Singapore top results in Mathematics and Science among their peers from 41 other countries but when it comes to designing , Singaporeans are way behind their foreign peers ' ( Boston College , n.d. ) .
It is thus evident that Singaporean students are proficient in examination questions yet fail in creativity .
In view of the limited development in creativity of the people here , there is no doubt why the ability to design novel engineering processes is beginning to be seen as an outstanding talent in our society .
Given the comfortable lifestyle they are enjoying , the idea of bringing about a change is not the people 's priority .
For instance , the government has upgraded the facilities in housing estates through the implementation of schemes such as the Lift Upgrading Scheme , and this has brought about the 'tardiness ' in Singaporeans in thinking about further improvements to their life .
Their focus , instead , is directed at their routine occupational job and their own family matters and therefore , the element of creativity is not part of their daily life .
Consequently , these problems result in the failure to generate creative ideas as a solution or improvement to the people 's surroundings .
Surprisingly , what Singaporeans have in mind as the ideal solution may not be in tandem with that of foreigners .
Eventually , without a niche in designing , they will lose out to the 'brains ' from other countries when it comes to employment for 'a designer is a planner with an aesthetic sense'
( Bruno Munari , n.d. ) . Not only is knowledge important , but originality too plays an important role when it comes to being a great innovator .
For example , Singapore needs to , and has already begun to , deviate from its regimental approach of learning .
( ChannelNewsAsia , 2007 ) . The bold decision to invest billions of dollars into R&D will make people realize the importance of innovations to the sustainability of Singapore and no doubt open up more avenues for new discoveries to be made .
All in all , both measures that the Singapore government is taking clearly reflect on its intention to drive Singapore to become one of the leading countries in terms of technology .
This is the sentence that we have all heard many times before when it comes to innovation .
To be able to capture the consumers in the market , we have to be innovative in product design .
However , I think problems like the fixed mindset of the person and the lack of resources may hamper engineering design processes for innovations .
They tend to worry about what others might think and are afraid of criticism by others .
Hence , during a presentation , they present their ideas with little or no confidence because they are afraid of making fools of themselves .
Moreover , if someone receives a negative response , there is a high chance that he will not pursue any innovative attempts anymore .
Sometimes , people have the tendency to make products too complex or are too focused on factors like usability that it results in a design barrier .
Not everyone encourages new ideas .
This will also further hinder creativity .
As a result , the cost of production will be expensive and people would rather choose to design a simple product instead of investing in product innovation and research .
In addition , we have a small talent pool of people with innovative ideas .
As a result of the problems that hamper the engineering design process for innovation , many fail to identify unmet needs of the market , causing the market to suffer .
Instead of having new products in the market to capture the attention of the consumers , the market ends up with many different products having similar features and functions .
Furthermore , as mentioned by Chan in his lecture , many people are willing to pay more for design as well as for new products that they think are simple , practical and useful .
For instance , Apple iPhones were in high demand in the market during its launch because of their design , simplicity and reliability although the features of the iPhones are generally the same as many other smartphones in the market .
In conclusion , it is possible to avoid all aspects which will hamper engineering design processes for innovations by changing the mindset of the people as well as finding alternative ways to solve the problem of the lack of resources .
We should attempt to make changes to our way of life in order to begin a larger change in our lives .
The engineering design process plays an important role in innovation and creativity .
Since the resources in the world are limited and decreasing , many countries are making efforts to develop the designing process to use the resources more efficiently to improve the standard of life .
However , in my country there are still some problems that hamper creativity and design , especially the lack of resources and the behavior of customers .
In this essay , I will discuss these obstacles and how they affect the design process .
First of all , one of the biggest obstacles that hamper the engineering design process in my country is the lack of resources , which includes both human resources and natural resources .
Human resources , in this case , refers to the labor force needed to design products with skill and knowledge .
As a result , the lack of human resource affects the design process at the very first stage .
Another factor that also hampers creativity is the lack of natural resources such as space , time and materials for designing .
For example , in my country , many projects have to be postponed because there are not enough materials to make the products .
When waiting for the resources to be imported from other countries , these projects were still on the paper .
Secondly , the behaviors of the users also cause many problems when putting the products on the market .
Customers are usually afraid of changing the products they are currently usingt to new ones when they think the old ones are satisfactory .
Once they are used to a current product , it is hard to persuade them to switch to a new one because they have to learn how to use the new device .
This may not be a big matter for the young but with the old people , the problem is much greater .
For example , my mother will only use the traditional line-phone and not the cell-phone because making a call with the hand-phone is more complex than just picking up the line-phone handset and dialing the number .
Consequently , a new product , although functionally well designed , could be easily refused if it was not friendly to users .
In this situation , the behaviors of the customers are the key factors which directly determine the success of the product in the last stages of the engineering design process : making the product and bringing it to the market .
In conclusion , the two factors of lack of resources and behaviors of the customers cause great problems to the engineering design process in my country .
They affect most stages of the design process as they can postpone the process or even stop it .
Unfortunately , these problems can not be solved in the short term ; it will require much effort to bring back the knowledge and materials into my country .
Have you ever wondered how many vending machines the National University of Singapore has ?
Believe it or not , it is reported that there are over 100 vending machines in this university alone
( National University of Singapore , 2009 ) . Vending machines are available almost everywhere .
We can see them in hospitals , parks and even jungles !
There is no doubt that this invention has influenced our modern life to a great extent .
However , this technology only came on the market in the early 1880s , although the first vending machine was invented by a Greek engineer named Hero of Alexandria many centuries ago around 10 A.D. to 70 A.D. CITATION Eri06 \ l 1033 ( Jaffe , 2006 ) .
Various factors have contributed to allow such an invention to be widely adopted in today 's world .
The major reason for the popularisation of the vending machine is due to the rising wage cost during the 1880s .
" CITATION Pam09 \ l 1033 ( Schehl , 2009 )
Pennsylvania , the southern state which once supported the idea of slavery , abolished its slavery system .
As the overall standard of living of the public began to rise in cities in the following years , most people were unwilling to take up the job of selling items like chewing gum and newspaper .
therefore the chewing gum company , Thomas Adams Gum , decided to build the first commercial vending machine , selling gums on train platforms CITATION Gum08 \ l 1033 ( Gumballs , 2008 ) .
This effectively saved the cost of employing a worker and improved the efficiency of the sales .
Ever since the first vending machine appeared , many companies have adopted this idea as the public has welcomed such an invention .
The convenience it has brought has definitely played a big part in its success .
From the consumer 's perspective , cumbersome long queues can be avoided when he only needs to have a can of drink .
Furthermore , the simple manipulation of the vending machine and the hygienic storage is widely accepted by the masses .
From the vendor 's perspective , the vending machine is favourable because it allows the selling of stocks that have a very long shelf life .
and the reliability of these vending machines is guaranteed .
Practically , they can be placed at any place , including rural locations .
In countries like Japan and Singapore , where there is a lack of space , the need for a condensed merchandiser which improves space efficiency is furthermore amplified .
As time gradually goes by , the population density of many countries increases .
Devices that free up more available spaces are gaining popularity .
CITATION Nat091 \ l 1033 ( Nate , 2009 ) The need to concentrate all stocks in a small space .
In conclusion , the rising wage costs , demand for a more convenient way of selling certain products and the lack of space have shaped this technological innovation .
In addition , improvements of the vending machine have not come to a halt as it continues to accommodate more human needs .
In years to come , more improved versions of the vending machine will be introduced to the society and bring more benefits to human kind .
The commercial nuclear power industry witnessed the worst nuclear power plant accident in its history in Chernobyl .
The accident raised the question about the safety of the nuclear power plant and the ways that people can prevent such accidents in future .
According to an article by Bernhard Wilpert from Technical University of Berlin , Germany , we can see that if psychology had been applied in the design process of the Chernobyl nuclear reactors , the disaster might not have happened .
After the accident , people tried to analyse what were the reasons that caused the malfunctioning of the power plant .
Several theories were proposed , but they mostly concentrated on two issues : the mistakes of the reactor crew and the deficiency in the design of the RBMK reactor ( a high-power channel reactor called reactor bolshoy moshchnosty kanalny ) ( World Nuclear Association,2007 ) .
These two factors-- one relating to humans and one relating to machines--can be eliminated by carefully using psychology in the design process .
Since a nuclear reactor is described as a " complex high hazard systems " ( Wilpert,2007 ) , adequate and clear cognition is very important not only for but also for all the workers in the manufacturing plant , where their collaboration plays the key role in the work of the plant .
If the Chernobyl reactor crew had had enough information about the danger caused by the reactor when working in low power settings , they would never have performed the test to determine how long the turbines would spin and following a loss of main electrical power supply .
Unfortunately , such tests were still carried out despite the instability of the plant under risky circumstances .
If we had applied psychology in the nuclear power plant , the workers would have been trained well and they would have given the right responses during the accident while running the plant .
However , the operators had broken many important rules of safety just to complete the test quickly : they had diminished the flow of coolant water , disabled the automatic shutdown mechanisms and released the control rods from the machine over the acceptable limit .
These actions resulted in increasing the amount of the energy produced to an uncontrollable level within a very short time and caused the explosions of the reactor .
Once again , the .
Without proper knowledge and problem-solving skills , and behaved in the wrong way when problems appeared .
Secondly , the other reason is the flaws in the design of the RBMK reactor , especially the control rods .
However , the engineer who had created the rods had not expected the chemical structure inside the rod to actually increase the reactions between the radiation atoms the moment they are put into the reactor .
the point is that the designers had made the rods for working in stable conditions , not for such tests like this .
If the designers had applied psychology in the design process , they would have thought carefully and predicted the unexpected problems which might happen with the rods when using them .
Instead , they neglected the standard criteria just to make them simpler and cheaper but , unfortunately , more dangerous .
In addition , when the disaster happened , another serious mistake in building the nuclear power plant that reflected the weak cognition of the importance of psychology in design is that the wall around the reactor was not tough .
As a result , the wall was and radioactivity was released freely into the atmosphere , which was extremely dangerous for humans and wildlife within a large area around the plant .
An absolute evidence that proves the necessity of psychological design is a similar accident with the Three Miles Island nuclear reactor in the US .
In this case , the wall of the reactor which had been built with Europe 's high standards of safety had prevented the radiation from spreading into the air and no one had to die because of it ( Grunwald , 2009 ) .
These examples show that even machine errors can be eliminated by carefully designing and applying psychology in the design process to predict all the scenarios that may happen in the future .
Since the horrible accident of Chernobyl , the old technologies used to build the Chernobyl reactor have never been used again .
In addition , people have been doing research to improve the efficiency , the feasibility and most important the safety of the power plants so that such disasters will never happen again .
It is said that " " ( p ) sychological methods , theories , and findings are becoming increasingly important to design " ( Benson , 2006 ) .
With the increasing collaboration between psychology and design , engineers have been using for the design process to make more reliable and stable products .
Therefore , we can minimize the damage caused by accidents or even avoid them and increase the efficiency of .
According to the news report by Rita Zahara ( 2005 ) , " Singapore is only ranked 15 in the world for its innovative capabilities .
" Despite having a high GDP and a pool of savvy engineers , there are still quite a number of problems in Singapore that are hampering its engineering design processes for innovation .
There are many social and economic factors in Singapore that are hampering the country 's engineering design processes for innovation .
Compared to other countries , although Singapore does not have much technological constraints , there are still a lot of factors hampering inventions and innovations in Singapore .
Two main problems are Singapore 's small economic market and its population holding a resistance to change .
Due to the small geographical size of Singapore , its population is only less than six million people .
Most inventions , be they new or improved from previous inventions , take a vast amount of time and money before they might become an innovation .
Most engineers or designers are reluctant to even try inventing or making innovative products as they know that their inventions will most likely not make much profit , or even worse , might make .
Secondly , Singaporeans ' refusal to take risks and their contentment with their current lifestyles are also causes for the hampering of engineering design processes for innovation in Singapore .
The mindset of resistance to change in Singaporeans greatly prevents good innovative ideas and the acceptance of such ideas .
They do not want any changes to what they already have .
this will cause them not to expect anything more or better and thus , not think of new ideas on how to improve what they already have .
Furthermore , Singaporeans have a strong aversion to risk .
Most Singaporeans do not dare to try new ideas as they fear failing , which usually results in time and money loss .
Singapore 's small economic market and its population holding a resistance to change have some bearing on the engineering design processes for innovation .
According to the book by Ullman ( 2009 ) , there are ten building stages in the engineering design processes .
It will be very hard for Singapore to discover what it still needs when its people are contented with what they already have .
A small economic market is preventing engineers and designers from defining problems and conducting research as they fear it will most likely be non-profitable .
In conclusion , the two main factors contributing to the hampering of engineering design processes for innovations in Singapore are Singapore 's small economic market and its population holding a resistance to change .
The process of inventing and innovating are crucial to all of us .
It is viewed as the most important need among the others .
Therefore , I think medical needs are the one which I should give priority to .
Engineers play a very important role in designing new medical products to suit these human needs .
There are many different medical research areas which engineers could lay their hand on and design products according to stipulated requirements .
The most recent leading medical research areas are medical imaging , tissue engineering , pharmaceutical engineering , stem cell engineering and genetic engineering .
It helps the doctor to diagnose diseases at an earlier stage .
Throughout the years , various types of medical imaging technologies have been invented .
There are two main types of medical imaging : invasive and non-invasive .
The invasive imaging method requires radioactive means to produce medical scanning which would have a possibility of causing harm to the human body but could be used on the majority of human body parts .
The engineering design process could be used on the invention of a new imaging technology .
This new imaging technology must have the advantages of both the non-invasive and invasive imaging .
Furthermore , it has to address the operation cost problem and the type of human body parts where the imaging device can be used on .
Another major concern in the engineering design process of the new imaging technology is providing higher resolution 3D/2D clinical image .
This will help the doctors to analyse a patient with improved detailed images .
Since modern computers continually increase on processing speed and volume of memory , they will provide a huge support in designing better resolution image devices .
The only portion which engineers would need to figure out is how to lower the operation cost of such an imaging device .
In my opinion , the materials of the films and the simplicity of the devices would be important .
With the new resolved imaging technology , more humans would be able to make use of such technology since its cost would be reduced .
Better clinical images would also be provided to the doctors ; as a result , doctors would be able to provide a clearer diagnosis of the disease/illness of the patient .
Eventually , the average lifespan of a human would be prolonged with such devices since early detection of illness would be easier to treat and cure .
Lastly , engineers should view the medical imaging area as their priority since their innovations could resolve a lot of medical problems existing in the modern world .
Good health is still the most crucial area where everyone would wish to make their achievements in after all .
In order to successfully hold the 29th Olympic Games , the Beijing municipal government did all they could to optimize the transportation system in Beijing .
However , it was reported that the time every resident in Beijing spent on transportation per day reached five hours and five minutes in 2008 .
Obviously , nowadays there is nearly no more space for the transportation system to improve but .
However , the problem is basically that people only make changes to the traditional system , while in most cases a better system has to be built with the old one totally destroyed .
Starting from human needs , a new idea obtained by comparison can make happen possibly in a few seconds .
The following ideas are what I speculate on in terms of transportation in the future : The first step is to store the information of the people , that is , to break up the human body into atom-size particles and rearrange the particles .
The second is to translate the information and released , then .
The third step is to transfer the electrical messages via electromagnetic waves to the destination .
How did I develop this new idea ?
When facing a problem , an Engineering student should go back to the root of the problem .
, people complain about time .
Therefore , the problem solver would find out which vehicle can save the most time .
Fortunately , if the frequency is nicely set within a certain range , the wave can hardly be blocked , .
Since electromagnetic waves are used as the vehicle for many kinds of information , it is possible to use them to help send human body information as well .
As long as the real body can be translated into a certain kind of information , humans ' transportation needs can be perfectly met .
Honestly , it is impossible to find a person who is willing to risk his whole life rather than waste five hours on the road every day .
Therefore , it will be possible to decompose and recompose organs or tissues sooner or later .
In conclusion , engineering design should be based on human needs , a concept recently called " Human Oriented Design " or " humanization " .
Moreover , creativity stems from the analysis of what we have now , what we need to have in the future and most importantly what the differences between them are .
Actually , all of the above are just the writer 's personal point of view .
Though most of them sound like fiction , the dream is still achievable .
In fact , the idea of travelling by light is like the concept of transporting through time which most scientists are doing research on now .
That is why we should have confidence in our technology and ourselves because nothing is impossible .
Have you ever wondered how many cars there are in the whole world ?
According to the article , " World 's Most Congested Cities " ( Malone , 2006 ) , there are about 750 million vehicles ( and counting ) in the world , and at least 50 million cars are being manufactured in the world each year .
And out of the 750 million vehicles , 240 million come from the United States of America ( USA ) , and 850 thousand come from Singapore ( US Commercial Service , 2008 ) .
From the above figures , the ratios of human beings to vehicles are approximately 5 : 4 , 1 : 3 and 8 : 8 respectively .
all these figures are crucial in pointing out that vehicles , gasoline-powered vehicles to be more specific , are important and have blended into our lives .
Although this technology is important , many do not know its history and that the development of the gasoline-powered vehicle was actually heavily influenced by political , economic and social factors .
Firstly , there were the economic factors , and these factors can be seen as " natural " and " man-made " .
The " natural " factor that caused a spike in the number of gasoline-powered vehicles was the declining cost of oil at that point in time , which made gasoline-powered vehicles a stronger competitor over the electric-powered vehicles , which were the more commonly- used vehicle .
In addition to the above-mentioned " natural " factor , there were several " man-made " economic factors .
One of the key economic factors that Henry Ford induced was that he collaborated with banks and introduced car insurances and loans ( only if people purchased Ford 's vehicles ) , which actually amplified the effects of the declining cost of oil .
as a result , the gasoline-powered vehicle became even more economically competitive and appealing .
Furthermore , it also became more affordable in the sense that the insurances covered certain repair costs incurred by mishaps ; and loans allowed people to pay up slowly because there was no " pay by instalments " scheme back then .
Consequently , by the laws of supply and demand , Ford increased the supply of gasoline-powered vehicles due to an increase in the demand for gasoline-powered vehicles .
During World War I , the military realised that gasoline- powered vehicles were more convenient to use as compared to electric-powered vehicles because it was difficult to charge the battery of the electric-powered vehicle right in the midst of a battle where there was no electrical source .
This convenience was due to the fact that gasoline was portable and could be brought around on vehicles which allowed vehicles to be re- fueled at any time and place and this could be done very quickly .
Apart from the influence of the military , the government had a part to play as well , because the government implemented biased policies that involved building more gas stations and roads to cater to the gasoline-powered vehicles .
As a result , the electric-powered vehicle continued to lose support , and gasoline- powered vehicles took another point home .
the presence of these social factors actually determined the fate of the electric-powered vehicles .
However , these social factors , which were partly caused by the overpowering economic and political factors , " pushed " people to choose the gasoline- powered vehicles .
The people were made to believe that the gasoline-powered vehicle was the " byproduct of market competition and engineering advancement , not a product of compromise and negotiation " ( Dr. Sovacool , 28 August 09 ) , which , in actual fact , was not the case .
Due to meritocracy and freedom , people eventually " chose " the gasoline-powered vehicles , and brought electric-powered vehicles to eternal rest .
The above factors gave gasoline-powered vehicles their place in the market , even though electric-powered vehicles were better in terms of the technical aspects .
For instance , electric-powered vehicles were cleaner because they did not produce any harmful byproducts from combustion , and they were quieter , more luxurious and safer because they did not deal with any forms of combustion or heat .
Even though electric-powered vehicles were relatively more superior in the technical aspects , due to the factors mentioned above , the technical aspects were and people were not fazed by the potential problems they might face if they chose the gasoline-powered vehicles .
In this case , if vehicles are not as important , and we do not depend on them to such a large extent , World War I would not have had such a drastic effect on the extinction of the electric-powered vehicle and banks might not have approved the implementation of the insurances and loans .
" Engineering is the creative process of turning abstract ideas into physical representations " , says Khandani .
This means that engineers need creativity to make new useful things , and this is exactly what engineers in Indonesia lack , along with a sense of innovation .
The two main cause of this situation are Indonesia 's education system which limits the student 's creativity and the lack of structured government programmes regarding research and technology .
The first problem is that the education system does not allow students to express themselves freely , causing students to be less curious and therefore not creative .
Some are even so conservative that everything must be done exactly like how they have done it .
On top of that , the questions given in school are usually too straightforward as the questions themselves do not test the deeper understanding of the concepts of the students .
For example , the questions in the national examination are all multiple choice questions .
Therefore , to be able to pass the exam , students do not need to really understand concepts as they just need to memorize and use the correct formula or even try their luck .
This kind of rote learning makes defining problems , which is the very first step of the engineering design process , hard for Indonesian students .
Furthermore , this forms a habit among the students that they also apply in real life , which makes them ignorant about how things work as they become concerned only about how to use those things .
Instead of discovering and solving problems around them , they tend to avoid them and wait for someone else to solve them .
With this kind of attitude , it is quite impossible for someone to innovate .
To make matters worse , even when someone survives that kind of education and has bright ideas , the government will not give him the needed support to innovate , such as providing enough funding for Research and Development ( R&D ) in Science and Technology , or facilitate ease of taking loans for new businesses in these areas .
This is because most developing countries ' governments , like Indonesia 's , still do not yet realize that a good innovative culture in the country can actually solve other problems like poverty and basic education opportunities .
The minuscule R&D expenditure of less than 0.2 % , in 2001 , of the GDP clearly shows this lack of priority ( Krishna , n.d. ) , especially when compared to Singapore 's 2.19 % , in 2002 ( Agency for Science , Technology and Research , 2003 ) .
Therefore , as they do not have structured programmes regarding research and technology , there are only a few job opportunities in the science and technology sector , further discouraging engineers to innovate .
Thus , , prefer to have secure jobs in other more profitable sectors such as finance and banking .
This leads to a situation of no improvement in engineering in Indonesia .
Despite the poor education system , there are still a lot of innovative and creative people in Indonesia who want to become real engineers .
This makes Indonesia lose many of its best people .
" Build a better mousetrap , and the world will beat a path to your door " , said Ralph Waldo Emerson .
Eleven years ago , Singapore welcomed its first Newater plant , which was a turning point in the history of the development of Singapore 's technology .
Newater represents the technology that purifies used water to make it clean and drinkable again ( The Write Staff ) .
During the last decade , the number of Newater plants has increased to four .
Currently , a new one is under construction .
What is more , in the near future , 30 % of the supply of water in Singapore will come from Newater .
In the history of Newater , the government , the lack of water resources and the development of other technologies have had a significant influence on the development of Newater .
First of all , the government has played a determining effect on the development of Newater .
Concerned about the water supply situation in Singapore , government officials decided to focus on the Newater technology to meet the water demand in Singapore especially for the industry and for commercial use ( The Write staff ) .
Thus , the successful development of Newater is due to sufficient funding invested by the government .
With the support of the Singapore government , the technology of Newater has blossomed and the fifth Newater plant was successfully set up in the Chanqi area this year .
Besides the support of the Singapore government , a lack of water supply pushed the development of Newater .
What is more , about 40 percent of the population around the world and more than 80 countries are dealing with the problem of the lack of water ( ) .
In the case of Singapore , shortage of water results from several reasons such as its geographic position , its climate and its increasing population .
These reasons contributed to the development of Newater .
With the pressure of water shortage , having its own water supply system became more and more necessary for Singapore .
That is how the resource shortage led to the development of Newater .
The government and the lack of water resources are not the only factors that have affected the development of Newater ; the development of other technology has also played an important role in accelerating the development of Newater .
In the 1970s , Singapore was already paying attention to the technology of its own water supply system ; however , the cost was enormous and the technology was immature ( The Write Staff ) .
However , the development of material science has made the technology of microfiltration succeed .
Meanwhile , there have also been some other breakthroughs in the technology which have helped the development of Newater .
The development of Newater is a good example to demonstrate this .
The government invested funds to support the research on Newater .
In addition , resource crises , especially the shortage of water , pushed the development of Newater .
Meanwhile , the development of other technologies made Newater possible .
All of these factors have had a positive effect on the development of Newater and made it succeed .
As time passes , more and more new technologies are being discovered or created . These technologies can be classified in two main categories : one is the technologies which are developed by research , the other type is the technologies which result from serendipitous discoveries .
This article will discuss the similarities and differences between these two types of technologies .
" ( Bellis , 2009 ) Penicillin was discovered by Alexander Fleming while he " ( was observing ) that colonies of the bacterium Staphylococcus aureus could be destroyed by the mold Penicillium notatum .
" ( Bellis , 2009 ) After Fleming observed that , he paid much attention to Penicillin and discovered that Penicillin could kill many kinds of bacteria .
This important finding , however , was not given a lot attention until the 1940s when " Howard Florey and Ernst Chain isolated the active ingredient and developed a powdery form of the medicine .
" ( Bellis , 2009 ) Penicillin is " the first drug that was effective against many previously serious diseases " ( Wikipedia , 2009 ) . Although many bacteria are resistant toward Penicillin now , it is still in wide used .
Secondly , the telephone was invented by Alexander Graham Bell in 1876 and " by 1884 , long distance connections were made between Boston , Massachusetts and New York City .
" ( Inventor , 2009 ) Bell was very interested in helping deaf people which led him to invent the telephone .
In addition , " the telephone came as a direct result of his attempts to improve the telegraph .
" ( Bellis , 2009 ) The invention of the telephone was not a coincidence , but the result of long-term research .
nowadays , the telephone plays a very important role in our life , as we can hardly live without them .
From the above paragraphs on Penicillin and the telephone , we can easily see some similarities and differences between the two .
First of all , both of these two technologies have benefited us and improved our life very much . Both have helped us in some aspects : Penicillin has helped us to deal with some diseases which were hard to cure , while the telephone has helped us to communicate with others more easily and made the world much smaller .
Secondly , both technologies have matured after a long time of conscientious research .
Both Penicillin and the telephone were not used for years after they were discovered ; many people put a lot of effort to make them more and more useful .
The only difference between them is that Penicillin was found by accident while the telephone was invented with clear aim .
In conclusion , both Penicillin and the telephone help people significantly and both are the products of hard work and .
The difference between them is whether the inventor had a clear purpose or not , which Bell had and Fleming had not .
Human needs are always unsatiable .
At the same time , health problems also created great needs for advanced medical technologies and facilities .
As years went by , industrialization emerged in many countries to meet various people 's needs , like job opportunities and economic growth .
However , the big success of industrialization has created a problem for our modern people : how can we save our fast degrading environment ?
Thus , designing technologies in an environmentally friendly manner is one of the greatest necessities in order to protect our living environment and to ensure sustainable economic development .
After a problem has been defined , which is the first step of engineering design , engineers need to gather pertinent information about the problem .
For example , engineers who focus on designing environmentally friendly transportation tools must have the basic knowledge about the products of different types of fuel combustion and how they affect the environment .
They should also be updated about the latest methods to generate energy in environmentally friendly ways , such as through generating renewable energy like solar energy , tidal energy or wind energy , and their respective advantages and drawbacks .
Engineers can move on to the next step once they are equipped with the necessary knowledge .
The second step of the design process is generating different solutions to problems .
For example , engineers basically come up with two main ways to make machineries and transportation tools .
The first way is changing the way energy is generated , such as changing petrol engines which produce carbon dioxide and hydrocarbons to fuel cells which only produce water and oxygen .
This solution can be further by considering different types of methods to generate energy in less polluting ways .
The other solution is to deal with the polluting products generated along the way .
For example , catalyst convertors are installed in cars to convert the toxic gases carbon monoxide and hydrocarbons produced from incomplete combustion to the non toxic gases carbon dioxide and water .
Although different ways of solutions may be found , not all are practical , so engineers also need to analyze and select a suitable solution .
For example , both of the two solutions discussed above are theoretically correct , but today we only see converters being installed in cars .
This is because changing the ways to generate energy is very costly and the safety of such methods is unpredictable .
For example , fuel cells are very expensive , so their cost of production will be so high that they will be unmarketable .
Another example is that of hydro-powered cars , which actually have been produced but not used widely due to the fact that hydrogen is flammable , so there are still big concerns of consumers ' safety .
In this step , engineers will also look at other factors like economic and social factors to filter the solutions .
When we look around , we can see the efforts put in by engineers in products such as energy saving light bulbs light bulb , solar water heaters , car catalytic converters and so on .
These products are produced only after a long and complicated designing process .
We should really be grateful to engineers who work so dedicatedly to satisfy our needs .
Roger ( 2003 ) explains the difference between technological determinism and social determinism or the social construction of technology .
Indeed , technology is a product of society and obviously is influenced by norms and values of the social system .
On the other hand , technological determinism is the belief that technology causes changes in society and this implies that technology is somehow autonomous .
Roger does not agree with this belief .
Let us take a look at one example of a great human work in the late centuries : nuclear weapons .
We are going to look at the definition and some factors that make a nuclear weapon become a weapon .
First of all , let us look at the definition first .
According to Wikipedia , " ( a ) nuclear weapon is an explosive device that derives its destructive force from nuclear reactions , either fission or a combination of fission and fusion .
" Let us recall the Nagasaki and Hiroshima tragedies , during which both cities were destroyed completely because of this thing .
From that time onwards , nuclear production has been getting more popular all the time .
In " 50 Facts About U.S. Nuclear Weapon " , it is stated that the cost of the Manhattan Project ( through August 1945 ) was 20,000,000,000 USD .
Although it costs a great amount of money , those nuclear countries are still improving their nuclear capabilities .
Some wonder why people want to spend so much money on such things .
Usually when a country creates nuclear power , the main purpose is to make other countries respect and fear that country .
This is very useful in the military aspect .
My former history teacher one day said , " To create peace , we need big power .
" This means that if I have enough power to knock you , your friends and your family down , then it is very logical that you would want to make peace with me because you know that I am capable of doing awful things to you .
That is why people ( in this case , countries ) want to be strong so they try to develop something powerful .
As technology gets better and better , the way people fight with each other is also becoming more advanced .
A long time ago , people fought using wood , rocks , bones , etc. And then they knew about metals , so they used spears , swords , arrows , etc in their wars .
The next phase was the gunpowder stage .
Finally , we have arrived at this nuclear stage .
, including war .
That is , we just need to type some commands on our computer and click a button to launch a rocket .
I have noticed that people are actually trying to be more efficient ( from going to the field and using rocks as a weapon to using buttons on the computer only ) and this is the second reason why people keep spending money to improve nuclear weapons .
To conclude , technology depends on social factors .
It is just like a knife ; you can use it for good ( such as to peel fruits ) or for bad ( such as to kill someone ) .
Nuclear power is one such example .
The military aspect has contributed a lot to technological improvements .
In addition , there are still a lot of aspects that contribute to technology as well .
Before the 1950s , most electricity was created by burning fossil fuel , and no one was aware of other forms of energy .
After the second world war , the whole world was busy building their economies and industry .
Hence , the need for fossil energy became more and more serious .
At that time , a few countries found that only relying on fossil energy was not enough and that there should be another efficient energy source to tap from .
A few years later in the U.S. , the world 's first nuclear power plant was set up .
Although some scientists and politicians in a few countries felt that some time in the future fossil energy would be used up , the governments did not give enough attention to developing another efficient energy source because there was still enough fossil energy in store for the near future .
It was only decades later that people found out that the fact that fossil energy is nonrenewable and fast depleting is only a minor problem , and that the more serious is that the world 's average temperature is increasing since the final product of burning fossil fuel is carbon dioxide , which is the main source of aggravating the greenhouse effect .
The use of fossil fuel causes much pollution and even ruins the lungs of many kinds of creatures , including human beings .
From an ecological standpoint , the world should decrease the use of fossil fuel and try to find other ways of generating energy .
As a consequence , to invest in nuclear energy has become quite important and urgent .
And the development of nuclear energy has been invigorated .
However , when fossil fuel prices fall , can any country resist ?
During the 1970s and the 1980s , influenced by excessive industrial development , the world 's economies reached a high point but at that time , fossil fuel prices were decreasing .
This made those nuclear power plants which were under construction less attractive to develop .
However , in 1973 , France and Japan suffered an oil crisis .
Their governments could not pay for their high oil debts so these two countries decided to depend on nuclear technology .
In other words , France and Japan were forced to invest in nuclear technology .
What is surprising is that today 80 % of the electricity in France is supplied by nuclear energy .
In Japan the percentage is also as high as 30 % ( Beder , 2006 ) .
However , not all countries can afford the price of building up a nuclear power plant .
Take the U.S for example .
The U.S. is the country with the most nuclear power plants , and is well known for their technology in this area .
However , in the U.S. , to build up an ordinary nuclear power plant will cost as much as $ 6- $ 10 billion .
However , it is certain that in the future , .
When all the countries are aware of this point , it is only a matter of time nuclear energy will be generated all over the world .
.
No wonder the destructive force of nuclear weapons is terrible .
The original goal of developing nuclear technology was to invent weapons .
It is a fact that if a country has nuclear weapons or technology , it can produce a nuclear deterrent , which helps the country gain a higher position in international negotiations .
However , this is prohibited by UN laws .
As nuclear technology becomes so important , it is necessary to have an international organization to supervise the process of every country 's nuclear development .
Thus , WANO ( World Association Nuclear Operator ) has been set up .
As WANO begins to discharge its duties , the world 's nuclear development is now progressing the right way .
In 2007 , 14 % of the world 's electricity came from nuclear power and it will be seen a few years from now that nuclear energy will benefit the whole world .
As many big cities in the world are facing water crises , as acid rains become increasingly frequent , and as the number of lung cancer patients keeps going up , environmental protection has become one of the most vital needs of humans .
To satisfy humans ' need and contribute to protecting the environment , engineers seek to design and invent products in an environmentally friendly way .
Through the engineering design process , we can see how engineers satisfy that need .
According to Khandani ( 2005 ) , there are five steps in solving designing problems .
To design and produce something more environmentally friendly , engineers should pay more attention to environment-related information when searching for pertinent information to help them in their design .
For example , suppose an engineer is looking for a material for meal boxes of take-away food .
Apart from information about cost , weight , water resistant ability , and so on , he needs to pay extra attention to environmental information like whether the material can be biodegraded or recycled .
Taking this environment-related information into consideration helps make more environmentally friendly decisions .
The second step is to analyze and select a solution .
Usually , engineers will come up with more than one plan as they design a product .
They need to analyze and evaluate the plans and decide on a final plan .
In the Engineering Design Process , Khandani ( 2005 ) shows us how engineers evaluate different plans .
Firstly , they need to decide the criteria for evaluating design plans .
They need to perform several types of analysis on each design plan .
These types of analysis are the criteria for evaluating the plans .
Next they value each criterion according to its importance , and give a mark representing how important it is .
After that , they evaluate each aspect of the design against the corresponding criterion .
Based on how well that aspect fits the criterion , they give a mark .
Lastly , they calculate the points for each plan and compare them .
Then the mark of each aspect of the plan is multiplied by the number representing the importance of this criterion and the total mark is added up .
By comparing the total mark of the different plans , they decide on the final plan .
If he can increase the importance of the factors related to environmental protection , he may use a substitute for phosphorus , or cleanse the waste water before discharging it .
Then the process and product would be more environmentally friendly .
If engineers can think more about the environment when designing , the product will become very environment-friendly .
Government Regulations and Public Opinions of the Development of Electric Bicycles in China
One typical image remembered by the world about China is its astounding number of bicycles on the roads : swarms of people riding bicycles filling the roads which are not really narrow .
since the year 2000 , another phenomenon has occurred on the roads of the cities in China : electric bicycles .
According to data on reliable Chinese websites , in 2004 alone , 6750000 electric bicycles were produced by more than 1000 factories all over China and these numbers are expected to increase by many times by the end of 2010 .
With the maturing of the technologies of electric motors and long-life batteries , multiple types of electric vehicles could have been created .
Previously existing government regulations and public opinions on road safety have played important roles in shaping the electric bicycle in China into what it is today .
previously existing government regulations had a tremendous effect on the development of electric bicycles when it comes to the size and speed of these bicycles .
Before the e-bike ( electric bicycle ) we see now which is light ( lighter than 20kg ) and slow ( maximum speed is less than 20km/h ) , there are also a number of other kinds of electric vehicles being developed .
They are more like electric motorbikes which are much more powerful and , of course , heavier .
However , because of the government regulations on city transportation under which all means of transportation on the road are grouped as either motor or non-motor and nothing in between , the prototype of the heavy electric bicycles was nipped in the bud as it could not be categorised as either of the two because of its variety of performance .
The later electric bicycle was then designed to be more like a normal bicycle and was only allowed to be ridden on non-motor roads . It is light but moves automatically .
People can even ride it just like riding a bicycle when it runs out of power .
Apart from government regulations , public opinions have also had significant effects on the development of the e-bike .
Data on road traffic accidents were collected .
In Hangzhou , the capital city of Zhejiang province , the number of accidents caused by e-bikes increased over three years
Though the number was relatively small compared with those caused by cars and motorbikes , people were becoming more and more concerned about the safety of e-bikes and a series of public discussions were then carried out to discuss how to make the e-bike a safe vehicle on the roads .
Finally , the speed limit was set at 20km/h which is quite at the lower end of what the technology allows the e-bike to do .
Then all the e-bike industries began to improve performance in other areas of the e-bike like battery life and noise rather than speed and loading ability .
In order to meet the requirement of government regulations and public opinions , the development of the e-bike has gone through several changes ; therefore it has been shaped to the e-bike we see now .
Hopefully , the next typical image left by China to the world will be that of the e-bike .
In 1936 , the first public video telephone was developed .
At that time , both interactants of a video telephone had to simultaneously go to special post office video telephone booths to use this service .
It was n't until the 1980s that , with the development of the IT chip , transmission technology , digital communication , video codec technology and integrated circuit technology , the videophone became truly usable .
At that time many predicted that the videophone would be very popular someday and it would be loved by the public .
However , in recent decades , there has been almost no market for the videophone and the videophone has not been integrated into our lives .
One of the reasons why the videophone could not become popular is that there were technical problems .
But apart from the technical factor , the development of the videophone was mainly limited by some social and economic factors .
The videophone was very expensive when it was first launched .
Even today when the technology is so advanced , the price is still quite high .
One videophone roughly ranges in price between S $ 200 and S $ 1000 .
In addition , the videophone costs much more than the normal phone to use especially when a user takes a long distance call .
The second reason is privacy issues .
When they are talking , they want to be relaxed and feel at ease .
Videophone users also commonly look at the video screen and not at the video camera , causing the eyes to take on an unnatural awkward glance , as the camera is usually just positioned away from the screen ( Videophone , 2009 ) .
For a long time , although there were some companies producing videophones , different kinds of videophones from different companies could not communicate with each other because they did not share a standard .
texting and instant messaging , which are commonly available on all video-enabled cell phones and web chat programs ) ( Videophone , 2009 ) .
Nowadays , with the fast development of the Internet , more and more people are accepting the idea of video chatting through some Internet chatting software .
Thus , the appeal of using the videophone is becoming lower and lower .
It sounds like a tragedy that this great innovative device has not been used or even seen by most people since it was invented in the 19th century .
The lesson we should gain from this is that social and economic issues can indeed shape the development of a new product .
Hence , considering social and economic aspects before the implementation of an innovation is important .
Normally , skunk works generate innovations more quickly than the conventional R&D organizations , for workers in skunk works work " on a crash basis to create an innovation " ( Rogers , 2003 , p.144 ) .
On the other hand , conventionally generated technology probably takes a longer time ; for example , another revolutionary invention , light bulb , was first generated in the 1800s .
Workers in skunk works have stronger motives than those in the conventional organization .
The result is that researchers in skunk works generate innovation faster .
Besides the differences of time and cost , nevertheless , when coming to the commercialization stage , products transferred from technology in skunk works are sometimes not so mature as those transferred from conventional R&D organizations due to the time limitation .
On the contrary , conventional R&D organizations have more time to make their innovation more customer-friendly and more mature in technology .
However , they have higher requirements for the personnel and capital , which are difficult for some companies that are in shortage of capital .
Prior to the Industrial Revolution in the 19th century , the needs of people were just basic-food , clothing , air and last but not least , shelter .
Well , in order to have better transportation , design processes are needed to fulfill the need .
Transportation which is cheap and safe , environmentally friendly and uses alternative source of energy , is most desirable .
One of the eminent challenges faced by modern transportation is to depend less on fossil fuels .
With the rate of usage of fossil fuels - at three billion barrels per year now - , it will not take long before fuels get depleted .
According to a presentation made by Osman Chughtai and David Shannon fossil fuels will run out in 17 years minimum or a maximum of 50 to 70 years .
Nevertheless , other transportation problems like producing too much pollutants such as nitrogen oxides .
Pollutants produced have been proved to have had an enormous effect on the Earth 's ozone layer , corroding the ozone layers and exposing humans to deadly ultraviolet rays .
To add to the problems stated above , the world currently needs better transportation , in terms of safety and functionalities as well as cost .
First of all , engineering processes provide the foundation for research to get a new state-of-the-art design .
Recently , there was groundbreaking news stating that engineers found a technology called H2CAR process , a process for producing fuels from plants or what they call the process-biomass .
Besides research , development processes enable engineers to produce designs that will be tested on real ground .
In this case , transportation like cars must be able to withstand extreme weathers and must be aerodynamically shaped for maneuverability .
In a nutshell , design processes are the main essence for a better future transportation , in terms of fuel type , environmentalenvironmental friendliness , functionalities as well as cost .
This need must be taken seriously in order to secure a brighter future -- a future where people do not need to travel on bicycle or on foot .
" Chinese mobile phone users total 703 million " ( HYPERLINK " http : //thegovmonitor.com/world_news/asia/chinese-mobile-phone-users-total-703-million-3376.html " http : //thegovmonitor.com/world_news/asia/chinese-mobile-phone-users-total-703-million-3376.html ) . This was reported on 4th September 2009 .
But seven out of ten mobile phonephone users are not using Chinese brands .
How can Chinese enterprises compete against foreign mobile phone companies ?
History has witnessed how mobile phone markets have always been broadened by new features of the phone .
Motorola 8900 which was available in market in the year 1995 was firstly featured with a cover so that wrong press of button was avoided .
In the same year the first self-chosen ring tone was heard from Ericsson GH398 .
The first folding phone was Motorola 328C born in January 1999 . Nokia 7110 is the first mobile phone with a wap browser which was released in October 1999 .
Hagenuk CH9771 was the first mobile phone with its antenna inside the phone .
As the mobile phone is built up by so many parts , there are various ways of innovation .
Appearance means much because people treat mobile phones not only as communication tools but also as a kind of beloved toys .
I phone has conquered the whole world but failed to enter Japan 's market because of two reasons : First , Japanese like to own a unique style of phone but iphone has only one style which would cause embarrassment when Japanese meet other iphone users .
But iphone does not have them .
As for appearance there are four major designs : straight , flip , slide and rotation .
Such as a straight phone with 3-row,4-column keyboard .
To protect the fragile touch screen , the keyboard can act as the cover and leave only a little part of the screen outside when not used .
There are plenty of functions now but the newer the better .
A phone can act as a telescope in Birdnest during the Beijing 2008 Olympic Games by using the camera and its zoom function .
It can also design a diet for its owner to lose weight .
Innovative mobile design is important also because designers can dominate both and market .
A new design is protected by its copyright so .
To conclude , China 's mobile industry needs to work on innovation of phones ' appearance and function .
Problems significantly hamperhamper innovation in engineering design processes for innovations . Along with the rise in living standards , people 's demands for goods increase .
At the same time , people pay more attention to the quality of the goods .
In order to meet the demands of modern society , we need higher efficiency and more advanced technology .
Thus , the innovations in engineering processes are more and more important .
But in real life many problems hamper engineering design processes for innovations .
The two most significant are the state of information communication which is not smooth and corruption .
In practical production , only the workers directly use production equipment .
The senior management and the boss , who have the right to change and introduce new equipment and technologies , seldom care about the real condition of production .
And the state of information communication is not smooth , workers can not relay the problems that they found in production to the people who have the power to make decisions .
In this case , after a long time the workers lose enthusiasm to think about how to solve the problems .
At the same time , it loses the opportunity to save costs and increase production efficiency .
It often causes more serious problems than other problems .
It is a very serious problem that exists in almost every area .
For leaders in companies and factories , if they are corrupt , they only care about their own benefits and ignore many others .
There are many cases of corrupt leaders leading their whole companies or factories to go bankrupt .
And there are also some cases which are more scary .
Some set up a company just to cheat ; all their actions are about cheating for money from consumers or other companies .
For the staff , if they are corrupt , they would not focus on their jobs any more .
Furthermore , they would envy others who have a higher position or make more money or make greater contributions .
In such case , they may create a lot of bad things , maybe to frame others , in order to get more benefits for themselves .
For workers , they would only care about how to please their leaders to receive more benefits and not care about production .
The worse influence is for corrupt people to affect the general mood of a company or a factory .
To conclude , there are many existing problems hampering engineering design processes for innovations .
In this era of globalization , engineering design has been emphasized by governments all over the world , such as the United States , Russia and France .
This is because the development of engineering design could bring many advantages to a country 's economy and society .
Currently , scientists perceive a future problem and launch some research to overcome it .
If we observe our surroundings , we can see many inventions with technological creativity such as computer , automobile and other electrical appliances .
Nevertheless , there are some problems which significantly hamper engineering design processes for innovations in my home country , Malaysia , and impact certain stages of engineering design .
As we all know , if we want to improve our engineering design , we need to launch much research .
Subsequently , a lump sum of money to be used to launch all such research , but our government is not able to invest much money on all .
So , financial problem arises and constrains the engineering design processes for innovations .
Malaysia is a country which is still developing and not as wealthy as other western developed countries such as the United States , France and Germany .
Hence , we lack money to improve our facilities for research such as well-equipped laboratories and other highly technological instruments .
In fact , this will cause engineering design processes to be interrupted halfway because of lack of highly technological instruments .
For instance , if we want to design a race car , we need some highly technological instruments to do research on car engines and other parts of a car .
And although we have already found important information through research , we still can not continue analyses of design solutions because of lack of highly technological instruments to be used for investigation .
Much of the research engineering design carried out in modern countries been done successfully .
In fact , the lack of professionals in engineering fields has resulted in the failure of some research .
For instance , some of the automobile research due to the lack of professionals .
The stage of analysis of design solution has been constrained because of limited knowledge and lack of professionals .
Hence , some forums on engineering design should be held between our country and other modern countries .
In a nutshell , financial problem and lack of professionals in my home country should be solved as soon as possible to improve our engineering design processes .
Hence , the private sector , the government and also citizens should work hand in hand in order to encourage more investment in engineering design research and produce more professionals in the field of engineering design in the future .
Indonesia , a country with more than two hundred and thirty million citizens , is South East Asia 's largest country and economy to date .
Yet Indonesia still trails behind its neighboring countries such as Malaysia , Thailand , and even The Little Red Dot : Singapore , in terms of advancement in design-based technology .
It is commonly believed that the slow rate of technological growth in Indonesia is caused by two major problems which may hamper the innovative engineering design process .
Firstly , Indonesia lacks a culture of innovation .
According to statistics published by UNICEF in 2007 , only fifty percent of Indonesian citizens are urbanized , which means the other half live in rural areas with little exposure to the modern world and technology .
People living in traditional villages live very simple lives .
They keep their ancestors ' traditions , and sometimes prefer the traditional way of doing things to labor-saving modern devices ; for example ; some farmers prefer buffalo-driven ploughs to tractors .
Moreover , farmers still rely on government supplies and subsidies , which run into a lot of logistical problems , instead of innovating their own way of solving problems .
Besides , most universities in Indonesia are more teaching based based and less research intensive than those in Japan or The States ; that makes Indonesian university students less creative and innovative in problem solving .
The second problem that may hamper the engineering design process in Indonesia is due to its excessive and cheap natural resources , space , and workforces .
As mentioned above , Indonesia has more than two hundred and thirty million citizens , and its unemployment rate is considered high at 9.1 % ( Reuters , 2008 ) .
Thus , Indonesia needs to create jobs for its people ; one way is by developing its agricultural businesses , which have been a hot topic lately during the presidential campaign .
Prabowo Subianto , son of Sumitro Djojohadikusumo , former minister of economics for both Indonesia and Malaysia , during his vice presidential campaign opposed a solution to current Indonesian problems . He promised to create jobs by developing bio diesel producing palm plantation in Indonesia , which may absorb about 6 million workforces .
It is apparent that innovative and labor-saving devices will not work in Indonesia ; the new invention seemed to be more expensive compared to the traditional way .
After the invention is patented , there is nobody who is willing to buy it because in Indonesia 's case it is not cost efficient .
Another effect is demotivation of young engineers from designing new products , because the rewards the society gives them is not equal to their long-time hardwork .
To tackle them , the Indonesian government has to work hard in developing an innovative culture in the society , and decreasing the people 's dependability on the government .
According to Khandani 's statement " What distinguishes engineers from painters , poets , or sculptors is that engineers apply their creative energies to producing products or systems that meet human needs " , all engineering designs aim to meet human demands .
Now , when society develops , people are looking for new designs to satisfy their comfortable lives .
ThThesese new designs may be demands for entertainment , education or even something beyond our imagination .
However , in my opinion , one of the main concerns in our society is finding a new energy supply to substitute for the old ones which have been depleted due to human exploitation .
In order to solve this urgent demand , engineering plays an important role in finding other alternatives such as nuclear energy , solar energy and geothermal energy .
Evidently , energy has become vital and indispensable in our life , relating to most of everything we deal with .
Because of the influence of energy , natural resources have invisibly caused wars and conflicts between many countries over time .
The recent war between the United States and Iraq in 2000 might be considered to be a typical example .
Although the U.S. has been saying that this war is for anti-terrorism , or more importantly for maintaining peace the world , it is clear that one of the reasons why American troopers stay in Iraq is the benefits of petroleum .
This is a typical example of how important energy is since it has a great impact on our daily life .
Due to the non-renewability of natural " fossil " resources , the more demands society needs , the more exhausted these resources become .
According to the online newspaper Financial Times ( 2006 ) and USA Today news ( 2004 ) , the oil reserves in Trinidad and Tobago will run out in the next 20 years and the world oil reserves will become exhausted just in 40 years .
The process of finding a new alternative energy source , which is not only renewable but also environmental-friendly , has been undertaken for a long time and regarded as an ultimate goal for engineering .
It is extracted from usable energy from heavy atomic nuclei ( for example Uranium 235 ) via of nuclear reactions .
The first nuclear plant was built in Russia in 1984 whose initial electricity production was about 5000KW .
However , the design of nuclear reaction has to meet many rigorous requirements to avoid nuclear releases as well as to isolate radiation from life .
All of these conditions have to be followed strictly ; otherwise it may cause immeasurable consequences .
For instance , one of the most tragic accidents involving radiation release was the Chernobyl disaster which happened in 1986 .
This disastrous accident resulted from weakness in design . Up to now , the neighboring areas still suffer from the radiation .
Another solution is the perpetual resources known as solar , geothermal energy , etc.The solar energy is drawn from sunlight 's energy by many solar panels which are designed to fit house roofs .
This energy is converted into electric or thermal energy to serve our life .
Geothermal power takes the thermal calorie in the entrails of the earth and translates into other energies which contribute an important role in operating turbines and machines .
Geothermal energy is considered as the most potential alternative for nonrenewable energy in the future .
Also , these resources may not be applied and used everywhere on earth due to geographic differences .
In conclusion , I contend that energy problem should be classified as first priority for humans to solve not only because of many huge benefits it provides for people but also because of the critical shortage of energy resources .
In this context , engineering design process meet these urgent needs by finding many feasible solutions such as nuclear energy , solar energy and geothermal energy sources .
Although this process has just had initial achievements , it promises a fully potential energy source in the future which may permanently serve human kind .
Thus , many countries spend more money and time on developing new resources which can be used as a substitute for petroleum .
This can be seen through the increase in research and development of solar cars or other products .
The use of solar energy-related goods has been highly encouraged by environmentalists .
So , I would like to discuss the reasons for innovation in such technology based on economic , governmental and environmental factors .
First of all , as earlier mentioned , petrol price has been fluctuating in recent years . This makes many factories start to worry about the cost and profit they can earn .
Most of them feel unsecured because the cost of petrol may lead to low profit or even red deficit .
In the process we can see many firms and companies start to invest in solar energy areas .
It is because of the cost of batteries .
Presently , there is limitation on the amount of energy the batteries can store as we can only " use solar cells to generate up to 240 watts of electrical power in full sunshine .
As long as we can find a way to increase the amount of energy the batteries can store , the cost will not be much a problem anymore .
So I think , although they have to spend much more on research now , they can definitely save more in the long run .
For example , their enemy may cut down the inflow of the petrol .
This will in turn cause many harmful results including acidic rain or global warming .
And as solar energy comes from the sun , it can be regarded as reproducible and we do not need to worry about if it will be depleted one day .
In conclusion , I think we should decrease the use of petrol-related products and slowly switch towards using the products which need new resources .
Only if we show our interests in and demands for these products , researchers can have motivation and more funds to do their projects .
Their achievements influence the development of every industry .
People 's needs are so various that one prime need must be given priority to avoid distractions .
In today 's world , this need should be people 's demand for fresh water .
As is known , water is a resource that humans can not live without .
Its uses range from climate regulation and industry application to food processing and daily drinking .
A hundred years ago , water was never a concern ,
while today it is different .
It is now commonly recognized that fresh water will be the scarcest resource in the following century .
Some people even assume that the next world war will be fought because of limited fresh water on the earth .
In order to ensure humans ' survival and world peace , engineers should respect humans ' need for water most when designing products .
One aspect engineers should work on to meet people 's need of water is to reduce pollution in the engineering process .
To be exact , there is never a lack of water on earth , but pollution damaged most of the available water sources , such as rivers and lakes .
This can stop pollution in water more thoroughly than government 's fine on water pollution .
In addition , engineers can design a device that can save water .
Therefore , if a device can avoid wasting water in the daily life of each person , it will surely save a considerably large amount of water .
Small devices like taps , water coolers , and washing machines , can all be the targets of engineers .
Engineers should give importance to water-efficiency together with other efficiencies regarding designing devices , so that enough water can be conserved to meet people 's needs .
To sum up , engineering should give priority to people 's need of water first , as water is necessary for human survival .
In order to highlight this need , engineers should emphasize environmental friendliness and water saving in designing .
For the next 10 years or more , Singapore have a high percentage of population consisting of the elderly .
There are a few factors leading to an ageing population like low birth rates and increase in the cost of standard of living .
With the increase in the number of elderly , there would be a need for safety areas , thus products or services should be designed to meet this need .
This product is a smart suit that is equipped with an array of microsensors which are able to detect falls suffered by the wearers and to send alerts to their caregivers .
Besides these functions , the engineers have also included an " impact-reduction " system to reduce the damage done on the wearer when he or she falls .
For the product , we have seen that the engineers have made use of engineering design processes to meet the need .
Firstly , they have defined the problem , which is ageing population , and they have seen the need to invent a product which could give extra safety protection to the elderly .
Secondly , they have brainstormed on the preliminary criteria for a better design for the product ( Khandani , 2005 ) ) .
For instance , in the case of a fire , the temperature sensor would be alerted and will send warning alerts to their caregivers or call for Civil Defense Force immediately .
Furthermore , when considering the design of the product , there is a need to make special considerations that are suitable for elderly use .
Those factors that might need to be taken into consideration when designing the product are inflexible movements and slow response time .
Engineers would have to use the engineering design processes to list out multiple solutions the designing of product ( Khandani , S. ( 2005 ) ) .
In order to make sure the product works well , engineers have to test it before they launch the product .
In conclusion , we have seen that the problems of ageing population could get more serious in the next few years , thus there is a need to design a product that could help to reduce the risks and impacts faced by the ageing population .
Through examples of these two products , we could see that both of them have made use of engineering design processes to meet the need .
And thus , they proved that it is really important to go through engineering design processes when inventing a new product .
Human activities on Earth have depleted Earth 's valuable yet limited natural resources , thus damaging the Earth 's environment .
This causes Earth 's natural resources to be depleted and modify its environment so much that it is no longer suitable for human life .
Therefore , humans have to give priorities to conserving Earth 's natural resources and protecting its environment .
This can be achieved by completely setting aside already available engineering processes , modifying and improving these old processes , or correctly identifying the reasons for the rise of that need .
Firstly , engineering processes that are available now and are widely used can be abolished while new ones can be introduced to perform the functions of their precursors and at the same time fulfil the need .
For instance , humans have always depended on one of Earth 's natural resources , fossil fuels , as an important source of energy .
However , due to human s ' overuse of it , fossil fuels are expected to be completely depleted in the year 2050 .
Therefore , engineering processes of technologies that extract energy from fossil fuels must be superseded and new ones must be introduced to ensure a constant supply of energy for humans .
For example , western powers like countries in Europe and the United States are planning to construct large scale solar energy farms in areas in Africa like the Sahara desert to replace generating energy from fossil fuels .
Therefore , we can see how setting aside old engineering processes and embracing new ones can satisfy that need .
Secondly , instead of removing available engineering processes , they can also be modified so that their original functions are still available but at the same time satisfy the need to preserve natural resources and protect the environment .
For example , transportation systems like cars require fuels like fossil fuels which are processed from a depleting natural resource , fossil fuels .
Furthermore , greenhouse gases like carbon dioxide are produced from these cars which contribute to the notorious greenhouse effect .
For instance , electric cars by General Motors use electricity to power the car 's engine instead of fossil fuels .
This satisfies the need as electricity can be generated from renewable sources of energy like solar and wind energy .
Furthermore , greenhouse gases like carbon dioxide will also not be emitted .
Thirdly , the need can be fulfilled by correctly identifying and analyzing the reason for the rise of that need , so that correct decisions can be made through engineering processes .
For example , CFC gases in the past are a by-product of many of our industries .
These gases caused the destruction of the Earth 's ozone layer in the atmosphere which caused more harmful ultraviolet , UV rays to penetrate the atmosphere , and consequently health problems like skin cancer to humans due to these UV rays .
Therefore , a worldwide policy was implemented to ban the emission of CFC gases into the atmosphere by industries .
Thus , we can see how making correct decisions to prevent pollution to the environment can fulfill the need .
In conclusion , to ensure a sufficient supply of natural resources and a healthy environment for us and our future generations to live in , engineering processes can meet our needs by removing and introducing or modifying available engineering processes and making correct decisions through these processes .
Out of all the human needs in the world , clean water should be given priority compared with others .
In addition , due to global warming , the sea level rises .
Therefore , some precious sources of drinking water , like underground water , are polluted and not drinkable any more , which makes the situation even worse .
In some regions in the world , such as the Middle East and Africa , the shortage of clean drinking water is very serious , which sometimes causes wars .
Water we daily use can be divided into two categories , for drinking and not for drinking .
For example , water we use to flush toilets , to irrigate farmland and to wash cars is not necessary to reach the same hygienic level as the drinking water .
Hence , we may use recycled water to do these jobs so that we can save more clean drinking water for people .
However , this method may not be suitable for developing and undeveloped countries because it costs a lot of money , and the technology required is also very high .
The other way to get drinking water is through desalination of sea water .
Another limitation of this method is that it can only be applied in seaside countries , like Singapore , which means that it is not the first choice of many inland countries .
Therefore , since the two methods mentioned above are both costly and difficult to apply , they can be restricted by the economic and the market and thus , they may be not able to solve the shortage of water in a short period .
It is this kind of hope that motivates humans to develop , to improve , to pursue our dreams , and finally to have such a beautiful world today .
Hope is the most significant contribution which engineers have contributed to the world .
The environment-friendly car is a current human need which should be given priority .
The current car 's technology , the fuel injection , has satisfied that need , but has not satisfied the environment 's need .
Humans need a car which is not only able to transport them easily but also is friendly to the environment .
It is the doctors ' job to apply their creative energies in designing a solution which meets humans ' needs .
First of all , the current car 's technology , the fuel injection , has satisfied humans ' need to travel .
For example , the time taken to travel from one place to another with a distance of a few hundred kilometres has been reduced from 2-3 days to 2-3 hours ; as a result , humans are able to travel instantly .
This indeed makes human s ' means of transportation rising to another level .
Second , in contrast with the benefit fuel injection has contributed to human life , it has , in fact , polluted the environment .
This is due to fuel processing in the car .
For example , fuel injection is exhausting Carbon Dioxide ( CO2 ) as a result of incomplete burning of fuels .
Third , humans not only need to travel but also need a pollution -free environment to live in .
In view of this issue , engineers are needed to design a solution .
According to Khandani ( 2005 ) , products or systems are designed by engineers to meet human needs .
For years , engineers have experimented on designing a solution to this issue .
This eco-car has no fuel tank , therefore , it produces no emissions at all .
Lastly , Japan 's engineers had followed engineering design processes Khandani ( 2005 ) to design their first eco-car .
They argued that the fuel injection system 's problem lies in the fuel it uses .
They gathered information in order to arrive successfully at the right fuel source ; subsequently , they decided to use electricity as the fuel .
The road to success is not smooth ; likewise , Japan 's engineers had gone through a lot of challenges and tests before they arrived at the final prototype of Japan 's first eco-car .
Humans need to care about the environment 's condition in order to preserve it for the new generation .
To conclude , by using engineering design processes , engineers can design products that meet human needs .
For instance in Singapore and Japan , healthcare is emphasized on the elderly due to their aging populations but both execute their policies in different ways .
With a replacement rate of 1.5 children to 2 adults and an estimation that by 2030 , 18.4 % of the population will be made up by the elderly , it is no wonder why Singapore government is promoting reproduction in young couples .
As the population ages , the main users of hospital services will be the elderly .
According to a survey in 2004 , Singapore is one of the unfriendliest countries towards the wheel chair bounded .
Hence , there is a need for us to impove the healthcare services of our older citizens .
In Japan , nearly one quarter of the population is made up of the elderly .
The fast paced society forces citizens to place work as priority over family resulting in a declining population .
Since the number of elderly is increasing , it is important to cater to their needs in terms of healthcare .
The first concern is the living condition of the elderly .
Home care facilities such as hospices , day care centres and nursing homes are built to look after the elderly especially when their family members are unable to do so .
For example , in Singapore , one room apartment with specially installed emergency buttons and lifts is catered to the elderly .
Shopping malls and other common places should be equipped with more ramps and handicapped -friendly escalators .
They should be offered free medical check-ups and treatment if necessary .
In conclusion , healthcare services should not be neglected especially in countries which face an aging population .
Consequently , after years of research and design to alleviate this problem , the NEWater technology was invented .
This is an example of a particular human need which has been satisfied by an engineering design system .
Global warming , as a result , is becoming more and more an issue of rising concern as little has been done to eliminate or substantially reduce pollution .
Time is running out and to protect the sustainability of life on Earth , necessary actions have to be taken immediately , and if not , as soon as possible , and the help of engineering design processes should not be left out .
Subsequently , engineering design processes have made possible the invention of catalytic converters which convert the harmful gases emitted by vehicles into non-harmful gases .
On the flip side , although the problem of emission of harmful gases has been , vehicles today are releasing carbon dioxide , which is a greenhouse gas , instead .
After years of research , then comes the idea of inventing an environmentally-friendly car , also known as an ecocar .
Throughout the years , there has always been a debate on whether technology shapes society , a technologically determinist perspective , or society shapes technology , a socially determinist view .
One such technology that is closely related to this debate is the invention of the automobile .
Due to the influence of these factors , gasoline-powered cars have won over electric cars for years .
Firstly , societal factors like the expansion of cities favor gasoline cars over electric cars .
For example , gasoline-powered cars can travel an average of about 300km on a full tank of petrol as compared to a maximum distance of 150km for a full charge on an electric battery .
Everyone now wants to own a car for convenience and for individualism 's sake .
Take Dubai for instance . They now have an average ratio of 571 cars to every 1000 people .
Therefore , this affects automobiles as people purchase more gasoline powered cars .
The reason is that car manufacturers , in order to retain their market share of gasoline powered cars , will invest time and money to promote gasoline-powered vehicles over the unproven market of electric cars .
A social stigma that electric cars are only meant to be golf carts or less is hence created , and this leads to people purchasing gasoline-powered cars .
Next , technological factors like currently available technology and limitation of resources have also helped shaped automobiles .
Hybrid cars involve either part gasoline and part electric or part gasoline and part compressed natural gas ( CNG ) .
The gasoline-powered car has finally seen a worthy competitor .
However , technological restraints like limited resources have been a set back for hybrid users .
This constraint makes consumers think twice before purchasing a hybrid vehicle .
Imagine if there are no technological restraints and that we could create a self replenishing battery .
Technology and society co-exist and affect one another .
Even until now , we are shaping many other technological inventions .
Who knows , hybrid cars might actually manage to successfully dethrone gasoline-powered cars in the near future .
Electronics such as lights and cars have become essential to human beings over the past years .
However , these electronics though wonderful , consume a huge amount of energy .
One current human need that should be given priority for engineering design is to have cos-saving electronics .
The challenge in having a motion sensor light to automatically turn on and off the lights with the presence of a human being was how to accurately identify the presence of a human being in the area monitored by the sensor .
To overcome the challenge , the motion sensors use infrared energy to detect human beings .
These natural gases are widely available on earth as compared to petrol fuel which is getting limited as oil reserves get depleted .
In order for a car to be powered using CNG , there are certain modifications that needed to be done .
For example , new fuel storage was introduced , and took the name of Integrated Storage System .
In Singapore , public transports such as taxis and buses have converted to CNG .
In addition , according to Channel NewsAsia , there is an increasing number of private cars owners converting their conventional petrol fuel-powered cars to CNG cars .
To sum up , with the depletion of natural resources and high electricity and fuel cost , engineering designing should be given priority cost saving electronics .
Usually , engineers face difficulty in designing a product or coming out with ideas demanded by the public .
An engineer needs to define the problem , gather pertinent information , generate and analyse multiple solutions and finally , test and implement the solution .
However , the two most disturbing problems that may hamper engineering design processes for innovations are the inability of engineers to generate multiple solutions to convince their superior to implement their products or ideas and the failure of constantly creating a product that is in demand .
Firstly , in the aspect of generating multiple solutions , engineers often face the problems of lack of funds and inability to convince their superior that their idea is feasible .
Their idea or product is a totally new concept which people may find hard to accept because of a traditional idea or product that may have been etched in their mind .
For example , in the Singapore National Service , military officers , using their portion of dominant influence , typically make most of the important decisions about innovation .
In addition , low ranking cadets usually fail to convince high ranking officers that their innovative products or ideas may improve the military .
This unmanned combat air vehicle might have been potent enough to replace the ubiquitous manned fighter in the near future .
However , due to the higher officer not having enough trust over the air vehicle being piloted by a human , this unmanned combat vehicle project did not succeed in being implemented .
As engineers , if their ideas or products face constant rejection by their superior , they will stop coming up with new ideas or products as they see no purpose in coming up with new ideas or products and constantly opposing their superiors .
Thus , superiority in companies will significantly hamper engineers ' morale and their design .
Secondly , the other problem that restricts engineering design is the lack of confidence to implement ideas or products that are in demand .
Although in the initial stage response to their products may be good , when it comes to implementing their ideas or products , the response may be different .
Engineers spend a lot of effort in developing these products , but the final products that they design may not be of popular demand .
This type of phone faced rejection because it was expensive and users found it infringing on their privacy .
As a result , sales of these phones were low , affecting the morale of the engineer who designed it .
Facing multiple failures may cause engineers to be disheartened and put them on high alert as they will be more careful when they want to design a product .
They will tend to feel disappointed because they need to solicit a lot of funds , putting in their utmost efforts when developing the products , but only to find out that their products face rejection by the public .
The " best " design solution is always hard to develop because it is one that most completely fulfils a client 's requirements .
Therefore , engineers may just stop at gathering pertinent information , and not go into generating multiple solutions as they worry that their products may not be in demand as expected , which again may hamper their design processes for innovation .
In conclusion , it is usually the lack of ability to convince their superiors and the constant rejection by the public that significantly hamper engineering design for innovations .
Traditional mindsets should be changed and let engineers have a chance to develop their ideas .
Furthermore , engineers should do their research and marketing of their products effectively , such that products that they develop will be of market value .
Meanwhile , many new kinds of innovative inventions come out almost every day , thus changing the way people live .
It is a remarkable fact that technical innovation is viewed differently by different groups of people .
A wonderful invention to a group of people may be disliked others .
In general , the justification of the utility of a specific technology or invention depends on the specific opinions of different group of people .
Space technology is a good example to explain the existence of different views .
Space technology is a kind of highly innovative , highly composite and also highly costly technology .
Its aim is to find out unknown scientific questions and for military use .
The beginning of space technology was in America and Russia .
Then it quickly spread out all over the world .
Nowadays European countries , China , Japan and India all have advanced development in space technology .
Toward this new technique , two opposite opinions exist nowadays .
Governments and scientists think it is worth to spend money and people working on this because it will benefit the whole country .
However , many people think that it is a waste of resources which can be used to improve people 's living conditions .
If we look a little deeper into the causes that lead to the opposite solution , we will find that the focus that specific groups of people pay attention to is , obviously , quite different from each other .
From the governments ' and scientists ' point-of-view , space technology is essential because it is the fundamental thing we need to do to protect our countries and fulfill future needs .
They pay much attention to keep technological developdevelopment moving and concentrate more on huge issues , like military demand , and the future .
That is also the reason why every country tries its best to improve space technology .
Former President of America Reagan even announced the star wars program , although it was given up at the end .
They focus more on current living conditions and the environment .
They simply pay their attention to the surroundings that need improvement to make better living conditions .
With the high cost of space technology development , they will think government focus on this is a kind of waste .
In their opinion , government should spend these money and resources on places which can benefit us .
So , it is not surprising that not all people were satisfied when Chinese Government proudly announced the success of the launching of the Shenzhou-5 spacesuit into the universe .
In conclusion , judgments of technical innovation or development always differ because they are made by different groups of people .
All in all , the differences do really derive from different thinking perspectives .
Because people tend to think about things associated with their own experience and life , different opinions emerge .
Hundreds of years ago , people used to go out riding horses , illuminate the house by candles and start fire using firewood .
And we now go out by buses , light the house by electric lights , start fire using lightersand so on . Nowadays , people live in a very convenient world .
But few may notice that we are facing a serious problem behind all these inventions we are using .
And the shortage of petroleum is the most important issue that we must address .
Why is petroleum very important ?
Without these extracted products from petroleum , cars can not run , planes can not fly , and ships can not be launched .
What What is more , petroleum is a liquid mixture of hydrocarbons which is present in suitable rock strata and is not reproducible for now .
One way is to conserve and save petroleum .
Engineers have come up with some solutions to saving petroleum .
One of the engineer 's solutions is to mix alcohol and petrol together to provide energy .
This solution is now being tested and implemented .
In Wuhan , one of the biggest cities in China , all taxies are operating using this mixed fuel .
When the vehicle starts , it consumes electric power .
That is why we can smell strong petrol when the car starts .
The concept of power system is to let fuel fully used in order to save it .
Hydrogen fuel cell , solar power and nuclear power are the three hottest topics that have interested engineers most .
Research on fuel cell on vehicles was started in early 1960s and it has continuously developed until now .
Most car makers have come out with their own hydrogen fuel cell-powered vehicles .
But hydrogen fuel cell vehicles are still in the testing and implementation phase .
But for the finalized product , the cost should be reduced and the efficiency of the cell should be increased .
The key point in increasing the efficiency of solar power is how to isolate the sunshine .
If this challenge can be solved , the potential of solar power is prodigious .
For nuclear power , it is using the power generated by nuclear fusion .
Nuclear fusion is the same way as the sun in generating its power .
Research on nuclear fusion has been going on for decades , but the progress is not very obvious .
In brief , the energy problem is one of our most serious problems now .
So we need to work on it step by step and follow the right rules to arrive at the best solution to this urgent problem .
However , the above only holds through for those who are not stricken with poverty .
The needs of poor people , most of whom are based in developing countries , are endless .
This is because basic infrastructure is the basis for any country to develop essential facilities like transport , housing and education to help the poor .
The word 'need ' refers to a man 's desire for a certain product or system .
This need is usually identified by the society and may vary from society to society .
Thus , needs which are considered a necessity to some might actually be a luxury to others .
The nomads would prefer to conserve the forests and wildlife so as to be able to carry on with their nomadic lifestyle .
So it is vital for engineers to collect as much information as possible so as to not repeat the mistakes and go down the same slippery slope of their predecessors .
The most logical step after coming up with a few solutions is to pick the best one .
This is actually the decision-making process , after studying the various solutions .
For instance , if a school is being built , based on the land available , few designs would have already been thought off .
Certain schools might be able to hold more students while not proving to be as stable as others that hold fewer students but are very much stronger .
Ironically , this step is one that is followed by most . However , they do not bother to pick out flaws , thus in the end the consumer uses a flawed product .
Possible flaws should be identified so that the product can be improved on later .
In conclusion , I would like to recommend the engineering design process because it is very complete in its steps to provide a solution to those in need .
The establishment of basic infrastructure in developing countries through engineering design will give the poor an avenue to successfully escape from the vicious cycle of poverty .
The world today is experiencing global warming which is caused by the burning of fossil fuels and deforestation .
The first step in the design process is problem definition .
Tapping kinetic energy in wind is a good solution as wind is abundant due to the frequent changes in the atmospheric pressure .
This step announces to engineers that the Earth is in grave danger , thus giving them more motivation to think of a solution .
For example , by defining the problem as the fast decreasing quantity of fossil fuels , engineers gain insight into creating a product which can be used to tap kinetic energy in wind .
Referring to the earlier models of windmills like those built in Sistan , Iran , from the seventh century , which were used to grind rice grains , engineers used the same concept to create wind turbine which converts kinetic energy in wind into electrical energy .
The credibility of the problem needs to be addressed after it has been defined .
The last step in the design process is the testing and implementation of solutions .
The testing and implementation of solutions is closely related to the analysis of the design solution .
Lastly , the testing and implementation of solutions consists of marketability , ergonomics and safety which serve as a check on whether the product is deemed suitable to solve the problem .
Nowadays , engineering design products are everywhere .
Engineering systems play important roles in all fields , for example , entertainment , healthcare as well as education .
Although they are essential for all fields , engineering products and systems in healthcare and medical fields should be given the highest priority since health is the most important thing for all human beings .
Designing of medical products which can make all human beings healthier is obviously important .
On the other hand , people normally spend much more time for entertainment than healthcare .
As a result , there are mass products for entertainment because of high demand .
There are many healthcare products which are available in research organizations but not widely available in the current market .
For example , " Fall Detection System " can detect the fall of persons , especially elder people , and can send instant messages via sms to relatives so that they can get immediate help in critical situations .
As mentioned in the " Global action on aging " website , the number of senior citizens is rising taking care of them imperative .
It is also mentioned that since the number of elderly people is increasing , the burden of caring is also increasing for young people .
Hence , engineering should consider this situation and come out with solutions which will help the elderly and make youth work without worry .
Although there are R&Ds for healthcare products for monitoring and taking care of the elderly , these devices are not widely used in the market .
So , in order to address this situation , engineers should think about ways that can make the design process meet the needs of the market .
One example of a medical system is " Posture Monitoring System " which can monitor body posture all the time and continuously warning the user to maintain the best posture .
Recently in 2009 , Nanyang Polytechnic won a merit prize in the Tan Kah Kee Young Inventors ' Award competition in Singapore through its posture monitoring system . There are also research papers and prototypes of posture monitoring system by R&D from other countries but are not widely available in the current market .
One example of engineering products for the disabled which is mentioned in The Straits Times by Grace Chua is a chair that turns sound into vibrations , invented by NUS PhD student Suranga Nanayakkara This help deaf people experience music and even aid them in speech therapy .
In order to make engineering design products meet needs , first of all , a clear and unambiguous definition of the problem should be defined .
Problems should be widely and clearly defined by engineers , the elderly as well as adults so that more innovative products and ideas come out .
Once alternative solutions come out , engineers need to analyze and decide on the best suited solution to implement .Governments and organizations are also responsible in supporting the R&D process in order to gather information needed , generate multiple solutions , analyze solutions and test as well as implement solutions which are the necessary steps for the design process .
In conclusion , engineers should try to identify ideal situation in the market for their products , for example , the " Fall Detection System " which can take care of the elderly and the " Posture monitoring system " which can help people of all ages to maintain best posture with the help of government and organizations as well as consumers .
And the goal can also be achieved by developing suitable design engineering process for healthcare systems and products .
A human need is a necessity that humans need in order to survive .
According to the World Food Program 's 2008 report , 25000 people are dying every day due to famine and related issues .
A large portion of the deaths comes from Third World Countries like Africa and India .
By using the Engineering Design Process introduced by Seyyed Khandani , a professor at Diablo Valley College , we can reduce famine .
Some factors that contribute to famine famine include political , technological and environmental issues .
The World Food Program ( WFP ) has been providing food and aid to areas affected by famine .
The definition of the problem is straightforward in the beginning : the people are starving , so they must be provided food .
However , for Malawi , the WFP and the World Bank figured out a solution and found out that it is better to donate cash to them ; based on their research , they found out that the country has food resources , but the poor can not afford them .
In the 1990s , the WFP introduced donation of cash and vouchers , and one of the pioneer countries that received this is Malawi .
Thus , providing cash did not only help to solve the famine , it also improved the financial situation of the farmers .
Furthermore , the WFP saved time and cost collecting food and delivering it to the affected areas .
In 1970s , the WFP provided food to India to temporarily solve famine .
During this period , they analyzed the situation to generate other solutions to permanently solve the famine .
According to the design process , the second step is to gather related information , then generate possible solutions .
The first possible solution was to provide genetically modified seeds and fertilizers to farmers , so that they would obtain higher yield .
Before this solution was implemented , they did a further study , and realized that the solution would not work as the farmers were using traditional farming methods which are not yield efficient .
These aids improved the famine situation as it dropped by about 20 % in a WFP 1990s report ; On the other hand , these solutions not applicable to all lands in India as different areas have different types of lands .
For the dry lands , the WFP had to do further researchresearch on water irrigation methods .
One of the solutions was to construct a drainage system from the Indira Ghandi canal to irrigate the dry lands in the region .
Some events like drought , flood and earthquakes cause famine .
Nevertheless , events like deforestation and overgrazing have also affected fertile lands and caused yields to go down .
Governments spend millions and billions of dollars on entertainment and military expenditure yearly , but ththis large amount of money could have been put to good use in helping their own people .
India has increased military spending by 50 % in 2008 , bringing the amount to 40 billion dollars , although 35 % of its people are still affected by famine .
The large amount of money could be invested in the agriculture sector , like using technology to plant seeds that will grow on dry land which will greatly solve the famine .
In conclusion , the WFP can do more research and analysis , like creating genetic modified seeds that can survive in dry or wet land , or an indoor farming center that will shelter the crops from natural disasters , to resolve the famine issue .
In addition , governments can try to allocate more budget to agriculture and research centers than to the entertainment sector , which is not right when people in their own country are suffering .
The last step in the design process is to test and implement the solution .
Taking a small step forward will reduce famine .
Thus , we should do more to help the people are suffering from famine .
Communication is an important part of human development . It allows ideas and information to be disseminated effectively .
Two main driving factors that shaped the innovation of radio are economic and military demands , leading to the usage of radio beyond pure communication .
The first radio set was able to transmit only simple signals , but still it was valuable enough to be used by in maritime work .
An example would be the sending of by the Titanic to the nearest ship requesting assistance before it sank . It illustrated the usefulness of radio as a tool for communication in situations where line communication not possible .
Sending of Morse code via radio set was further popularised by telegraphy which transformed the use of radio into a service much like the postal service .
Telegraphy flourished as it was relatively reliable and much faster than postal service , encouraging more resources to be channelled into the development and research of radio technology .
As the average cost of production declined steadily , the radio set was mass produced leading to the birth of radio broadcasting .
Warnings and announcements regarding weather or disaster evacuation made via broadcasting will greatly help in minimising the casualty rate in a disaster as the masses can receive vital and timely information and instruction even when the cable lines are damaged .
The other factors that have influenced the development of radio will be military demands .
Besides improving on communication , military demands had also led to the invention of radar which uses radio wave in detecting distant objects and getting information such as their location and movement .
From its communication values to other discovered usages , economic and military factors have played a positive role in its overall development .
The invention and development of radio have bettered the society in numerous ways .
Overpopulation is one of the current human needs or challenges that should be given priority .
Size or density of the population affects overpopulation .
In the world where human populations are growing , we should focus on solving the problem of insufficient land to maintain life on earth .
Houses today are stronger , and some of them can withstand natural disaster .
For example in Japan , a country where earthquakes happen often , their engineers try to solve the problem of constructing buildings that can withstand earthquakes .
By using the Khandani Principle , engineers gather pertinent information about earthquakes and manage to implement a solution after several tests have been conducted , called Seismic retrofitting method , where Seismic retrofitting is the changing of an existing building to a structure that is more resistant to ground motion and soil failure due to earthquakes or seismic activity .
Engineers try to solve overpopulation by combining many houses into one building , thus building multi-unit housing , or also known as attached dwellings , has been initiated .
Apartments , barracks , tenements and terrace houses are good examples of multi-unit housing .
Engineers applied the Khandani principle that time ; they defined the problem and gathered enough information to make sure the buildings would not collapse .
For example , in Singapore , where land is very small , engineers built a lot of condominiums and apartments to solve the problem of insufficient houses and managed to save some of the land for other purposes .
However , in the future , the population will further increase , and building more multi-unit housing can not solve the problem effectively .
In my opinion , engineeengineers should focus on upgrading the buildings .
They should build multiple level basements for multi-unit housing and building since we do not really use a lot of the underground space .
Building multiple level basements may cause some other potential problems and engineers should try to solve these .
Engineers have to analyze every possible problem that may occur like water seepage , internal condensation , underground virus and bad acoustics when building more underground levels .
That is why in building more underground level , we need to use the Khandani principle ( 2005 ) that requires engineers to gather a lot of pertinent information from any sources available before implementing it .
In addition , engineers can also improve the stability of buildings so that more levels can be built above them .
The stability depends on the wideness of the base level , the material of the structure and the method of building the structure .
Engineers can increase the width of the base of the structure to support an extra level of building built on it .
Engineers can improve the structures by using stronger material like diamonds , gold , etc. and finding more suitable methods for building a structure .
Engineers need to test the solution before they start to use it .
Hidden problems can be found out by testing them under real conditions
( Khandani , 2005 ) .
If we compare the house 10000 BC to the modern house today , the engineering design process is apparent .
If in the world we do not have such process , engineers may generate solutions that are ineffective or may cause harm to other life forms .
The issue of the depletion of earth 's natural resources has been raised repeatedly throughout recent times .
Singapore , due to its small land size area , also faces the problem of the lack of natural resources .
In order for Singapore to be self-reliant on water , there is a need for Singapore to create portable water resources for its people .
Singapore had tried a number of ways in its bid to shift towards self-reliance on water .
However , these methods are still short of providing for the growing need of water by its people .
The product is called New water .
New water is treated waste water that has undergone stringent purification processes using advanced dual membrane and ultraviolet technology .
The product can be bottled for consumption , or be mixed with reservoir water and will then go through the usual water treatment to produce drinkable water .
This is indeed a product of a system which is engineered to meet the human need for natural resources .
Singapore has been buying water from Malaysia , its neighbouring country , in order to supplement its own water supply .
Secondly , they gathered pertinent information on the technologies and usage of water that is purified from waste water .
They eventually built its first plant after the technology of dual membrane purification matured and the production cost came down .
Thirdly , prior to the implementation of the New Water technology , there were also multiple solutions to the problem of lack of water resources in Singapore .
Solutions included desalination of sea water and damping up more rivers to increase the water catchment area .
The desalination of seawater would require large amount of fossil fuel to run which is another natural resource that Singapore does not have .
Furthermore , the desalination plants would also leave a larger carbon footprint .
Despite these , a desalination plant was still built because of the growing demand .
The damping up of rivers to form water catchment areas was in fact being implemented .
Marina barrage , the newest kid on the block , was formed by damping the marina channel to form a large water catchment area capable of meeting 10 % of Singapore 's need .
However , as Singapore has limited land , we could not go on forever creating water catchment areas from our land .
Therefore , New Water was decided as a solution needed to meet the need for water of the nation .
Finally , in May 2000 , the first New Water plant was completed .
Currently there are 4 New Water plant in Singapore with a fifth on its way .
Bottled New Water was also given out during National events , promoting its use in our daily life .
In conclusion , New Water has been an engineering design which was designed to meet the human need for water particularly in Singapore .
Throughout human history , there are a lot of successful products which have great effect on human life , like television , the cell and so on .
It is not only their high level technology that makes them so successful , but also the fact that they meet the needs of the people .
The electric car , which was first invented by General Motors Company ( GM ) , is such an interesting case .
The invention of electric cars is both a success and failure .
We can analyse it in both social and technological aspects .
The electric car is the product of social reasons .
As we know , an ordinary car 's fuel is gas which has been used since the first car was been produced .
While there exists a problem that the burning of gas gives off poisonous gases and a large amount of carbon dioxide which causes serious air pollution .
Furthermore , as it is mineral resource , the supply of gas is becoming less and less which directly leads to the rise of the price .
Another direct social reason is that in the early 1990s , the California and Arizona state governments had raised a policy which said at least 10 percent of the cars produced in the automobile companies should be environmental friendly , in other words , nonpolluting .
This promoted the research into electric cars .
In the mean time , GM also wanted to use this opportunity to restore their position in the automobile world .
These are the social reasons that did favor to electric car .
With the development of technology , people have more comfortable and beautiful clothes to wear , more enjoyable entertainment to participate in , more delicious food to eat and more convenient transportation .
Nowadays , as our Mother Earth r becomes hotter , human beings ' living condition is greatly threatened by global warming , the issue which is discussed fiercely among scientists .
As engineers we must also take this responsibility to protect our Earth Mother .
It is commonly known that global warming is caused by recent industrial activities years . To be precise it is due to the emission of green house gases ( GHG ) .
In recent years , due to much more frequent industrial activities , the curve of emission of CO2 consequently jumps to a very high point . So does the curve of temperature .
Nowadays , the rising temperature has received much more attention because of some sudden , striking events , for instance , the melting ice in Antarctica , the rising sea level .
As mentioned above , the rising temperature is due to higher emissions of green house gases , so the key to global warming will focus of this issue .
Firstly , we can make use of natural energy instead of fuel.As we all know , burning fuel will emit a lot of green house gases , including CO2 .
However , if we use natural energy , we can not only reduce the emission of green house gas , but also save our resources .
Water energy is also a kind of natural energy which can be exploited by human beings , such as in China .
The Kyoto Protocol signed in Japan is the best example .
In this protocol , the member countries have to reduce a certain amount of green house gas according to the amount of green house gas they produced and the most acceptable way is just reduce industrial activities .
Thirdly , increasing planting areas is also an efficient way to reach our goal , as plants absorb CO2 .
In conclusion , the threat of global warming has come . We engineers need to face it bravely and design products against the climate change .
We have only one Earth Earth . We must never lose her .
As our society progresses human beings get stuck in a dilemma of energy .
On one hand , the energy resources we use now , which are mainly fossil fuels , will be exhausted soon if we continue to consume at the current rate while the use of fossil fuels triggers a series of environmental problems .
On the other hand , the development of society calls for larger and larger amounts of energy , which makes us in desperate need of energy .
In order to develop our society without exhausting all the fossil fuels or sacrificing our environment , we have to find new energy resources to take the place of traditional fossil fuels .
In this case , solar energy stands out as our first choice .
Engineering design plays a significant role in the use of solar energy , especially in solar heating .
In fact , humans had begun to utilize solar energy to heat water as early as 3000 years ago .
The question of how to make an efficient and effective solar heating system is addressed by engineers .
In order to find the solution , engineers spend large amount of time to collect the relevant information , from which they can generate iinspiration , while drawing lessons from the previous work .
Though this preliminary stage appears simple , actually it not only takes a lot of time and calls for patience , but also is the crucial fundamental stage of the solution .
Then engineers come in at core step , that is , the generation of solutions .
First , engineers will decide to make a solar collector which can effectively collect solar energy from the surroundings
Because of the efficient heat conductibility of metal , engineers use a huge piece of metal which is painted black to collect the solar energy .
After that , they build the circulation equipment to make water flow below the metal so that the metal can transmit the heat to water and then people can use the heated water .
Using this solar heating system , engineers also designed certain products widely used in our daily life , such as the solar water heater .
What engineers will do next is test the system and make possible improvements .
It is not stable enough , so people may not be able to use solar energy to heat water whenever they need .
To improve the solar heating system , engineers have added accessorial energy equipment to it such as an heater .
To make an efficient and effective solar heating system , engineers carefully define the problem and collect important information about this issue . Then they generate all the possible solutions . Finally they test the solutions and make changes to improve the solution .
Besides the solar heating system , engineering design is also used in other fields .
Currently , people depend more and more on technology to improve their lives , which stimulates the development of science and technology in reverse .
In my opinion , we should pay most attention to the development of clean energy such as solar energy .
The reason why we should focus on the research of solar energy is that the atmospheric pollution caused by the consumption of fossil fuels is severe , and there is enough solar energy to be used on Earth , , and the diffusion and adoption of solar energy product is satisfying .
In fact , the research of solar energy can be traced back to 1900 .
Although at that time they only focused on solar power plants .
Later , because of the decrease in petroleum and natural gas , scientists paid attention to solar energy again .
today , the process of solar energy research is still quite difficult .
Because of the severe pollution problem , we have to focus on the development of solar energy .
Nowadays , there are already various kinds of solar energy products in the market .
For example , people use solar energy converters to heat up water , which will save an amazing amount of energy acquired through other ways .
Besides , the usage of solar panels should become more and more important in the future .
It is said that if we can cover a place of 40,000 square miles with solar panels , the demand for electricity of the whole world will be satisfied .
Also , solar energy is inexhaustible and we can use it without worrying about polluting the atmosphere , which really solves the problem caused by the consumption of fossil fuels .
In some places of the world , people are accepting solar energy products such as solar energy converters as they think that they are fashionable and pollution-free .
But in cities such as GuangDong and ShangDong provinces in China , people are not so willing to install solar energy converters though the government has forced some buildings to install the converters to save energy and reduce carbon emission .
Some residents in America covered their roofs with solar energy panels and those panels will provide 50 to 80 percent of power consumption in their houses .
Moreover , since the price of solar energy panel is decreasing recently , more and more consumers will think about the usage of solar energy panels .
In the 1980s and 1990s , the research of solar energy fell into the low tide because the price of petroleum fell and solar energy products were too expensive and there was no important breakthrough in the development of solar energy products .
However , since environmental pollution has become one of the most important topics in the world nowadays , we also should pay more attention to clean energy such as solar energy .
The usage of solar energy product will not only save large amounts of energy and solve the problem of energy crisis but also give us a clean world with little pollution .
With the development of the society , our demand for the various commodities keeps increasing .
However , without enough energy to manufacture the products , how can our desire be satisfied ?
Therefore , the current human need to find endless energy source is becoming more and more urgent , so it should be given priority .
To satisfy the current human need , we should use Roger 's Engineering design process to work out a solution .
As we know , most of the energy we are consuming is fossil energy such as coal and oil , which is limited .
If we just depend on fossil energy , how can we live on after hundreds of years years ?
Just a few years ago , America declared war against Iraq with the justification that there were bio-chemical weapons in Iraq .
This war warns us that if we do not solve the energy problems , more wars may be declared in the future .
However , there are many other kinds of energy sources on the earth such as nuclear power , water power and solar power .
Now the problem is how to use these power sources as substitutes for the fossil energy , which means how to convert these power into the energy that can be used by us such as electrical power .
To solve this problem , building electrical powerhouses may be the best choice .
The reason is that electrical power is clean , easily transported and easily stored .
Although making use of nuclear power , water power and solar power seems feasible , there are some reasons that make solar power the most appropriate .
Nevertheless , it can generate such huge power that it is very unsafe .
The strong radiation of the explosion even influenced all of the North Hemisphere .
What a tragedy it was !
We can not guarantee there will be no such kind of explosion any longer if we rely on nuclear power .
Undeniably , the technology of solar power conversion today is still not perfect .
Many improvements should be made to increase the conversion rate and lower the cost of the equipment so it can be utilised .
Compared to other sources , solar power has three big advantages .
Actually , the sunlight is electramagnetic waves .
we already have built some solar powerhouses but we have never heard anything unfortunate happen .
Therefore , for the three advantages above , we can find it really meaningful to develop the solar power technology
Furthermore , during the development of solar power technology , .
Lowering the cost of the application is also very important , otherwise nobody will be willing to adopt this technology .
In conclusion , to maintain the sustainable development of our society , we should give priority to the current human need to develop more energy from various of human society .
Among the diverse energy sources , solar power has the brightest prospect for its non-pollution , safety and infinitude .
From a luxurious entertaining appliance in the early stage of development , television has become an indispensable and ubiquitous thing within every household nowadays .
For instance , a character may be driving a particular type of automobile , wearing a certain kind of clothes , or eating at a particular restaurant chain .
A brand or trademark is sometimes used .
I strongly believe that the benefits television brings to our society are undeniable .
Nowadays virtually all the broadcasters have at least an educational program of their own .
That 's because of the high demand from parents , institutions and educationists .
However , television also has more negative influences on our society than positive ones .
Children addicted to television are associated with obesity , passiveness , health problems and sometimes bad grades .
Inappropriate contents are deemed as another type of danger to the youth .
Violence , sex , drugs abuse , nonsense comics , etc. cause a lot of controversies over the right age of watching them ; and the youth are subject to parental television control , especially when it influences their self-esteem and body image .
With concerned parents , a child can greatly benefit from television programs programs , whereas the child may encounter inappropriate contents if the parents let him or her freely use television .
Adults who spend too much time on TV viewing seem to be dissatisfied people because they try to look for happiness in those programs after a hard struggling day .
However it is usually short lived happiness .
It is disputable whether television has been changing the norms of society .
In conclusion , television has obviously contributed a lot to determine and shape our society , owing to the strong links between its development history and the human 's .
However , well-trained ones are hard to find and they are not always available at times when you need them immediately .
Moreover , some people feel that their privacy is not safeguarded with a translator involved .
In the following paragraphs , the design process of our product will be illustrated to show how we fulfill people 's need to communicate with others speaking different languages .
For the after-sale services , we would establish an official website for the customers to acquire necessary information and post their feedback
We will keep upgrading and modifying our software until our customers are satisfied .
As batteries are not environmental friendly , we have made use of the DC chargers instead .
In addition , we have made the device more portable by minimizing the size and weight .
For example , our device has many components consisting of a scanner , speaker , printer and recorder .
This allows our product to be multi-functional in contrast with an electronic dictionary which has many limitations .
From this example , we can see that we engineers always think from the customer 's point of view and try our best to fulfill their needs .
However , after reviewing all the feedback feedback on our official website , we found that the blind also need it .
There is an old saying which goes " The customerr is god .
It is very different from the normal technologies we have , which resulted from developments aiming to solve specific questions .
They are also different from each other in terms of level of success and how well they solve a problem .
Nonetheless , despite so many differences , they are also similar in that they are both important and can only be discovered by prepared minds .
normal technology is found and developed by following certain procedures .
For example , a problem or need is always first identified , and then people start to brainstorm and think of solutions to the problem .
However , for technologies found through serendipitous discovery , they show complete randomness .
Hence , the two technologies differ from each other greatly in the ways they are discovered .
This is just like what Lawren Block said , the thing one found while looking for something else , usually suited his needs more .
The reason behind this is that serendipitous discoveries cater to solve the problems in more ingenious ways , as they may be the result of some unknown happenings , and they are produced by following some rules of nature we have yet to gain an understanding of , which are mysterious but also powerful .
As Louis Pasteur said , in the arena of observation , opportunities favor only the prepared minds .
When people see some new products or discoveries , especially those close to our daily lives , sometimes they can not help but ask themselves why , when they experienced some similar things , they failed to turn them into innovations or products .
In our daily lives , it is true that we may experience this or that kind of things , but it is only those careful ones , prepared ones , those who always pay more attention to tiny things happening around them and treat these things seriously , come up with ingenious discoveries .
One needs to be prepared to identify a potential serendipitous discovery , as well as to develop a normal technology , so that one does not miss out any important details and gains success in the end .
Thus , we should always be on the lookout , and think more about things around us . Always be prepared .
Engineering is a field of specialization where new products are being invented or where old products are being upgraded or modified .
The main processes during an innovation 's design involves identifying the problem , researching new methodology , developing the new or upgraded product and finally promoting sales of the product .
In fact , problems often occur during the two most critical parts of the designing process which lie during the research and development sections .
The main involvement in the designing process for innovations includes modifying and upgrading existing products .
The improvement of the reverse osmosis process that created NeWater and the development of the 'eco-friendly ' vehicles are examples
These ideas and products came from other countries and Singapore merely took the products and took it to suit her own needs .
For instance , the weapons and equipment used by the Singapore Armed Forces ( SAF ) originated from countries like Germany and the United Kingdom .
Funding and materials are crucial during an engineering design process as trials and equipment are required to gauge and judge the progress and outcome of a development .
Often , some engineering processes lie within a thin line away from some juristic rules .
These rules and regulations are especially strict in Singapore . As a result engineering is often restricted by these limitations which could hamper some bold yet useful innovation ideas .
For example , although Singapore is ranked among the first few countries in development of products in Asia , nevertheless engineers in Singapore have to regularly keep track of the new technologies by discussing with their counterpart from leading countries like Japan and the United States of America .
The lack of knowledge prevents engineers in Singapore from coming out with brand new ideas for innovations .
This problem can be attributed to the upbringing of Singaporean kids .
Instructions on every single detail are given . As a result , Singapore kids are deprived of the chance to think independently .
As they are brought up in such an environment , they naturally will develop a mindset that it is better to follow rules as it will be much more stable and fool-proof rather than trying to think out of the box and create or do something bold .
This is an underlying problem as these kids who will grow up to be engineers will not be able to come up with exciting innovations .
In conclusion , these two main problems basically hamper the research and development areas of engineering design process , Singapore engineers can only at the moment upgrade or modifies existing innovations .
A serendipity find is defined as accidently and unexpectedly discovering something fortunate .
One technology that was discovered by serendipity is the sound-powered telephone .
Unlike a serendipity invention , a product or system that is created or developed , not coming from accidents , but through a series of engineering design processes is a research invention , and a technology developed via research is the mobile phone .
Firstly , compare the usages for both the sound-powered telephone and the mobile phone.They are similar in that both are used for communication .
However , the ways they are used are different .
Unlike a sound-powered telephone , extra functions are included in a mobile phone , such as games , music and a camera for use .
Secondly , the sound-powered telephone differs from the mobile phone in power supplies needed
On the contrary , the mobile phone can not operate without the use of an external power . Normally a battery must be included and charged , so that the mobile phone can be switched on .
Thirdly , in terms of communication efficiency after the connection is established , the mobile phone provides better efficiency than the sound- powered telephone .
on a sound powered phone system , only one person can speak at a time or the signal will become hopelessly garbled . However , a mobile phone 's system allows both sides to input analog signals into the circuits at the same time .
Lastly , for engineers , designing a safe product is a big concern .
The mobile phone emits electromagnetic radiation , which may harm one 's health if used for long period of time .
In conclusion , both technologies are electronic devices . Their main function is the same , that is , to provide people a way to communicate .
Although the sound-powered telephone is less efficient than the mobile phone after the connection is established , it functions as an emergency communication device more often than the mobile phone because it does not require an power source in order to operate it .
The mobile phone has more sophisticated structures and theories than the sound-powered telephone . Hence , the mobile phone emits harmful radiation to users .
In any case , both technologies have greatly improved the convenience in communication in our life .
For the past few centuries , engineers and scientists have been working together , resulting in numerous great discoveries and inventions benefiting mankind in various aspects .
However , as science and technology evolved , they also brought numerous problems .
In this essay , I will be focusing on the environmental issues that were brought about by the improvement of science and technology and how engineering design processes can meet the need
The sudden out-break of these events caused several negative impacts on Earth .
One of the most prominent examples is global warming , a result of the existence of greenhouse gases .
Global warming causes an increase in the average temperature of Earth , which results in major problems such as melting ice caps at both poles , rising sea levels , heat waves and depleting ozone layer .
During the golden period of invention of machinery and industrialisation , machines running primarily on fossil fuels emitted large quantity of greenhouse gases during incomplete combustion of fuels .
It was not until the late 20th century that the environmentalists discovered that the greenhouse gases were harmful and had resulted in adverse conditions on Earth and started countering the pollution .
The Kyoto Protocol , a treaty signed among the countries to lower the emission of greenhouse gases to the environment which started in the 1990 's , was quite a success .
Engineers , on the other hand , invented a product called the catalytic converter that helps to convert the harmful gases to gases that are less harmful to our environment before releasing them out to the environment .
This was a better solution to the problem .
Currently , as engineers , we should work on an advanced model of the catalytic converter , with a higher efficiency and better compatibility with different models of engines which may emit harmful gases .
During the brainstorming stage , engineers should look at the product from various angles ; the possibilities of doing harm to the environment while creating and testing the product product ; the ways to dispose of any toxic or radioactive wastes , and the possibility of exploitation
In conclusion , engineering design processes can meet the need of solving global warming by the improvement of catalytic converters and execution of cautious planning before any other procedures .
However , safety has been overlooked or neglected on many occasions and this has harm to its users .
The five main steps are to define the problem , gather information , generate multiple solutions and analyze and select a solution and finally it .
The first stage of designing a product would be to define the problem using three key points .
However , the criteria of success has to be relooked at for a safer product .
A new can opener has to be safe , light , environmentally friendly and cheap .
statistical research to find out how many are affected , on which part of the user the injuries occur , when do injuries normally occur and who are the affected has to be done to get a better idea of the situation .
Besides that , material research has to be done to understand to what extent can the material harm the user and what alternative materials are .
For example , the lever type can opener is made of cast iron , which makes it bulky for users who end up injuring themselves in an effort to use it .
Once all the information has been collated , the third stage of design process would be to generate multiple solutions .
In design process , existing ideas are torn apart to find the fault in them .
As for the rotating wheel , the necessity to pierce the can first is a nuisance for users and the butterfly opener produces sharp edges on the lid .
Thereafter , new ideas , tools and methods are combined to propose a new solution .
After brainstorming and gathering ideas , the fourth and most crucial step of design process would be to analyse and select a solution .
Four main analyses are used for designing a safer product .
The third analysis , safety analysis , would determine which product has a leading edge over the other products .
The new product has be devoid of sharp parts as well as be able to not leave any sharp edges on the lid .
Description of inherent dangers should also be displayed on warning labels .
To make profits , market analysis has to be done .
After analysing alternative solutions , the most suitable product has to be chosen .
For instance , in this case , the success of safety is twice as important as the success of market analysis , a value factor of 20 will be given to safety and 10 to market analysis .
Value factors are assigned on a of 0 to 100 relative to the importance of other criteria for success .
For example , if a product satisfies the criteria of safety to the maximum it will be given a rating factor of ten and if it satisfies the criteria of marketing by only half , it is given a rating of 5 .
Substantial knowledge of the product and its users will allow engineers to make an accurate evaluation which involves rating safety factors and value factors .
The new product for opening cans will have these four processes before it is introduced to the market .
One such product currently in the market which is safe for opening cans , handy , environmentally friendly and ergonomically stable is the one touch can opener .
It is battery operated and uses a magnet to attach on to the lid while cutting the edges away using an ultra fine blade .
No effort will be futile if executed in the right direction .
The never ending need for safety to humans is an obligation for engineers of tomorrow to fulfill .
Increased confidence in consumers is seen whenever safety is enhanced for products .
When you go shopping , do you usually see the same kind of products which almost have the same functions or even same appearances ?
According to the research done by U.S. Customs and Border Protection , in 2004 the total amount of illegally copied products is 1.39 million and 63 % of products come from China .
In China now , a huge amount of products do not contain any innovative elements and the manufacturing companies just copy the existing patterns .
As these companies manufacture products which copy the basic design from others , the product design process is no longer present for innovations .
There must be some reason .
Obviously , copying ideas and reducing manufacturing cost should hamper the innovative design process .
Some companies in China usually copy basic ideas from others and make use of them for themselves .
In recent years , lots of small companies have appeared in southern China .
They imitate world -famous companies .
For example , some cellphone companies in GuangDong province imitate famous mobile phone such as Nokia and Apple .
In 2008 , the production of this kind of phones was more than 80 million in China .
These phones have the exact appearance designs as big names . Even Even if you look at them for the first time you can not identify which are produced by NOKIA and which are copied .
In order to reduce input and gain more benefits , some companies pay very little attention to design process because that design process always costs lots of money .
Therefore , they have to simplify their products or just copy them from others .
As a result , design process just follows the previous pattern and no innovation is created during the design process stage .
As mentioned above , innovation design process will be hampered if companies copy ideas from others to reduce manufacturing costs
It is so important that innovation design should be present anywhere .
In today 's global competitive market , a product 's functionality is not the only thing customers are looking out for .
Products must not only serve their functions but must look good on the surface .
It does not take long for one to realize that products must have their own unique design in order to be relevant in the market .
The remuneration is simply not enough to lure players into the market to produce and design their products .
Firstly , foreign goods are often established brands which appeal to the local market .
Secondly , certain goods , especially technological products , are much cheaper when imported from overseas .
This has resulted in the low demand for locally designed products and often discourages engineers to continue in their innovations .
Before the product is implemented , it is important that the product is tested first .
The lacks of land area to build suitable facilities to test products is an obstruction to engineers .
Since 2004 , the National University of Singapore 's ( NUS ) , School of Engineering 's Formula Society of Automotive Engineers ( FSAE ) has been building racing cars and representing Singapore in competitions against other universities from other countries .
Beside the lack of facilities , engineers are constrained by the strict regulations imposed by the Governement .
The team from FSAE could only test- drive their cars within NUS ' compounds and in the United States where competitions were held .
The team from FASE will have to seek approval from different agencies which is often very time-consuming .
In conclusion , Engineering Process Design is a comprehensive guide for engineers who have no idea about how to go about designing a new product .
However , in Singapore , engineers will find that they will meet some problems that may hamper the design process .
For those who successfully designed their products , they are met with another problem-- the lack of facilities to test their products and the inflexibility of the Government 's regulations .
It can not be denied that some people in certain areas are still struggling around the poverty line . However , , most of the citizens of the world believe that our living conditions are becoming better and better .
But behind the prosperity , we are facing some great challenges , or , put another way , some urgent problems which may affect the rise and fall of mankind .
Among those problems , the limitation of resources is a source of concern for our society .
Firstly , scientists and engineers have been focusing on using wind and solar power for decades .
The most well known examples may be the solar water heater and wind powered electrical generator .
To put it more specifically , the solar water heater can take the place of other kinds of water heaters run on coal gas .
So , besides the reasons above , it is also very cheap to use these renewable resources so users can get a lot of economical benefits from that .
Secondly , some of the technologies are still being tested .
These two resources are restricted by geographical position and climate .
For instance , the car is one of the most important transportation means in the world . However , , new research has proven that the existing extra petroleum can only be used for another eighty to ninety years .
Engineers are trying to solve the problem of what we will use after the petroleum runs out .
But even engineers have reached limited success . The solar-powered car they can produce is still far from the standard of civil transport
Last but not least , engineers are trying hard to make their dream a reality .
They have plans to build a power house in space because it is easier to get more solar energy and convert it into electricity more efficiently .
With their great efforts , I will not be surprised to see a totally different world in the future .
So to sum up , we have a bright future for renewable resources and the problem of limited resources will worry people no more .
" Is this statement a false prophesy or a reality that has yet to come true ?
Natural resources around the world are being depleted at an alarming rate which has led to numerous debates and interventions by environmentalists , in a bid to reduce the amount of resources extracted and employed by mankind .
One such example is the purification of water to make it potable .
According to statistical figures from a United Nations Organisation ( UNO ) publication , the global population consumes approximately 3000 cubic metres of water daily .
As a result , there is an increasing need for newer , greener and more cost-effective purification methods so as to provide massive amounts of clean and affordable drinking water for all parts of the world , especially in less-developed countries .
For example in Singapore , the government recognised that she has to be more self-reliant and self-dependent on her water supplies so as to mitigate any difficulties faced in times of contingency and emergency .
As such , large emphasis and investments have been invested into this initiative since then .
This example shows that through the proper implementation of engineering design framework and application of modern technology , the current human need for securing clean and cheap drinking water can be achieved with a high degree of success .
As a result , both human and technology have an important role to play in the quest of satisfying human needs .
According to E.M. Rogers , writer of " Diffusion of innovations " , in general , there are six stages of innovation-development process .
Some of them are determined by the technology perspective or social factors , whereas some include government involvement .
One important technology that Rogers mentioned is the innovation of the refrigerator in 1930 for electric and gas refrigerators .
When people did a comparison on both types , the latter has a better advantage over the first . and they were expecting the gas refrigerator .
But it did not capture the consumer market .
The main reason for this was because of the investment , consideration and decision made by the corporations involved in this project .
They believed that they would make more profits from electric refrigerators and thus marketed it to the public .
As a result , it turned out that technology in electric refrigerator was available to the consumer instead of the consumer 's choice .
Another example of a social problem leading to government and scientist involvement is the safety issue with automobiles in the United States .
In 1960 , the annual fatality due to vehicles reached 50,000 and drew the government 's attention to the safety ie on the transport system .
A survey was conducted between the specialized researchers ' and public 's view of the traffic safety problem .
It was found that the research team did n't agree with the public view and claimed that it was an individual-blame perspective .
As a conclusion from conducting researchers , professors , government officials and insurance company executives , the research on safety measure became due to system-blame perspective and thus engineers redesigned auto vehicles and restructured highways .
As a consequence of both the above cases , , the technology did not become the way the consumers expected and the solution for solving social problems was redirected .
Most of them varied along the process due to several factors and thus led to a different type of innovation .
From my point of view , no matter what the sequence of innovation-development process , as long as there is a new invention , it was invented to benefit all mankind .
Technology has improved so rapidly in the past century that men have tread into outer space and harvested enormous amounts of energy from minute quantities of nuclear material . Yet there still exists the problem of food shortage .
Like what Seyyed Khandani said , " You start with existing solutions to the problem and then tear them apart-find out what is wrong with those solutions and focus on how to improve their weaknesses " ( 2005,p11 )
By constantly improving on the process , gene modification modification can be improved to the extent of meeting the strict requirements for human consumption .
Engineering design processes also involves branching into different areas of study and combining existing technology to create new ones .
Seyyed Khandani mentioned a process called synthesis , which is to integrate ideas , equipment and processes to create new solutions ( 2005 , p11 )
In spite of the increase of research and development in recent years , a significant amount of discoveries and innovation are still being made by people outside of laboratories .
These kind of unconventional environments are commonly referred to as skunkworks environment .
However , we would define it more broadly to include all research done without external aid .
As mentioned by E.M. Rogers in his article The Birth of the Laptop Computer at Toshiba , Tetsuya Mizoguchi ,who came up with the idea of developing a mobile computer , had to go " underground " after his proposal was rejected by his superiors .
As his idea was unconventional , his company did not want to allocate resources to this unknown territory .
In order to continue his research , he secretly used money from his company and transferred engineers from other projects to carry out his research .
After 2 years of research , they created their first prototype that progressed to change how computers around the world were used
Indeed , the huge impact brought about by Mizoguchi is shown by IDC 's forecast that laptops would represent 66 percent of corporate purchases , with 71 percent of consumers opting for a notebook instead of a tower by 2011 .
Also , care was taken to ensure all the water treatment procedures were widely acceptable .
Although it has resulted in a resounding success , the technology has not been widely implemented due to patents of the technology being filed by the parent companies .
For example , the engineers of General Motor 's ( GM ) R&D unit in Detroit were able to create aesthetically pleasing and highly efficient automobiles that ran entirely on battery power ( Rogers 2003 ) .
Similarly , bio fuel studies made independently by many researchers found that it could be used to replace fossil fuels .
One of the techniques involved in developing fast-growing trees that can grow to full size in just 10 years to generate the bio fuel .
In conclusion , in spite of the various inherent differences of conventionally generated technologies and innovations from skunkworks , revolutionary or conservative , both share various similarities such as providing possible but not definite solutions to our problems .
It is by complementing each research 's advantages that we may be able to discover ways to solve future problems .
The Innovation-Development Process , as defined by E.M. Rogers , essentially 'consist of all the decision , activities and their impacts that occur from recognition of a need or a problem through research , development and commercialization of an innovation ' ( Rogers , 2003 )
This process is further broken down into 2 perspectives , technologically or socially determined .
It allowed user to 'see ' each other as they talked .
Firstly , the picture phone aimed to allow both users on the phone to feel closer to one another , as they could now see each other over the phone .
However , it was this very concept which backfired , as users of the phone felt privacy intrusion to their way of life .
It was far more expensive to own and upkeep such a phone , and even with the monetary ability to own such a machine , technology at that time did not allow for a smooth transmission of data to the phone , as pictures were transmitted once every 2 seconds .
This generally played a part in the decline in product demand in the market and hence less consumers were willing to fork out the money for the phone .
) in the 1960s , when the majority of the world 's super powers were still in the production and manufacturing industry .
It was not until the 1990s that governments across the world poured in vast amounts of resources into researching faster and better broadband networks . This in turn saw the sharpest rise in broadband speed and decline in cost of becoming a broadband user .
In a broad sense , the shift of governmental focus allowed for the booming of video calls function as it is now much affordable .
In conclusion , the world today is better equipped with the relevant infrastructure and network to facilitate the use of such a device , a 'picture phone' .
This spin off effect from such development has proved to us that social determinants have definitely been playing a huge role in moulding the development of our technology .
Humankind has been inventing more effective and useful equipment by applying advanced techniques .
For example , since the first airplane successfully flew in the sky , people have been master of the theory of flight which makes the dream that people can fly come true .
Then , in the following years , many better planes were produced to satisfy peoples ' requirements .
Generally speaking , intended research to pursue development is similar to serendipitous discovery in terms of the aim and contribution to human society .
First of all , the aim of technology which was developed with research is to explore some useful things and attempt to reach the unknown scientific area in order to solve the problems in the real world .
For example , people have spent a great amount of money to reach Mars to explore the mysterious outer space even though the probability of helping make improvements for the Earth is low .
Similarly , serendipity is the effect by which one accidentally discovers something fortunate , especially while looking for something entirely different .
Hence , the result of serendipitous discovery also helps explore unknown things and places .
In addition , both technology that was discovered by research and serendipitous discovery contribute to the human society .
Specifically , the majority of technological innovations are developed by scientific research based on knowledge , research and application in practice .
Achievement requires a lot of work and thus would take a long time .
In contrast , serendipitous discovery seems very fortunate because people receive unexpected things which are always beneficial for human society .
For example , Sir Alexander Fleming discovered the first antibiotic penicillin when he was doing research on biological materials .
Similarly , DDT was discovered by accident in the 1930s , when a Swiss chemist , Paul Muller , was trying to find a way to protect woollen clothes against moths .
In conclusion , people always try their best to make inventions to solve problems encountered in real world .
Continually doing research on different scientific areas is one main aspect to discover what humankind desires .
Both fulfill useful functions in human society .
Truly speaking , people may prefer serendipitous discovery for its convenience , though it is more difficult to achieve .
Comparison and contrast of two technologies innovated in these two different ways gives us many interesting features of innovations to ponder over .
A classical example for a technology invented serendipitously is the discovery of Warfarin , the most effective rat poison in the world
In due time , it was found that the cattle herds were dying rapidly .
When the cattle blood was analyzed in the lab , a hemorrhaging agent called Coumarin was isolated .
Further experiments and tests helped the bioscientists to discover the beneficial effects of this agent for surgery and other purposes .
In this case , the issue gained high priority in Congress , thanks to the help of Ralph Nader 's " Unsafe at Any speeds " .
Every detail of the bill passed was carefully constructed , keeping in mind the status quo .
However in the case of the serendipitous innovations , there is no exact driving force .
Sets of experiments accidentally yield results which prove to be significant .
Who would have thought that an apple would be enough for a man to develop the concept of mechanics and gravitation ?
But today , without them , our survival seems questionable .
Engineers have been designing products or systems to improve our daily lives life .
The process has constantly developed new technology that helped to solve problems of human like making travel to countries faster and comfortable by planes .
That problem is to make drinkable fresh water available to everyone in the third world countries .
The engineering process involves defining the problem , gathering pertinent information , generating multiple solutions , analyzing and selecting solutions and testing and implementing the solution , as quoted from Kandani ( 2005 ) .
Water covers 71 % of the earth 's surface and water from the oceans take up 97 % of the total percentage of surface water .
( Wikipedia ) Even though water seems to be everywhere , only a very small percentage of water is drinkable .
There are also many places in the third world countries where drinkable water is not available due to lack of rainfall and pollution in the water sources .
Third world countries ' governments know that there is a need to solve the water shortage problem .
However , developing new and clean water technology needs large amounts of money .
This money can be put to better use like getting medication for their people .
Another possible reason for the problem could be pollution from industries .
Inland water sources are being polluted by factories which dump chemical waste products into the water sources , which make the water source unfit for drinking .
Since inland water sources are being polluted and not fit for drinking , oceans , which cover a large area on earth are another possible option .
In order to make the extracted water fit for drinking water standards set by World Health organization ( WHO ) , engineers will include a process that add nutrients into it .
However , this solution can only help to solve the problem in the long run if only the water catchment areas are free from pollution .
The result might not be an immediate effect , as it takes time for natural rainfall to fill up the reservoirs .
Lastly , Engineers can do some testing on desalinating seawater into drinkable water after they have drafted a cheap and affordable desalination process for the third world countries to purchase .
The results from the testing will be sent to WHO for approval for desalination plant to be built for producing drinkable water in the area .
If the technology is newer than the previous old desalination process , the engineers might be able to get it patented so the price for this new technology will be affordable to everyone .
This process is applicable to producing clean water from seawater , which helps solve water shortage problems in certain countries .
The process is able to identify the problem , understand why it is still not solved , produce solutions to it and get it work in an engineering way .
Automobile vehicles played an important role in this modern world as humans rely heavily on them as a main type of transport for travelling .
Firstly , the rise of the automobile industry started as early as the nineteenth century and the First World War acted as a catalyst to speed up the research and development processes of automobile vehicles .
This was so as during the war , there was a rise in demand for automobile vehicles to transport soldiers and supplies to the front line .
It was also used for combat purposes .
Funding and incentives were given to companies to improve automobile technology as whichever countries with the more advanced technologies had a higher chance of winning the war .
Secondly , the development of automobiles vehicles were encouraged and limited by government policies and regulations .
Most places are accessible by roads . This in term boosted the sales of automobiles .
With the rising sales of cars , consumers had more demands ; manufacturers spent more money on research and development so as to give their customers more choices .
Besides constructing roads , governments gave tax rebates to companies that were heavily involved in research and development projects .
Speed limits and safety regulations set by governments are also factors to be considered when designing and developing new technologies .
Automobiles manufacturers took advantage of these situations and limitations to evolve their products technologies to another level .
Finally , all the research and developments of technology depend on economic factors .
This is so that no investor would be willing to fund a project that does not make money .
Hence , when engineers make improvements to enhance the technological aspect of automobile vehicles , they have to consider the interests of the company .
The technical aspects of cars depend heavily on production costs .
Hence , technology is actually a product of society and is influenced by the norms and values of the social system .
The greatest priority of companies is to ensure that projects that they are involved in have great profit potential .
Toshiba is the first brand to have laptops known by many people .
But did you ever know that the invention of the laptop was not supported by the top executives of Toshiba at that time ?
Indeed , there are always some innovations which were created in a skunkworks environment .
However , many other innovations were created in a conventionally generated environment .
The first example is the engineer of Toshiba who wanted to create a laptop ( Rogers , 2003 , pp 144-146 )
Although he discovered the urgent need of smaller and portable computer in Japan .
However , at that time , Toshiba 's marketing situation was not good and the company did not want to risk a new concept of product .
Fortunately , Mizoguchi did not give up .
Otherwise , our laptops may not be as good as they are now. .
Moreover , he diverted funds and found engineers himself to fulfill his idea of creating the laptop .
The good thing was that after all his hard work , he finally proved to Toshiba that his invention was very useful and sold very well .
After that , he became one of the chiefs of Toshiba .
On the other hand , conventionally generated technology , like the development of electric cars in California and Arizona , was regulated by government ( Rogers , ( 2003 ) pp .
Companies had to do research on how to manufacture them and make them be loved by consumers .
Although the whole process of making the car is very tough , the engineers were supported by companies , the government and society all the way .
After briefly knowing the cases of both situations , let 's examine their differences first .
The first difference is that engineers working in a skunkworks environment did not have much support from public or organizations , while conventionally generated technology received a lot of help from society and companies .
The second difference between these two cases is that the idea of innovating the laptop came from the inventor himself , while the electric car issue was a requirement by the government .
This difference may not be necessary , but it is quite obvious that people in skunkworks environments are more likely responsible for their own ideas .
First and the most important is that those innovations all promoted development of the society .
Secondly , no matter how much help they had received , they all did their best to present their best works .
No matter what difficulty they faced , they did their best to deal with it and finally solve it .
In conclusion , the first difference between a skunk works environment and a conventionally generated environment is the differences between finances , technology , equipment , resources and people 's attitude towards them .
The second difference is the source of the idea .
The similarities are those innovations all promoted the development of society and they did their best for the creation of their product and dream .
In Singapore , innovations in engineering design have been in the cold when compared to leading countries like Germany or Japan .
In my opinion , there are two problems that have led to this situation : Our education structure as well as the shallow engineering heritage that we have .
Firstly , the education structure in Singapore is too rigid and does not promote the creativity of students .
The majority of our Singaporean kids will go through primary school and graduate with a PSLE certificate certificate , follow that up with a secondary school education in either the express , normal academic or normal technical stream .
This streaming system however , however , was largely based on the students ' abilities to cope with the standard subjects on language , math , science and humanities instead of the interest of the students in terms of arts , science or other humanities like literature .
In their eyes , creative students who want to make it into the arts stream were just rotten apples who could n't do well in their standard subjects .
As a result , creativity , which is the key to innovation , is n't developed since young for many Singaporeans .
Aside from having many labor intensive industries during the 1970s , our focus of engineering was more towards money making opportunities rather than research and development .
Germany has been famous for their innovative and precise engineering in their automotive industries since the 1920s .
Japan on the other hand , is famous for its creative and remarkable ideas for anything that it manufactures
Singapore , however , is famous for our clean and green country , which was basically the work of blue-collared workers cleaning up the streets during the early hours .
Singapore 's emphasis on commercial gains rather than innovations was largely influenced by the fact that we were a trading hub since British rule .
Chinese merchants , Indian spice traders and Malay rubber traders involved in the trading market were the backbone of our country 's growth .
Our innovations came in the way that they tense business instead .
In conclusion , even if we are able to solve the education structure problem , it will still take a few more generations of Singaporeans before we can start to see results for our engineering innovations .
We will then be able to catch up with countries like Germany or Japan and be labeled as a country with innovative engineering .
The gas refrigerator uses an ammonia refrigerant which is vaporized by heating with a gas flame .
They apply the complicated theories and knowledge to practice to benefit our life .
Although my home country , China , has been developing very fast and achieved tremendous success since the implementation of open and reform policy , especially in the field of engineering design processes of innovations , there are still a lot of problems or obstacles lying on the way to further success .
In my home country , a large number of great ideas or inventions are made almost every day , but few of them are put into practice to benefit us .
They just repeat what others have done before , and have little idea what innovation is about .
Although the government is try to improve it , so far the result is not satisfactory .
In a nutshell , the two main problems what hamper the engineering design processes for Innovation in my home country are corruption , which will probably kill the innovation in the process of execution , and education , which makes the youth less creative that their peers in other countries .
Have you ever observed your surroundings , for examples telephones , computers , fans , iPods etc. Those all came into being through the creative application of technology , and do not appear from nowhere .
The majority of the engineering designs are categorized as inventions-devices or systems . they did n't exist before or are the improvements over existing devices or systems .
The solution to the design problem requires step-by step methodology , and normally the activity is an iterative process .
Next I will illustrate more in detail how engineering design processes can meet that need by using one of a current human need that should be given priority - Eco Car .
We all know that the vehicles are running by the petroleum fuel , because of the rapidly increasing of the petroleum prices due to lacking of the material , and it is predicted will running out in few decades , this issue leads us to look for a new material to replace petroleum has become enthusiastic among the engineering fields .
Collecting information is the next thing we are focusing on .
In this stage , developing a problem statement is necessary .
We should keep asking ourselves questions , in order to discover mistakes and also to help in redefining of the problem , such as : is the hydrogen is only the material we need to consider ?
When it comes analyzing and selecting solution , here we need to decide which solution is best suited for implementation to the problem .
Even even though it meets all the criteria but fails at one of them , it is still considered a failure .
Besides that , economic and market analysis , to analyze how people feel in this Eco car , are they willing to pay for a car the top speed of which is only 40km/h ? Lastly is the decision making and give rating to each design alternative against the stated criteria .
There are several considerations to be considered , such as prototyping , concurrent engineering and the distinct activities that might happen during implementation like , documentation , applying for patents .
Because without having a proper testing at all stages in the process , you may find yourself in trouble later on .
Design activity is cyclic and iterative , it will continually repeat to the five step processes , until the best design has appeared .
pursuing patents is not easy as they take a long time period of time to process , requiring large amount of money .
Things that people had never imagined 2 centuries ago have become a normality nowadays .
We will discuss computer technology compared to the discovery of penicillin which is a serendipitous discovery .
This fact illustrates that not only the discovery has to be successful but also it has to be accepted by society .
In the end , a serendipitous discovery will be just as good as echnology discovered by research as long as it serves the purpose of contributing to the society and making lives better .
After brainstorming all the possible solutions , solar energy stands out as the best solution .
However , one problem that may hinder this invention is the use of costly equipment and the selection of the wrong peak sunshine data .
The education issue also involves the cost of schooling , " Even when schooling is ostensibly 'free ' studies have shown that parents incur other direct costs such as activity fees , uniforms , paper and pens ( including texts and excise books ) , transport , lunches , expenses for boarding and others which often result in the exclusion of poor children from school " ( Chimombo , 2005 ) .
Specifically , two problems from social and technological aspects are emphatic .
Under such a stressful circumstance , students learn knowledge only for examinations .
Therefore , most students neglect practicing their capacity of learning , communication skills , using logical methods to get information , and so forth .
However , only a minority of the experts can make efforts on design process in China .
First and foremost , the in China is not conducive enough to cultivate students ' ability of innovation .
This has caused the shortage of talents in both quantity and quality .
Moreover , to create a new product needs the cooperation of many people .
From the until this modern world of technology , many inventions and innovations have been made so as to suit our lifestyle .
However , in my home country- Malaysia , there are some obstacles that hold back engineering design processes for innovation .
Eventually , all the products such as computer software more or less have the same functions , it is just that return on investment in product development would be far higher if multiple versions or multiple products were taken into account .
This problem causes us to fail to recognize the opportunity to convert resources optimally so as to meet our objective , which is to meet desired needs of the public .
But the most important reason is , when engineers do not investigate a reusable product , they will eventually create the same structural product without improving its properties .
Unfortunately , this expertise tends to work in other countries instead of staying back after graduation .
This is because foreign companies are willing to offer them higher position and satisfying salary compared to local companies .
The lack of human resources brings great impact on our country 's economic growth .
Hence , the economic model for one off development and limitation of human resources should not be obstacles for our country 's progress .
The scheme would provide advice on how a green building should be built and what additional features should be included .
All these guidelines will save electricity and reduce environmental impact as well .
For example , although the air conditioning system in a library can not be switched off at night due to the moisture content in the atmosphere , they can be set to a higher temperature or part of the units can be switched off automatically at night .
Other than dedicating land area for greens , gardens can also be built on the balconies , facades and even the roofs of buildings !
To sum up , there should be gardens in every town and parks in every estate to allow a good ratio of renewing air supply in the atmosphere .
Nowadays , the living standards of human beings has been improved due to the changes in time .
Therefore , the requirements of people in terms of technology has increased .
In my home country , I feel that the 2 main problems that hamper the engineering design processes for innovation are the lack of government support in engineering innovative design area and social problem .
Some may seek other solutions such as for those who can afford the fees will go overseas for better education , and work there , as they will have more exposure and opportunity to in design .
Whereas for those who could not afford to study overseas for higher education , may end up in give up their ambition .
Besides that , the export rate of Malaysia 's products would also be heavily affected , such as the automobile sector , as it would slowly be outclassed by other innovative products from other countries .
With this , if nothing has been done to solve it , in future the engineering sector in Malaysia would be seriously affected , compared to other more advance country .
Technology is the power to make a country country strong .
Since then , it has become a big task to implement the strategy of putting a lot of effort in technological advancement .
In this paper , I will discuss two basic causes : education problem and economy problems , and explain the effects these two problems cause .
First , education is a big issue that the government should improve to make citizens more talented and creative .
Overall , the productivity level in China is not high , and the socialist market economy has established initially .
compared to some developed countries which have advantage in economic scientific , we will suffer more predictable and unpredictable risk .
Government should advocate education for all-round development to all the schools , and put more money into scientific development .
Being a country with a relatively small market dominated by large companies and a low spending consumer base , it is extremely difficult for new products to penetrate into the market and capture consumer attention without insufficient financing .
However , there has been a lack of government support for such projects mainly due to defense expenses .
The second reason that I feel makes it difficult for new engineering innovations to be successful is the large number of professionally qualified Sri Lankans migrating to other countries .
The workers they have dismissed are not just just the the operators , part of them are research engineers .
In addition , to reducing their expenses they even temporarily suspended all the research and develop process .
The employee may think research and development is a costly investment and a lot of uncertainty process .
The second problem that hampers engineering design in Malaysia is lack of technology systems .
Most of the waste gases contain a lot unhealthy chemical compounds that harm for human body and pollute the air quality .
As a result , their factories were not allowed to continue the manufacture process .
They need to wait for few months to few years to import the new system form other country to continue the research process .
Due to the lack of funds there is money to hire research engineering , research equipment and materials on experiment .
In addition , the lack of fund also will affect the initial stage identify the need of the consumers there is no fund for conduct survey .
Besides the effect on financial problem , outdated technology systems used in Malaysia also will cause the research process either defer for a long period or stuck there .
Ever wondered why some brilliant engineering creations are not as important in our life compared to creation like the microwave oven ?
The microwave oven changed our way of living for the better better , providing us with so much convenience , with just a click of a button plus a considerably short waiting time , we could stir up a dish with no mess and no hassle .
Next , solar cells are what make up the solar panel and it is not surprising that this new technology is of high market value .
Additionally , , solar cells are of delicate piece of engineering , environmental pollutions can degrade the solar cells and the lifespan of these cells are of no better , they can be very random from few months due to loose connections or two decades if properly taken care of .
The road systems in many villages and cities in India are either incomplete or done to dissatisfaction .
Innocent people & children get hurt in the riots and even die .
The public can not get better living standard because of political corruption & political parties as they stop the engineer 's projects & ideas for better living lifestyle .
The disapproval of ideas due to fiscal reasons is one of the problems .
Firstly , the problem of the system of education has always been an obstacle for many aspects , especially in Engineering where creativity and innovation should be privileged , where the personal and original opinion should be highly respected , that is why we have to analyze to its core .
" ( MYE forum , 08/06/2006 , para.1 ) .The quality of infra-structure and education serving tools are that low . The same goes for the quality of teaching , but the main point here is the ones who have the right to change and improve that entire thing hardly taking a concern .
Besides , the statistics show no reduction in the number of times a company in Viet Nam has to pay taxes , which can reach up to 32 times per year ( Tri Duong , GeographyIQ , cited in PHP news in Viet Nam 2009 , para.10 ) .
In addition , the weakness in governmental management is also reflected in the brain-drain problem of Viet Nam .
From all the analyses above , we can see through the direct causes which influence the engineering design processes and innovations are the weakness in the administration of education system and governmental structure .
Some people find it difficult to do so and interestingly enough , they even take courses to learn to be creative .
Little do these people know that they are already embedded with this ability ever since they were born .
If they were to think like a Singaporean , it would be unlikely that we have the airbus flying in our skies .
Undoubtedly , China has emerged as the world 's technological and industrial giant in the last two decades .
As a result , without promoting and inculcating the significance of being creative , engineering design processes will be hampered from the beginning .
Even if passionate engineers get together and plan to launch a project , it is very difficult to get sponsorship .
Moreover , there is lack of role models for young engineers in China .
The first problem , is , would be our lack of experience and development in engineering and innovation .
While such mindsets ensure a relatively stable life for us and our families , they promote contentment and impede self-improvement .
These problems comprise , insufficient funds , insufficient resources , design may not be aesthetically pleasing to be selected and copyright infringement .
Of these four identified problems , I will highlight two of them and the effects that they had on certain stages of the process .
The lack of funds can lead to the disruption of the progress of an engineering design process .
The impact that each problems had , can affect gravely on the progress of the engineering innovative design and they should be well- planned .
During innovation development process , there are two groups of people ; they are technologically deterministic and socially deterministic .
The development of telephone tells us that it was socially was determined rather than society being technologically determined .
Among these problems , the two major problems are financial problems and technical problems .
Moreover , it costs a lot to build a modern working environment and high-tech facilities .
The education system in Malaysia shows too little concern for the engineering design academia .
People lack knowledge and information in engineering design , thus they are not able to deal with current and future practical problems .
On the other hand , Malaysia lacks skillful labor and this has resulted in an inefficient production of creative innovations .
The next step of defining the problem involves developing a problem statement which allows us to specifically address and successfully meet the need to have sufficient food .
Well , technologies are there to supposedly to improve our way of life .
Smaller companies were unable to match these giants and thus remained stagnant .
With the lack of advertising , their products were poorly accepted in the market .
Besides companies are influenced by potential profitability and having gained access to better funding , social factors also play a part .
These coolants are not used by electric refrigerators .
In this new era of globalization , we must not deny the importance of implementation of design in the engineering problem solving processes .
These two are strongly related and without a designing mind , engineers definitely can not solve a problem based on engineering knowledge .
Nowadays , people have a misconception that design is just simply the planning that lays the physical shape and pattern of every object or system .
But the truth is that engineering design is the decision-making process , in which the basic sciences , mathematics , and engineering sciences are applied to converge resources optimally to meet a stated objective .
For instance , in designing a car , internal combustion engines are specifically configured to work optimally and therefore the design of components such as cooling system and piston engine valves should be taken into consideration .
However , in our very own country , Malaysia , some problems have arisen which significantly hamper the engineering design processes for innovation and these have resulted in severe impact on certain stages of the process .
The most common factor which contributes to the failing of the process is the insufficient fund provided to complete the whole process the process includes the definition of problems , narrowing of research , finding of several alternative solutions , determination of the most possible solution and lastly the making of the decision .
If no fund is provided , such a process can not be completed .
This can be explained because in order to determine the most possible solution in engineering design process , we have to conduct many experiments and these experiments require materials for which money must be injected into the project .
However the selling of their cars simply could not overtake the sales of other imported cars such as Honda and Mitshibitsu .
This is simply due to the fact that it is not efficient and well designed enough to compete among all cars , which is the cruel truth that is recognised by every Malaysian .
This is based on the fact it reflects the insufficient investment by Proton 's shareholder in Malaysia compared to total equity owned by big corporation .
With the money big corporations possess , they are able to conduct Research and Development of their own product and at last launch the product which is efficient and generates greater revenue compared to other smaller competitors .
Another root problem that hampers engineering design process is the lack of education for engineers about engineering design knowledge during their tertiary education .
Knowledge taught during lecture is not enough to develop students to think creatively and determine alternative solutions from problems that arise .
Furthermore there is none or simply only a few research laboratories that are set up on campus to encourage undergraduates to determine during experiment .
Therefore exposure to definition of problems is not extensive enough to allow students to find other possible problems by themselves .
In conclusion , the engineering design process is important to meet complex challenges in the world such as global warming and all types of pollution .
Fund must be injected into projects in order to execute the process .
Lastly , the education system must be reviewed in order to solve such challenges and bring us a new generation of engineers who are able to devise innovations guided by the perspectives of a true designer .
Instead , they have switched their attention to production mode which involves much technological innovation .
But , I would like to unveil two essential factors , which are the managerial problem of state-run enterprises and the lack of intellectual property protection .
Regarding the first problem , it is of high importance that we investigate the background of leaders in state-run enterprises .
The leaders are directly appointed by the central government .
Interestingly , the criteria are not about how much marketing experience or managerial ability the person has .
Thus , many important positions in an enterprise belong to government officers , which as a result , makes the enterprise like the government .
In addition to the problem of leadership in state-run enterprises , the problem created by the monopolistic status of state-run enterprises also can not be neglected .
As far as I am concerned , monopoly is prevalent among state-run companies .
In this way , they are not subject to fierce competition in the markect .
The consequence is that a large number of the employees treat theirs jobs as " iron rice bowl " , which means the job is secure .
There is no worry for being dismissed due to laziness .
In this way , the whole company is corrupted and becomes obsolete .
With regard to the next problem , the protection of law and raising of public awareness must come into play .
Moreover , the law enforcement is still weak and punishment for violating the law is not severe enough .
In addition , there are many cases of stealing of innovations or some famous brands .
For example , even though the brand " Qsing Dao " beer was set up in China , it was an American businessman who first registered the brand .
The hard work of the company for so many years was all gone , which is devastating to innovation of engineering design .
In conclusion , the factors that hamper the innovation of engineering design come from both inside and ouside of the enterprises in China .
We have to understand the system as a whole and not look only at one aspect of the system to try to understand it .
In the past , solar energy was not readily accepted because of its technical challenges such as , weight of the integrated chip , expensive research , lack of technology know how , shortage of device as some devices had to be imported .
However , it is safer , cleaner and considered more environment friendly .
With the increase of oil prices , there are many technologies that have been created to solve the climbing of black gold .
The discovery and the development of solar technology have become an agenda in most countries .
Governments have been encouraging and giving away incentives to companies to develop the alternative energy efficient products like solar technology .
However , when the oil prices drop , governments and companies slowly stop to pursue the alternative as they can continue their business with cheaper oil .
With cheaper oil , companies reduce research funding for innovation and development .
Companies have been trying to get the market share by pricing their solar cell at an extremely low price .
In order to survive , another company cuts their price for the same technology product .
In the cut throat competition , less revenue is generated and less funding is chanelled to research .
This will slow the development of solar technology and the innovation of it .
Large companies will monopolize the market .
They will suppress new technologies and only start research and development on alternatives under government pressure .
In addition , some companies have created solar technology advancement on military weapons and are working greatly with the governments .
This technology are for military demand and do not bring any improvement to life .
AIDS is the most horrible disease that spreads across the continent of Africa , affecting millions of people , most of whom are undereducated and still struggling below poverty line .
At that point , Trevor Baylis came up with the idea of a wind-up radio , making the idea of broadcasting education possible .
Intertwined with the social issue of AIDS , the economic situation also hurdled the idea of using broadcasting to educate people .
Unlike the situation in other continents in the world , many people in Africa are still struggling for food , having no access to electricity .
In this case , engineers were challenged to design a special kind of radio that would not need to be plugged in sockets or batteries for electricity .
Putting aside the original social objective and economic constraints , designing the wind-up radio also required the solution of several practical technical problems .
First , the charging up process should be stable enough to prevent damage to the components of the radio .
Second , the output current must be very stable and enduring for preventing distortion of the signals .
Through the invention of the wind-up radio , it is clearly shown that engineering is not all about solving technical problems .
During the process of conceiving and designing a new engineering product , it is many social and economic factors would eventually become the shaping or determining force .
The two issues I feel are the most important are economic and technical challenges .
Otherwise , people will tend to think twice before they decide to purchase the products .
The economic downturn also prevents consumers from buying things that they think are not essential .
The manufacturing industry suffers the most from this recession .
They do not mind the products not being able to perform as well as the original .
As a result , the products may not last long enough and they have to be changed quite regularly .
.
We must also cater to the needs of the different age groups .
For example , hand phones , computers , mp3 and cameras have made communication between people in a distance easier simply just by a click or a press of the button .
Information and data can be transmitted easily by the use of the Internet .
They also need to consider the commercialization of the products .
As a result , engineers will be forced to come up with the modification of the products in a short period of time .
For example , hand phones nowadays are prone to damage when it is accidentally dropped on the floor .
Firstly , in China , the designing and innovating processes are always hampered by some political factors .
Therefore , it is difficult for academic institutes to escape from acting like a government department .
So in the selection process , the academic achievement of candidate is not the priority to be considered but their loyalty to the party .
Therefore , in some institutes , the head tends to know nothing or have little knowledge of the field which he is in charge of , which will certainly misguide the research directions and disturb the atmosphere of researching and studying .
Further , the rules of regulating institutes are mandated in a dogmatic and way .
All the boffins are required to attain some academic targets per year .
For example , they need to apply and get a project of a certain amount of money per year , or a certain number of essays they should publish in public scientific journals , and so on .
However , in such a short term , it seems impossible to discover significant results .
Hence , many researchers have to 'make up ' essays on their own , or simply plagiarize other 's works .
In addition , in most institutes , the funds of science are given by seniority .
As for some young but creative engineers or scientists , it may be very hard for them to get financial support to carry on their own research , which will stifle their creativity and give them no place to fulfill their potentials .
What is worse , in China , nearly all the people have formed a habit of buying pirated discs and illegally downloading from the Internet .
From a research by BSA , about 93 % software used in china are pirated , which costs 3.6billion dollars loss every year .
Moreover , the protection is also inadequate in terms of patents .
According to the statistical figures , about 30 percent of patents are illegally used without authorization .
According to China 's law , it will take about 3 years to finish the lawsuit ; and it will consume more time and money to execute the verdict after they win the case , especially because most of trespassers , who are usually in small business or manufacturing their illegal products in a family workshop , it is even harder to trace and penalize them .
the High GDP index , the government sometimes only cares about how many investments they can attract from overseas and other places ; And Most of the enterprises in China only focus on manufacturing , processing , and exporting goods .
What they need to do is just transferring the raw materials to finished goods .
So there is no need for them to invest a multitude of money to establish research and development groups to design or invent new technologies and sciences .
At the same time , they also assert that designs and innovations are not their business but or other countries instead of China whose enterprises not only lack funds but also core technology .
And now most of the enterprises are quite satisfied with this economic growth mode and think that it is not necessary to change the industrial structures .
So in this way , the impetus for designing and processing innovations has been greatly encumbered .
Among the shortcomings , the lack of engineering design progresses for innovation is serious and the two significant obstacles are the bad and the brain drain problem .
The environment for research is bad in China because firstly , there is not enough capital given to do research .
Without enough capital , how can researchers buy the necessary equipments and do the necessary experiments to make science and engineering progresses ?
Another fact is that the talent in China waste a lot of time doing things that are irrelevant to research .
One significant phenomenon is that the doctors , masters and graduate students in university call their tutors 'boss ' , because instead of teaching them new knowledge or doing research , tutors often ask students to do tasks from companies to make money .
Because of the good terms of administration jobs , a lot of talented scientists and engineers waste time competing to get them , leaving the research jobs behind .
To move the distractions , it needs to apply certain regulations to retain the talent in their positions and also , improve the terms of research jobs .
We Chinese should work hard together to make China strong and we would be glad to see that one day , the logo of 'made in China ' can be changed to 'created in China' .
Engineering design process flows through these stages of defining the problem , gathering information , generating multiple solutions , analyzing and selecting a solution and finally testing and implementing of the solution .
This problem leads to the loss of precious time that could be put to good use and it also affects the progression of work and major projects .
With this loss of precious time , we often have to make use of extra time to make up for the time lost in traffic congestion .
Secondly is the generating of multiple related solutions , analyzing and selecting of a suitable solution .
Although there are radio stations to report on traffic congestion , some drivers may not tune in to radio stations or may not know of other alternative ways to redirect their paths .
This results in accumulating the length of traffic congestions as the number of cars keeps piling up after it occurs .
This solution of indication can prove to be very useful , when an accident or traffic congestion occurs .
Signboards that are in the area of traffic congestion and other possible affected areas would be updated and give suggestions to the drivers to redirect them away from the traffic congestion .
Lastly is the testing and implementing of the solution .
With this idea of the solution , I would build a 3D replica of this system to test on the effectiveness in reducing traffic congestion .
It is that engineers are those who are playing a crucial role in the society while the world is expanding unremittingly .
They utilize their knowledge to come up with new innovations which will give a fresh impetus to enhance the development .
In my opinion , current human need that should be given priority is having electric vehicles that operate entirely on battery power .
As we all know , petrol is a non renewable natural resource and hence changes of its price have a big influence on the world economy as all main transportations are using it as fuel .
Electric vehicles can receive their power from a number of renewable sources that is transmitted into the vehicle through the use of electrical cable and stored in battery .
Through this , the dependence on crude oil can be minimized gradually .
In addition , air pollution is worsening nowadays .
By using environment friendly electric vehicles , the pollution problem can be alleviated by decreasing the smog level .
Firstly , engineers must recognize the need and define the designing problems such as how far the driving range of a fully charged electric vehicle is and etcetera by gathering enough information , running experiments and performing computation .
After that , engineers should start gathering pertinent information to reveal facts about the problem .
This step is quintessential as it makes sure that their efforts and time are not wasted at the wrong place .
Then , engineers will use creativity to generate ideas that solve the problem by starting with existing solutions then trying to figure out and improve the weakness in those solutions .
The last step is to test and implement the solution that involves testing , construction and manufacturing of the solution to the design problem .
Besides , engineers need to consider the electric car 's safety , cost and effects on the environment so that this engineering design meets the need .
For instance , if the electric car design 's cost is over budget , engineers might rather design combination electric-gasoline vehicles to cut down the cost .
In addition , safety of the car should be given priority in order for the design process to meet that need .
Thus , engineers have to confirm that the car is safe to be driven by running a few tests before the cars are supplied in the market place .
Engineers also have to run experiments on the emission from the electric car so as to make sure the car is environment friendly .
To drive home the point , the engineering design processes will definitely meet that need if engineers persevere stoically whenever they meet failures during the process .
Being a problem solver only means that they will constantly face a slew of problems that abound in the world .
The need for engineers to come up with food technologies that may fill the stomachs of hungry children is overwhelming .
Though the developed world has too much of it to the point of wastage , it is impossible to " transfer the leftovers " to the developing nations and it is ethically wrong to do so .
However , Khandani mentions that the solution is not perfect and we should keep revising and " going back to the drawing board " .
It is a process whereby the Earth 's temperature increases , which is attributable to the use of fossil fuels , and industrial or agricultural processes .
Man-made emissions release a great amount of carbon dioxide which causes a large buildup of " greenhouse gases " .
Though it may only contribute a small percentage to the buildup in the gases , as time goes by , the increase in the utility of cars will become a big contributor to global warming .
Thus a group of students from NUS came up with an idea of creating an eco-friendly urban concept car with zero carbon emission .
Because the eco-car runs on hydrogen gas , this will lead to the reduction in the usage of petroleum and thus save the natural resources for better usage .
With this invention , the governments will strongly recommend civilians to replace their current vehicle with the eco-car .
Take gasoline combustion cars as an example ; when it is running low of fuels , the driver can easily top up his vehicle at any petrol station nearby .
Most of the products today are created using a conventionally generated technology but there are a few products which were invented in a skunkworks environment .
For example , the first laptop computer was produced in a skunkworks environment because Toshiba , a Japanese electronics company , had suffered huge losses with its failure in the desktop computers ' market in the 1980s .
Even though conventionally generated technology is more popular nowadays , both ways of production have their own advantages and disadvantages .
Both ways of production are similar in their motive .
The intention of the teams is to research and develop their product hoping to come up with a new invention or make the existing products better .
They believe that the products they are working on will be a success even though they are not supported by company .
With the financial support from the company , the research and development team can have a comfortable and productive workspace .
On the other hand , there are no or very little financial support for the team working in skunkworks environment .
Therefore , skunkworks environment usually is not comfortable to work in .
Besides what is mentioned above , the team using conventionally generated technology can afford state of the art devices which will increase the efficiency of research .
For example , they might look for used items to be use as inputs for their production .
In contrast , the team with full financial support do not really need to consider the cost of research ; therefore they most probably could not come up with products which are more cost efficient .
Finally , after comparing both ways of production , we will realize that both also have their pros and cons but in my perspective , production in the skunkworks environment is better mainly because of the freedom in inventing new things .
That is why there is a significant number of people who are willing to work in the skunkworks environment despite the problems they face .
This is because these people believe that their inventions will benefit mankind .
The importance of water lies in the fact that it comprises 70 % of a person .
No doubt water is the basis of life on this planet .
Secondly , information pertaining to water scarcity should be gathered , including the severity of the problem on a global scale , limitations of current methodologies , underlying reasons and so on .
As for drinking water , it is crucial to ensure the safety of the public when a new technology is adopted .
Furthermore , the whole process in the model which Khandani has proposed may take many years to be completed , making self-funded projects less viable if there is still no support along the way .
For example , compared to the water transfer project from another location with more abundant water supply , distillation of sea water will be a more expensive solution though it has the potential of solving the problem in the long run .
Many things that surround us today make our lives a lot easier .
From kitchen appliances like refrigerator to home entertainment systems , these are things which we often take for granted .
All the many inventions at our homes were developed by engineers over a long time .
It started from identifying the needs of people , followed by coming up with various solutions and then implementing them .
This is called Design Process which engineers use to approach problems .
The first step is to identify the problem , which usually involves the process of knowing what the customer wants and what problems they are encountering with existing products .
Secondly we need to gather more information , like previous failed attempts at solving similar problems , whether a need for a new solution is needed or not and the problem with existing solutions .
.
Currently , there are many engineers in our society .
In the past , people who wanted to see a doctor had to wait in long queues .
More often than not , those people who were waiting in the line were in urgent need of medical attention .
Nurses in a clinic had to flip through archives for a patient 's information manually .
Therefore a more efficient way of allowing people to see doctors is needed .
Khandani said that inexperienced designers will skip this step and proceed to finding solutions , but efforts spent in gathering information will pay out later in the design process .
Engineers found out that in clinics , human errors of the nurse is present , resulting in longer queues .
much useful feed back is needed in order for more problems to be identified .
However , because of overeating high protein food , lack of exercise and many other relevant reasons , various kinds of disease are threatening us human beings , especially the heart disease .
Till now , heart attack has become the top one killer among all the diseases which threaten the human 's health .
According to a research conducted in 2000 , the number of people dying from heart attack accounts for almost one-third of the total number of deaths around the world , and even worse the percentage is expected to be greatly enhanced by 2020 .
As a result , WHO says heart attack is the 21st century 's plague and calls for more attention on the heart disease .
Fortunately , the appearance of a kind of engineering design product helps huge numbers of patients who suffer a lot from heart attack .
That is the heart pacemaker .
With the help of a pacemaker , patients whose heart rate is too high or too low can maintain an adequate heart rate .
Because the heart pacemaker should be implanted into the patient 's body before it can work well , it calls for higher safety requirement .
The material used to make a pacemaker is silicon , titanium steel and special artificial plastic , both of them are quite friendly to the patients ' internal environment and will not cause injury or other diseases to humans .
An engineer should seriously consider that the pacemaker is used to save the patient 's life . If it suddenly breaks down , the patient will face the risk of losing his life .
Originally , the battery of the heart pacemaker was made up of mercury-zinc which at most can only work for 2-3years .
Such short lifespan of the battery together with some other reasons lead to a few cases of patients ' death because of the battery running out of energy in advance .
Nowadays , the engineers adopt the lithium cell which has a great advantage over the older one for it can last for 10 years and is much lighter .
The success of applying the lithium battery into the heart pacemaker brings a substantial increase in reliability .
Since the main purpose of the heart pacemaker is to save people who have heart disease , the price can not be too high to afford .
Reasonable price promotes the wider use of the heart pacemaker around the world .
Overall , the invention of the heart pacemaker makes a tremendous contribution to the patients who suffer from heart attack .
Let us hope the prospective heart pacemaker can be more convenient and have more powerful features at lower price .
I am sure it will be fantastic news for all human beings .
In most cases , it is not easy to go through all these steps successfully due to the hindrances from various sources .
Since China adopted the reform and opening-up policy in 1978 , countless promising students have gone abroad for further study .
Unfortunately , lots of these talents are unwilling to return to their motherland because of the much superior conditions in developed countries , which causes the brain drain problem .
Such a brain drain makes China fall into a severe shortage of talents who are necessary for the implementation of any stage of the process .
As a result , more educated people will go abroad , which aggravates the brain drain problem in turn and exerts a greater negative effect on the process .
Therefore , unlike US and developed European countries , not much capital can be spared for engineering design processes for innovations , which causes the capital problem .
Thus in the course of engineering design , one usually needs much money for getting pertinent information and testing and implementing the solution .
" From his perspective , since every natural event happens as a result of a cause or collective causes , I am not sure if it is proper to refer to the discovery of LSD , short term of Lysergic acid diethylamide , as an accident .
In 1993 , risperidone was approved by the United States Food and Drug Administration , for the treatment of schizophrenia , and bipolar disorder in 2007 .
On another hand , LSD was once widely used for treatments of mental disorder as well before , which would be illustrated in the second paragraph .
However , LSD affects people in alcoholism in a positive way which is unachievable for risperidone .
Secondly , the controllability of both the short term and long term effects of LSD and risperidone vary greatly .
But for LSD , the physical and psychological effect vary greatly from one to the other , and is highly dependent on the amount of dosage , consumer 's personality , mood , the surrounding environment and other variable factors .
Most importantly , the social issues arising from consumption of LSD are unexpected .
Apart from physical and psychological effects , LSD also triggers intense spiritual experience which leads consumers to illusory images and feelings .
There is a great number of people who believe that LSD serve as a divine vehicle which transports the consumers to the outer-space where the gods live .
There were several cases of suicide before the United States government banned LSD in 1966 .
However for LSD , it was mainly regarded as a means to get high by the American hippies .
Even the poets , painters and musicians tried to seek inspiration by consuming LSD .
As a result , the consuming group of LSD is more complicated than that of risperidone .
According to the above , even though riperidone and LSD share some similarities in their pharmaceutical effects to a certain extent , they are different from each other in terms of controlability of side effects and their consuming groups .
sport is one of the most important things in human life .
Among the various knee injuries , the anterior cruciate ligament ( ACL ) injury happens most often .
If the injured do not recover completely , it is likely for him to get injured again at the same place .
It could even affect his daily life .
So ,the treatment of the ACL injury is considered a very important matter in sports medicine .
It is almost impossible for ligaments to regrow if they have been ruptured .
The classic method to solve the problem ( ACL injury ) is to remove a ligament from the patient himself such as patellar tendons .
Second , it has been shown that this method could cause pains and patellar tendonitis .
So , to meet the human need , scientists are looking for a new method .
First , the artificial ligaments should not cause rejection reaction .Second , it should be very strong ,flexible and anti abrasive ,so that it can ensure that the patient can play sports at the normal level .
Third ,it should have the ability to grow and combine with the ruptured ligament .
The result has shown that the LARS ligament is extremely resistant to flexion , traction , torsion , and residual stretching .
Also , the design has biocompatible properties to human tissues , because the intra-articular longitudinal fibers allow for tissue growth .
Futhermore , if we use LARS ligaments in the reconstruction of cruciate ligament , the time of recovery can be reduced a lot .
At the same time , there is also a pitfall about the artificial ligament .
.
I think as it improves a lot in the future , it can the classic method finally .
Among thousands of technologies , the laptop , one of the most important innovations in the twentieth century , is a good example of socially determined technology .
The laptop , first manufactured by Toshiba in 1985 ( Rogers , 2003 ) , ten years after the birth of the desktop computer , has again brought about a tremendous revolution in our lives .
Problems arose as the workers had to stay in the company to finish the work that can not be done without a computer .
Under such conditions , the idea of the laptop was inspired .
Secondly , the main power that provides technological support plays an essential role in the innovation of the laptop .
The idea of designing a laptop was first not approved by Toshiba , but Mizoguchi , the chief designer of the laptop did not give up .
The support of technical staff brought a successful step towards the final goal of promoting and producing laptops .
Last but not least , the source of funding made the production and sales of laptops possible .
Though the research team had made the idea of the laptop came true , the laptop would not be finally put into production without a large amount of money .
To their disappointment , the plan of producing the laptops had again been rejected due to the small potential market estimated by the company .
To sum up , the innovation of laptop can not be separated from the three main factors .
The demand of customers inspired the designers , the support of technical staff put the idea into practice , and finally , the source of funding ensured the sales .
Without any of these three factors , the dream of owning a laptop would be still a dream now .
Fortunately , Thomas Edison created the lightbulb in 1879 and Percy LeBaron Spencer discovered microwave energy after World War two .
It is amazing that Edison picked up a fifty-year-old idea and made it come true , while Percy brought the microwave oven to light by an accident , indeed .
These two wonderful discoveries have many similarities and differences .
Moreover , the idea of a microwave oven was totally new , while someone had worked on the lightbulb before Edison .
Edison achieved this unbelievable task by thousands of different experiments .
To choose the suitable filament for the lightbulb , Edison tried more than 1600 kinds of materials with different heat-resistance .
After many setbacks , Edison decided to use carbon to make the filament .
On the other hand , Percy chanced on microwave energy by pure coincidence .
When he did some experiment focusing on radar waves , the melt of a candy bar in his pocket surprised him .
In addition , Edison did not 'invent ' the lightbulb actually , while Percy is the first person who discovered the microwave energy and invented the microwave oven .
Since he was interested in electric appliances , he picked up this idea and made several improvements to it through various experiments .
In contrast , there was nobody who discovered the energy of microwave before Percy .
After he found out this big secret and went through careful trials , Percy developed the microwave oven into .
Thus , he is definitely the inventor of the microwave oven .
Last but not least , the lightbulb helps us say goodbye to darkness and the microwave oven provides us a very convenient way to heat food .
Because of the lightbulb , the big world becomes brighter and more colorful .
Also , we can read , write and do many things in the night .
The lightbulb has brought us easier and more convenient life .
In the same manner , the microwave oven has become one of the many modern conveniences .
Not only can it save time but it can also be operated in a safer manner .
In conclusion , the lightbulb and microwave oven are both great discoveries .
Moreover , Edison just made improvements to the lightbulb while Percy invented the microwave oven .
Anyway , we must thank Edison Thomas and Percy LeBaron Spencer who made these two extraordinary inventions .
15th August , known as " Victory in the Pacific Day " , is celebrated by people all around the world to commemorate the surrender of Japan in 1945 .
What we need to emphasize here is that the atomic bomb explosion in Hiroshima and Nagasaki on 6th and 9th August respectively definitely hastened the surrender of Japan .
In the history of warfare , these are the only two nuclear weapons used in the offensive .
Now , more than sixty years later , nuclear weapons are still the most destructive weapons invented by human beings .
Surprisingly , when the nuclear technology was firstly discovered by scientists , it was seen as a method to satisfy human 's needs of energy .
After Einstein 's General Relativity Theory and the famous equation E = mc2 , scientists thought more about how to get energy more efficiently and effectively .
In early 1939 , two German scientists first published their essay about nuclear fission and also stated that this new energy source could bring tremendous profits for human beings .
Unfortunately , against the background of World War Two , military demands had priority over anything else .
Obviously , Allies finally won the battle on the invention of nuclear weapons .
Otherwise , the result of World War Two might be different and it is hard to imagine what our life would be today .
The U.S. used more than six hundred thousand people and invested more than two billion dollars to start the " Manhattan Project " .
Japan tragically became the first and only target of nuclear weapons in history .
Even till now , whether the invention of nuclear weapons was for peace or war is still discussed all over the world .
However , the catastrophe it caused for the Japanese was really serious .
Even today , the nuclear crisis in North Korea and Iran still threatens the stabilization of world .
If there was no E = mc2 or World War Two , nuclear weapons may never have been invented .
Maybe for the nuclear technology itself , utilizing it to make weapons is unfair , but we must agree that it is the social needs , or specifically the military demands , and government priorities at that time that determined the direction of this innovation .
Just like every year people celebrate the " Victory in the Pacific Day " , there should be some others remembering the nuclear weapons .
The military also uses GPS in various methods from missile guidance to enemy tracking .
Numerous factors have brought about the development of the GPS : mainly the government , military and public demands .
In 1983 , the U.S. President Ronald Reagan decided that the GPS will be made available for civilian use after the Soviet Union shot down a commercial airliner which had navigational difficulty , bringing about the death of more than 200 passengers .
Currently , the GPS is widely used in the aviation and maritime industry so that similar incidents can be prevented .
Next , the public demands have pushed the benefits of the GPS further when gadgets are integrated with GPS to provide constant relative motion and time coordination .
As such , even the user 's estimated time of arrival can be calculated .
The development of technology has benefited human beings in both scientific research and daily life of human beings .
With the invention of the microscope , scientists are able to observe molecules which form all matter .
Besides scientific research , inventions and new technologies have indeed brought convenience to human beings .
( Rogers , 2003 ) One important technology which was socially determined is the invention of the laptop in Toshiba , a Japanese electronics company .
The invention of the laptop was originally designed to fit crowded offices and small homes which were typical in Japan .
At that time , dozens of workers shared one desk and desktop computers were too large in size .
( Rogers , 2003 ) The laptop was then invented by an engineer in Toshiba Company called Mizoguchi , whose braveness and wisdom have been recognized in the process of inventing the laptop .
However , because of lacking resources and unpromising market , the innovation of the laptop in Toshiba was nearly aborted .
Fortunately , the designers of the laptop were determined so people nowadays are able to access the Internet anywhere with laptops that were first invented by them .
In the process of inventing a laptop , the design team was lacking in human resource and money .
At first , the idea of designing laptop was disapproved by the Toshiba Company , which at that time had just suffered from a huge loss in the business of personal computers .
Although the team survived due to the insistence of Mizogushi and finally came up with the first laptop in the world , lack of resources had had an impact on the design team , which made the team 'stressful ' ( Rogers , 2003 ) in the designing process .
To wrap up , the invention of the laptop was affected by the lack of resources and unpromising market which ultimately came from opinion of the authority in Toshiba Company which turned out to be incorrect .
Actually many major discoveries made by excellent scientists are unexpected gifts from good luck .
In particular , pharmacology is perhaps the most common field where serendipity occurs .
When he served in the army , he noticed that many soldiers died from simple infections caused by small wounds .
Every day hospitals were filled with patients who only got infections from a small cut or a scratch and more seriously those who contracted pneumonia or tuberculosis .
After the discovery of the new substance , he came to the problem of how to cultivate the mould and how to isolate and purify the antibiotic agent .
It saved many soldiers ' lives in the war .
What would have happened if Fleming had never been concerned about the search for the cure or he had had no interest in this area at all ?
It is just because Fleming was intrigued by his research that he could notice the mould contamination on the bacteria culture and stretch out further reflection on it , while others could not .
Hard work finally paid off .
Serendipity only favours those with high aspirations and determination who whole-heartedly dedicate themselves to their beloved career .
Perhaps some people will say that it is reasonable that the society is now in a relatively stable stage since the modern scene was marked by tremendously and ever-accelerating change in the past few years .
In this way , companies may not dare to pump money into the development of new products .
Once the process is lacking in funds , there is little hope for the process to continue .
Statistics suggest that the R&D teams in companies tend to decrease in number .
Worse still , there are many companies which even do not have an R&D team yet .
Besides , the not-so-high salary can hardly attract high-quality talents to join the research team , which is also due to the lack of funds which I have mentioned before .
All these make it even more difficult for the innovation to bear fruit .
People always tend to do things that will benefit themselves .
However , some obstacles still hamper the process of technological innovation in China , as the technological development is in its infancy .
In my opinion , there are mainly two big problems for us to overcome in the next few years , which are the decentralization and shortage of resources and the lagging of technology transfer .
Resource refers to human capital and financial support .
Actually , decentralization of human capital and delayed financial support hamper the stage of research and development to quite a large extent .
Compared to other developing countries , China does not have a standard innovation centre where many talented scientists and engineers can discuss and develop a creative project .
Take Silicon Valley as an example . Many new technological products are developed and promising companies are founded there every year , which is a result of the cooperation of many talents .
How to call them back and work out some big projects is a tough task for our government .
However , if the financial support is divided into small parts , these departments will not receive enough money to do a large scale research .
Furthermore , some research projects must wait several months for financial support , during which time scientists may lose heart and give up .
As a result , research and development , which are the first steps of innovation , become more and more difficult .
China should try hard to solve the problem of resource .
Some new technologies may be born as well as die in laboratories as a result of lag in technology transfer .
Perhaps it takes about a few years to generate a new generation .
Besides , as China does not have a system to link these new techniques with manufacturing departments , I think most manufacturing factories can not make full use of these innovations .
Therefore , we had better build a sound system to do the technology transfer .
Firstly , we had better develop some technical centre to bring talents together and do research .
If we can overcome these problems , I believe the design process of innovation in China will develop farther more .
However , in my home country , many problems exist as huge barriers for engineers to apply their innovative ideas to practice .
Chinese students are very diligent , but sometimes they focus too much on theoretical knowledge and the exams , while overlooking the importance of cultivating their own innovative ability .
So when they become engineers , what they can do is only follow others ' steps and they can not put forward new ideas .
Besides the cognition problem , some universities do not give much attention to students ' hands-on abilities .
Experiment classes , which aim to help students develop their application and innovative ability , are often deleted from the schedule or are conducted without experimental materials .
For technology , personal experience is the best way to learn .
Furthermore , we know it is hard for a person to come up with new ideas continuously but this process becomes much easier when several people exchange their thoughts about this issue .
If there is no project , no lab report , no design assignments , how can students learn to work with others ?
Hence , some engineers can not communicate ; they do not know how to allocate workload , and they do not know how to deal with difficulties and conflicts .
Another obstacle is the unsatisfactory social conditions for engineers to develop their knowledge and thoughts .
When I compare my hometown university engineering graduates with their peers in NUS , I find those from NUS have more opportunities to have internships in institutes , to do experiments in teams , to communicate with researchers and professors .
Apart from this , China does not give as much attention to technology innovations as many other countries .
Besides the above two problems , lack of communication in engineering society also discourages the generation of innovative ideas .
There are not many conferences on engineering topics which can allow engineers and scientists to exchange ideas and learn from each other .
After all the above , we can see the improper model and the unsatisfactory social conditions really act as obstacles to innovative engineering designs .
As China is carrying out education reform in a large scale and putting more emphasis on technology innovations , we can predict China 's technology has a good prospect .
In the olden days , taking photos was a complicated process performed solely by professional technicians .
A photographer had to adjust all the settings manually and develop the films with chemicals called film developer in a darkroom .
However , the recent two decades have witnessed an astonishing innovation in photography . The development of digital cameras ( DC ) has made taking photos accessible to the non-specialists .
Consumers ' desire for more convenient usagof the camera and better photo quality shapes the development of the DC technology .
Consumers ' desire for the convenient usage of the camera includethe simplicity of camera functions and the accessibility of photo sharing .
Both of these requests stimulate the DC technology development .
Innovations like the face detection technology by Sony Company , was developed in response to the increasing popularity of portrait taking ( Cheung , K. M. , 2007 ) .
Other technologies like the anti-blink function and the Smile Shutter function , which automatically capture the best facial expressions , are also developed in the need for simpler photo taking ( Sony Unveils World 's First Wi-Fi Digital Camera with Web Browser , 2009 ) .
Users can upload photos onto the Internet and share the photos with more people .
A case in point is the Wi-Fi cameras .
With a web browser installed within it , this camera can get access to any hotspot , allowing users to upload their photos immediately after shooting ( Sony Unveils World 's First Wi-Fi Digital Camera with Web Browser , 2009 ) .
Another development that improved the convenience of taking photos is portability .
Thus , they can be put inside pockets and easily carried around .
The improvement in portability has also resulted from people 's increasing demand for easy casual shootings .
Consumers ' pursuit of better photo quality has also driven the innovation of advanced DC technology .
To improve resolution , a company needs to conduct a considerable amount of research which included the generation of new ideas , technology breakthroughs and repetitive experiments .
The process is hard , but companies are willing to sacrifice their time and labor for the development . This is because the better the resolution , the more customers will be attracted , and the more profit the companies will make .
Such remarkable improvement shows the strong impact of consumers ' requirement in pushing forward the DC technology .
The innovation and development of the DC technology are shaped by the needs of the market .
At the same time , the technological developments have greatly changed our lives at the same time , making our lives more convenient and colourful .
After the telephone was invented in the late 1800s , people were thinking about ways to improve the communication technology to extend the range of social network .
The original idea of the mobile phone came from combining telecommunication with radio technology , which was considerably improved during the World War 2 period ( Special History Issue , 1990 ) .
Until the 1980s , due to the cellular idea , the portability and the quality of communication of mobile phone were improved and mobile telephony started to play a part in the mass market ( Farley , 2007 ) .
And with the advancement in internet technology , the third generation mobiles phones are digitized ( Wei , 2005 ) .
This essay will examine three major factors in the development of the mobile telecommunication in different stages .
First of all , the post-war economic recovery demanded a better way of communication in order to expand the network of free trade among different countries .
In 1946 soviet engineers Shapiro and Zaharchenko ( Special History Issue , 1990 ) launched the first radio telephone , which was equipped inside a car and could connect to local telephone network within the range of 20 kilometers .
Besides , as water transportation was developed rapidly during that period , radiotelephony service was introduced to harbor and coastal vessels ( Special History Issue , 1990 ) .
In the past , radio telephony was the only way to connect to the telephone service when people were mobile .
Hence , the demands for economic growth pushed mobile technology forward in the early days .
Donald H. Ring came up with the idea of cellular network in 1947 ( Farley , 2007 ) .
With the advance in computing technology in 1980s , a cellular network on mobile phones called Groupe Special Mobile was developed and this made mobile communication start to boom ( Farley , 2007 ) .
Similarly , the development of necessary technologies such as semi-conductors , transistors and microelectronic chips have also contributed to the development of mobile telecommunications .
Therefore , progress in other fields can promote the innovations of the mobile technology .
After the birth of GSM , mobile phones started to more attract private users .
Unlike business usage , private users demand a user-friendly environment to communicate with friends and family , as well as some additional entertainment features .
Such demands by the public encouraged mobile developers to create new functions for cell phones such as delivering ring tones , SMS and voice mail ( Wei , 2005 ) .
Besides , mobile phones became digitized at the beginning of this century , which brought on a revolution in mobile telecommunication .
Mobile phone today is no longer a phone that is mobile ; it can be an MP3 player , a game player and even a personal computer .
Within the context of a society , mobile telecommunication is shaped by economic factors , inventions and consumers ' demands .
The technology of nanorobotics ( nanobots ) is a modern invention that deals with the making of robots at atomic level .
Nanobots would be helpful in making materials that are efficient in storing energy and converting energy sources .
They can be used to create a system that is affordable , fast , and compact .
According to an article , $ 20 million was granted to Stanford - one of 46 Energy Frontier Research Centres - to help the engineers to find energy at the nano-scale .
In Conclusion , the technology of nanobots is a modern innovation that allows human to process tasks that are beyond what our beareye can see .
With continuous development , nanobots would improve the lives of millions in the near future .
The main problem , however , is time constraint and this problem can be seen to significantly hamper engineering design processes for innovations in companies , such as Creative Technology .
This time constraint is caused by competition from other companies which sell similar products and they may also be in the midst of designing similar new products as Creative Technology .
Mr Sim Wong Hoo , chairman and CEO of Creative Technology , commented that being awarded the ZEN Patent to Creative Technology had helped it to protect its invention in portable media players .
He then further commented that in order to be awarded the ZEN Patent , it had taken a major investment of time and effort by a group of its research and development engineers
( Creative Technology , 2005 ) . It can be seen that because of time constraint , the research and development engineers from Creative Technology had to sacrifice most of their time just to focus on the engineering design processes for their new product , ZEN , so that it can be completed as soon as possible .
Furthermore , because of time constraints , certain processes in the engineering design processes may be compromised .
Another problem is that the designing process must keep up with the rapid developments in technology , for otherwise by the time it is completed , it may already been rendered as obsolete .
According to St. James Press ( 2004 ) , Creative Technology began manufacturing its own CD-ROM drives when it could not keep up with the rapid developments in drive technology ; however , it was forced to abandon the effort , dumping its inventory and taking a loss of more than $ 30 million in 1995 .
From here , we can see that the Engineering design processes must be constantly updated , for otherwise more problems may occur that may significantly hamper engineering design process for innovations .
In conclusion , the two problems discussed may significantly hamper engineering design processes for innovations .
However , there are many people who overcame the difficulties and successfully completed the engineering design processes for innovations , and I hope more people can learn from their experiences .
Since the 1970 s , communication technology has made great advances , offering capabilities that are unthinkable a decade earlier .
The last decade of the 20th century saw a flood of new communication technologies entering the market for both the office and home , according to the Central Statistical office .
This is the result of a better understanding of people 's needs and what technology they really want to use .
One of such technology is the mobile phone .
In the past , communication was slow and unreliable .
In most cases , information would not even reach the desired destination .
As a result , people wanted a form of communication that was fast and reliable .
This changed dramatically with the introduction of the telephone .
Firstly , it took away the necessity of having a communication medium , which made it more reliable .
Secondly , the telephone used electricity , which was literally accessible to every household and this helped messages to be passed around more quickly .
The society wanted to be able to communicate at anywhere and anytime and with anyone it wished .
The introduction of the mobile phone allowed people the ability to pass messages to one another quickly and accurately whenever they wished .
This meant that office workers were able to speed up communication and circulate information faster to allow new ideas to be spread quickly .
Being able to do this would benefit the company and have a positive impact on the economy .
Furthermore , even the military has benefited from this wireless telephony .
Through the use of wireless communication , soldiers were able to communicate with one another swiftly and with 100 % accuracy when information was being passed around .
Due to the convenience of having a mobile phone , the number of mobile phone users has increased drastically over the years .
By 2002 , Japan had 55 million mobile phone users ( out of 122 million ) , China had over 200 million mobile phone users ( out of 1.3 billion ) and about 90 % of Finland 's population had a mobile phone , according to the BBC in 2003 .
The mobile phone underwent further developments to enhance its features to suit its consumers .
As a result , by 2003 , the mobile phone was presented as more than just a tool for calling someone .
It will also take on the roles of being digital navigator and a lifestyle accessory that will help individuals control and enrich their lives ( Nokia , 2002 ) .
Looking back at the evolution of communication , the mobile phone is one that has been shaped by social factors .
Recently , there was an outbreak of a pandemic flu that started in Mexico and spread rampantly around the world , instilling fear in people .
Experts estimate that more than 2 billion people worldwide will contact the flu ( Scheirer Micheal and Harrell Eben .
As such , the health ministers of various countries are very concerned .
Thus , this leads to the development of the vaccine for H1N1 . Besides the governments , H1N1 patients and the general public are also very concerned with the development of the vaccine for H1N1 .
The virus is very contagious , and thus this leads to its spread in society .
There is a large demand for the vaccine by various government bodies .
This could be seen when the governments of France , Belgium and Finland intended to purchase 50 million , 12.6 million and 5.3 million doses respectively ( Cormac Sheridan , 2009 ) .
Another reason for the government bodies to be concerned with the development of the new vaccine is the fear of mutation .
As many more are going to contract the diseases , there is a higher chance that the virus will mutate into a stronger strain .
The health ministers around the world are developing a vaccine for the virus before it spreads too widely or mutates .
The public and the H1N1 patients are the other groups that shaped the development of the vaccine for the H1N1 virus .
Although figures from the WHO ( World Health Organisation ) have shown that out of the 160,000 cases only 1.200 cases are fatal , people continued to be in fear .
This is due to a previous outbreak of another flu virus which has taken many lives .
Due to fear , there is a high demand for the vaccine , and as a result the pharmaceutical companies are given plenty of business opportunitties .
Besides the large demand , any new development would also bring about a rise in the pharmaceutical companies ' share prices .
For example , on April 30 2009 , when Lipoxen pharmaceutical company announced the positive preclinical results for an enhanced influenza vaccine and added that the technology should also work against the new swine flu strain , Lipoxen 's share price went up from £ 6.62 ( $ 10.11 ) to £ 21.75 ( $ 33.23 ) ( Brady Huggett , 2009 ) .
Health ministries of the world , patients , as well as the public have shaped the development of the H1N1 vaccine in various ways .
The government needed the vaccine to help control the spread of H1N1 and also to cure the disease before it mutates into a more deadly virus .
As for the patients and the public , their concern is that they need the vaccine .
Many people have already got used to using cell phone to take pictures and transfer the images to their friends .
However , camera phones have changed a lot since 2000 ( Daisuke , 2003 ) , and when compared to the first camera phone , camera phones nowadays are quite different .
During the nine-year development of the camera phone technology , we can see that market demand , customer requirement , and government regulations have affected this technology a lot .
The first factor that accelerated the development of the camera phone is market demand .
Before the camera phone appeared in the market , the digital camera and videophone have existed for many years .
Actually , a camera phone is a combination of the digital camera and the videophone , and it can take pictures and save the pictures in digital form . It can transfer the pictures or videos to other videophones .
Digital camera and videophone have already become part of everyday 's life , and people want a tool which can let people take pictures freely and transfer them wirelessly .
The need for the combination of the two technologies eventually lead to the development of the camera phone .
Thus , at 2000 , Sharp launched the world 's first camera phone J-SH04 , which has a 110,000-pixel CMOS image sensor for taking digital photos
This innovation has helped Sharp to achieve great success .
We can easily see that the great sales have ensured the development of this technology .
More and more companies have begun to realize this great market demand and started researching on camera phones .
After integrating the image sensor into the mobile phone , the quality of pictures taken by the camera phones , which have only hundreds of thousands of pixel sensor , can not satisfy the need of the consumers .
The pictures taken by the camera phone are very indistinct at that time .
Those pictures can not be developed because of their low quality .
People might need a substitute for the digital camera .
This need will greatly boost the development of the camera phone technology .
Most camera phone companies tried to produce the camera phones with better sensors .
In the year 2003 , Sharp launched the world 's first 1 megapixel camera phone ( Long , 2005 ) , which can provide much better quality pictures .
Since then , the camera phone has become a really useful tool .
Different companies applied the same strategy and released their 1 megapixel camera phone in the same year , and sales surged 200 % , as compared to last year .
From this , we can draw the conclusion that customer requirements have greatly shaped the camera phone technology .
The worries of sneak shot have caused much concern during the last few years , with the increase of such incidents .
For example , on December 30 2006 , a short film of the execution of former Iraqi dictator Saddam Hussein leaked into the internet and led to some serious detrimental effect .
The film was obviously taken by a camera phone .
Different countries have since promulgated different regulations to limit the use of the camera phone .
Different companies also try to find new methods to prevent sneak shots .
We can see that market demand has helped in the development of the camera phone . , and customer needs have led to the improvement of its functions . Government regulations have also affected the usage of the camera phone .
All these factors make the camera phone more and more popular in our daily lives .
The Hawk-eye is a computer system used in cricket , tennis and other sports to visually track the path of the ball and display a record of its actual path in graphic image .
In tennis and cricket , the Hawk-eye system has become an important reference for judgment when there is dispute about the games .
When the Hawk-eye system was invented , it won some prizes , such as the Science and Technology Innovation Award presented by The Royal Television Society .
However , it is not very popular .
Hawk-eye 's development is limited due to its high cost , some errors it made and some opposing voices from the public .
The first limitation for the development of Hawk-eye is its high cost .
The above-mentioned equipment need to be of high quality .
These reasons , as well as the monopolised market of Hawk-eye have led to the high cost of using the Hawk-eye system .
In the 2009 snooker China open , the sponsor spent 400 thousand yuan per week , which is equivalent to almost 60 thousand US dollars
( 2009,http : //sports.sina.com.cn/o/2009-04-08/03264312295.shtml ) . Not many organisers can afford to spend so much money on such referencing aids .
We can say that its high cost has prevented the Hawk-eye to develop further .
The second limitation is the shortcoming of the Hawk-eye itself .
Although the Hawk-eye company has declared that the Hawk-eye is precise and accurate , it makes mistakes occasionally .
In 2009 Indian Wells Tennis Masters , the Hawk-eye system made a mistake in the quarter-final .
When Andrew Murray knocked the ball out of the bounds , the Hawk-eye did not recognize it and Murray got into the semifinal .
We use the Hawk-eye to prevent errors in judgment ; however , if it does not offer us the accuracy , we may not choose to use it .
The errors caused by Hawk-eye are sure to prevent potential users from using it and thus , limited its development .
In addition , not all the Sportsmen value the Hawk-eye system .
Even in tennis , which is one of the sports that the Hawk-eye is widely used , the system is not well accepted by some of the world 's most popular players .
Roger Federer and Lindsay Davenport think that the Hawk-eye system forgets the true meaning of tennis and makes tennis uninteresting .
As it is widely known , these world-famous players have a great influence on the development of the sport .
If they do not accept the Hawk-eye system , it may be very difficult for it to develop further .
In conclusion , the reasons why the Hawk-eye system does not develop further are the high cost , the weakness of the system itself and the opposing voices from some influential world-famous players .
Since the introduction of Iphone on June 29 2007 , it has become the best- selling smart phone in the world1 .
After a series of hardware and software development , we can now enjoy the latest 3GS Iphone with a lot of improvements that include Internet , 3G , music , video and photos .
In the Iphone 's development process , we can not deny that the user 's demands for new functions have a great influence in changing the Iphone .
First of all , users ' demand for the Iphone , which has more features and utilities to combine everything in a phone , forces Apple to continue developing Iphone .
Compared to the 1st generation of Iphone , the latest one ( 3GS ) is very different .
Initially , the Iphone only supported the EDGE network , 802.11b wireless standard , and 4GB internal storage .
Now the Iphone 3GS supports 3G network , video call , 802.11n wireless standard , and up to 32GB internal storage .
To satisfy users ' demand for new applications , themes , software and utilities , Apple finally released the Iphone SDK on March 6 2008 ( Apple , 2008 ) . The Iphone SDK provides a platform in which the programmer can build and develop software , from the simple to the very complicated .
The second factor that affects the Iphone is the user 's budget during the economic crisis .
During the crisis , the sale of the smart phone in general decreases because people do not want to spend money on unnecessary things .
Worldwide sales of hi-tech " smartphones " grew at their slowest pace in the fourth quarter of 2008 as the financial crisis hit demand , according to a research firm2 .
There is no way for Apple to encourage people to buy their products except to make them more valuable .
In 2009 summer , Apple introduces the new version of Iphone , the 3GS , at the same price as the older version .
The new one has higher core speed and bigger RAM , which allows the Iphone to run faster , and it can even display a high definition movie .
Apple also reduces the price of the 3G version to make it affordable to more users .
The result is " California-based Apple was the third-biggest player with iPhone sales of 11.42 million units , more than triple the 3.3 million sold when it launched the device in 2007 " ( citation ) .
Therefore , the user 's demand for advanced technology has contributed to the development of the Iphone through several years .
the Iphone can serve many functions , such as entertainment and video conference .
Although the Iphone is the best smart phone in the market at the moment , it have to be developed further and be offered at a lower price to satisfy the customers .
Both the military and civil demand for precise navigation promote the development of the Global Positioning System
Nowadays , almost everybody knows about GPS ( Global Positioning System ) , and it has made a significant difference in our daily lives , from guiding family hiking to airline navigation .
However , a lot of people may not know that it is a seemingly new and advanced technology that has already existed for more than forty years
( Lowry , 2006 ) . It is the military and civil demand for precise navigation that stimulates the development of the GPS technology to what it is today .
After the WW ( full name ) , the US military realized the weakness of navigating by the stars and the radio signals and started to seek for a more precise positioning system to guide their fighters and warships globally
( Lowry , 2006 ) . In the late nineteen fifties , the scientists in USA realized the possibility of accurate positioning by satellites and finally in 1960 , a satellite navigation system called " Transit " was tested in the USA navy . This is to meet its intense requirement for precise navigation to avoid unnecessary shipwreck .
Since then , in order to grasp the information of the precise positions of its armed forces all over the world , the United States Department of Defense allotted millions of dollars in the GPS R&D , which eventually resulted in a complete Global Positioning System with the operation of two dozen of polar orbiting satellites
( Yogendra , 2002 ) .
Besides military demand , public appeal for a safe civil navigation has also promoted the development of the GPS .
In 1983 , a US civilian airliner KAL 007 was shot down by the Soviet Union Air Force by mistake when it lost its way and flew into the airspace of the Soviet Union without authorization . Thus , the US civilians blamed the government for its ignorance in the safety of civil navigation .
In order to calm the masses and avoid such disasters in future , the then president Ronald Regan promised to apply GPS to civilian users as well as military once it was completed
( Lawry , 2006 ) . And due to the immense pressure of the public , the US government turned off the SA ( Selective Available ) in May 2000 . This leads the the GPS to develop from a critically military supplied technology to a system for both civilian and military use
( Gibbon Media& Research LLC , 2007 ) .
The idea of GPS is first put forward in the nineteen forties .
Since then , both the military and the public have demanded for precise navigation , which promoted the further development of GPS and make it into what we see today -a precise dual-use global positioning system for both the civilians and the military forces .
Technology is the practical application of knowledge , especially in a specific area .
This essay will compare and contrast the discovery of penicillin and the development of embryonic stem cells , in terms of impetus of the invention , involvement of the researchers in the innovation development and the of the inventions on society .
The impetus of these technologies comes from the needs of society .
The embryonic stem cells technology has developed rapidly during a short period because society needs a new way of transplantation .
Similarly , because the society needed a new medicine to treat some diseases like pneumonia , penicillin was discovered .
The discovery of penicillin is by accident and after a long time , it was used as medicine .
The impetus of these technologies is society needs .
However , there are slight differences between these two technologies in terms of the researchers involved .
For technology that is developed via research , like the stem cells , it tends to involve a large group of researchers and even researchers from different countries .
However , for the serendipitous discovery , it seems to involve a smaller group of people , and sometimes only individual .
Researchers involved in these two kinds of technologies are almost the same , with slight differences between them .
Last but not least , their effects on society also have similarities and differences .
Both promote social development .
If doctors use organs which are obtained by stem cells , many technical problems can be solved , like rejection reaction and organ shortage .
The differences lie in the length of time taken for it to be widely used by the majority of people .
Technology developed via research will take a shorter time to be accepted by majority of the people , while technology developed via serendipitous discovery may be rejected by people .
There are similarities and differences between technologies developed via research and serendipitous discovery .
In future , more and more useful technologies will be developed and they can give us a lot of benefits .
The world has become much richer and more complete with inventions or innovations .
Putting these ideas into actions and facing obstacles that come along the way leads to technological innovation .
During this process , technological innovation is affected by economical and social factors which shaped the innovation .
One of the many innovations that help to make our lives convenient is " Refrigeration " .
This is a technology that is shaped by a society in the past which was desperate to preserve its food .
Ice from mountains or snowy areas were transported to warmer regions where they were wrapped in cloth and placed in cellas .
The ice box was made of a metal linked box insulated with cork or snow dust with one compartment to put the ice and another to store the perishables .
The civil war in the US interrupted the ice trade .
The idea of refrigeration is built based on the principle that when liquid changes to gas , it absorbs heat as it expands in a self contained cycle , and air or other fluid surrounding the device can be reduced in temperature .
Using this principle , the gas refrigerator and the electric refrigerator were built .
Gas refrigerators use ammonia or the compression refrigerant .
The gas refrigerator did not comprise any moving parts and therefore it would not break down easily .
Electric refrigerators use an electric motor to pump the coolant or the refrigerant around the enclosed system .
Unlike gas refrigerators , electric refrigerators are noisy and a disruption in the supply of electricity would mean that the refrigerator would stop working .
When gas refrigerations develop a leak , the gas released is irritating and slightly corrosive .
Since the gases used in a gas refrigerators are usually poisonous and flammable , people are not very comfortable with having such gases in their houses .
Therefore , safety concerns outweigh the advantages of gas refrigerators and make the situation favourable for electric refrigators .
Economic factors have also contributed to the success of electric refrigerators .
Since greater economic profits could be gained from manufacturing electric refrigerators as compared to gas refrigerators , large firms started to invest huge amount of research ad development ( R&D ) funding into producing the electric refrigerators , as well as to promote it aggressively .
Therefore , small firms producing gas refrigerators could not compete with the strong competition . With insufficient resources for R & D , further developments of the refrigerator were not possible and it was also difficult to keep the prices of gas refrigerators competitive . The gas refrigerators were forced to go out of sales and the sales of the electric refrigerator continued to boom .
Therefore , economic profit gained from the product would also affect technological innovation .
In conclusion , the path of technological innovation is shaped by many factors .
In the case of refrigeration , gas refrigeration was invented first but due to corporate profitability , R &D fundings were provided for the electric refrigerations . It was then developed further to meet the various demands of people and brought into use widely around the world .
The production of gas refrigerations on the other hand , was forced to close down due to the lack of R & D funding .
Safety has also been a main concern in this technological innovation .
As the gases used in the gas refrigerator were not safe , it was not popular among the consumers .
Therefore , factors such as safety concerns and corporate profitability have played a part in shaping the technological innovation of refrigeration .
The length of the tank 's history is almost one hundred year since 1916 when it was first used as a secret weapon of the British .
If we trace its history further , we can see that Leonardo de Vinci had drawn a similar picture of tank in the 15th century .
Although we are not sure what kind of materials and technologies Vinci had tried to use when constructing his " tank " , we are still astonished by his ingenious imagination .
However , the tank is not a common vehicle for many people .
Most people do not have a chance to operate a tank , but they are interested in it .
The tank is tightly related to war since the first day it was born .
Inevitably , government and military demand for the tank play a vital role in its development .
Both the Triple Entente and Triple Alliance encountered problems with the trench warfare while fighting each other during World War I ( WWI ) .
The British government was very worried about the situation .
After a while , the British government not only took his advice but also organized a professional group to design and produce the tank .
Since the technologies used in tanks and common vehicles are quite the same , the vehicle industry quickly became the pillar industry of many industrialized countries .
It provided many job opportunities as well as markets .
However , after WWI , the leader of the Nazi Party in Germany , Hitler , became very enthusiastic about the mass production of the automobile , because he wanted to use the technology to produce more tanks for World War II ( WWII ) .
Germany was not allowed to have tanks because of the Treaty of Versailles. .
In 1933 , Hitler met Ferdinan Porsche , the founder of the Porsche , and talked about " Volkswagen " .
With the government investment in the research , a cheap automobile called the " beetle " was born in 1936 .
After WWII , the development of tanks has never stopped .
The most common type is the main battle tank ( MBT ) .
Compared to the original tank , the modern tank has a navigation system , infrared night-vision scope , composite armor , etc .
It seems that all the powerful countries are involved in this technological competition .
Russia has T-72 and
the U.S. has M1A1 .
However , no matter how well they have developed their tanks , casualties are inevitable in the war .
Maybe more people will die in wars after new tanks are being introduced .
In conclusion , tank is a great engineering product which government , global politics and military industry have shaped together .
.
Its quick development and adaptability in the battle field is incomparable .
It plays the main role in land battle in modern warfare .
The success of a technology not only depends on how well it resolves the targeted need but also the social considerations it incurs when being introduced to the consumer market .
" The network of power " , a book by Thomas Hughes , addresses one pertinent problem on the way we view technology .
We tend to be blinded by the benefits of a technology and overlook the importance of understanding it as an entire system .
By looking at the development of automobiles , from electric vehicles to gasoline-powered cars , we are able to understand how economic factors have influenced oil magnates , car manufacturers and the government , which ultimately shaped this technological innovation .
With the rise of an alternate fuel source , oil companies may suffer a loss in profits and the possibility of being put out of business .
They may even resort to underhanded means like spreading false information about the new technology .
For instance , doubts were cast on the ability of batteries delivering 100km per charge .
Even if there is a more environmentally friendly fuel , they would resist to develop it .
Car manufacturers are the next immediate culprit culpable for the continued devlopment of gasoline-powered vehicles , rather than focusing on the environmentally friendly electric car .
They know that their core group of customers are a group of non-risk takers who are still uncertain about the new technology .
From a consumer point of view , it does not offer good value for the money spent .
The road users would not pay more for an underpowered vehicle or to be environmenenvironmentally friendly .
Furthermore , carmakers have tried to promote cars using the hydrogen technology , which may still require years of development .
This smokescreen failed to hide the truth that they are afraid to lose the customers .
The government is another deciding factor in shaping the automobile technology .
For example , in 1998 the Carlifornia Air Resource Board mandated that any car company capable of producing electric cars must ensure that 2 percent of their sales are emission-free cars .
However , despite 5000 electric cars being manufactured , 4000 were scraped after major car dealers pressured the government to cancel the mandate .
In other words , the governemnt takes into account the collapse of the automobile and oil industries and the consequences that will ensue , such as the loss of jobs and the increase in unemployment .
To sum up , oil companies , car manufacturers and the government have considered issues from the economic point of view and realised that the consequences of making electric cars are too drastic .
The oil and automobile industries are too lucrative and at the same time crucial to the overall economy , so much so that issues regarding pollution and environment are secondary to it .
Hence , the automobile technology is ultimately shaped by oil magnates , car companies and the government .
The two problems are attitude and funding , which have severe impact on the local engineering process for innovations .
The engineering design process for innovations can be broken down into 3 stages : creativity , process and materialization .
The two problems will be elaborated on how they impact the engineering process for innovations .
This could be due to personal and social attitude towards innovation .
We shall begin with the individual attitude and examine it hampers the local engineering process for innovations .
Singaporeans tend to be prudent and stable .
Being prudent , Singaporeans tend to be less adventurous when compared to their western counterparts .
One common scenario would be for parents to advise their children , especially those with tertiary education , to get a decent job and contribute to the family 's expenditure .
If their children want to go into the research and development profession , such as to become a researcher in a university , they will be discouraged .
Children who later grow up into adults do not do not utilize their creativity , which may be helpful in the engineering design process .
The second part would be the society 's attitude in seeking to hamper the engineering process for innovations . An example would be Paddy Tan , the creator who came up with the unique service that allows owners who have lost their mobile phones to track them down .
When he initially launched his software , the response was lukewarm .
He had to bring his product overseas before his product became popular .
The local society does not have a positive attitude in accepting new engineering innovations and this could affect the materialization stage of the engineering process for innovation .
If no one wants to accept a new product , it will be hard for it to exist in the market and this will also deter people from participating in the engineering design process for innovations .
A good example is the formula racing car of the National University Of Singapore ( NUS ) . The initial stages required the professor and his students to each come up with three hundred dollars to purchase the necessary parts .
However not all inventors have the luck of achieving initial success and thus receiving funding .
Failure to secure funding will turn away inventors with engineering flair
Serendipity is the accidental discovery of a new idea , and the 3M post-it pad is one of such example .
On 4 July 2009 , The Straits Times reported the development of a new product to help the deaf experience sound , the Haptic Chair , by researchers from the National University of Singapore ( NUS ) .
Both innovations bring benefit to the lives of people .
A case of serendipity occurred a few decades ago when researchers from 3M laboratories discovered a new bonding agent .
Next , he distributed pads of the post-it notes to 3M 's president 's executive secretary , who also found them useful .
Eventually , the post-it pads were further distributed to different companies , leading up to its big marketing success today
( Rogers , 2003 ) .
The product is made with the understanding that sound waves , apart from travelling through air , can also travel through solid matter
( Grace , 2009 ) .
The difference between serendipitous discoveries and researched technologies are the types of resources invested in their development .
A serendipitous discovery happens by chance , and has no pre-allocated funds or project timeframe to adhere to .
The post-it pads came about because the 3M researcher happened to have some non-permanent adhesive , and he decided to come out with a new product on his own .
Before he gave the post-it pads to others , no funds or expertise were assigned to him for the post-it 's development .
In the case of The Haptic Chair , a team of researchers had worked together with Suranga Nanayakkara .
A lot of time and effort were put in by the team before it could actually come out with the product .
The post-it pads were only found to be successful after they were given to the 3M president 's executive secretary , who found them useful and mass-distributed them to various companies .
The general public is required to see the item as something useful before it was deemed to be successful .
In The Straits Times article , it was reported that partially deaf musicians like teen piano prodigy Azariah Tan found various aspects of the invention intriguing
( Rogers , 2003 and Grace , 2009 )
For the 3M researcher , he has identified the need to stick notes on paper without leaving adhesive stains to damage original documents ; for the NUS student , he has identified the need to create a product to aid those with hearing problems .
Both technologies benefit the lives of people , and have potentials for profit .
In conclusion , we have come to learn that new technologies can come about via research and via serendipitous discoveries .
What we do need to bear in mind is this : technologies of both natures serve different groups of people in different ways , and they ultimately bring benefits to the lives of people .
Innovation occurs when there is a need for a new product or service . When someone faces a problem and motivates people to find ways to solve it , new ideas are generated .
As we need equipment to solve problems .
Many technological innovations are made via scientific research or the interaction of scientific investigations and applying them on practical needs and problems .
A new idea is created from the rigorous process of research .
Others may be serendipitously invented .
Serendipity means unexpected discoveries or inventions .
These findings are often unpredictable .
Serendipitous discovery can happen to anyone as well as in any field .
This stimulates development and research to create something in order to solve the problem or fulfill a need .
For example , General Motor 's electric car was developed because of the need to meet the requirements of environmentally friendly cars . .
Besides that , General Motor wishes to reposition itself as an innovative company .
These are the two factors that drive it to initiate the research and develop the electric car .
When asked to investigate the death of a farmer 's cow , a professor
found that an anticoagulation agent called coumarin was the cause when the hay stem punctured the cow 's stomach .
Years later he experimented it as a rat killer , and found that it was a very effective rodenticide .
The main contrast between technology created via research and technology created serendipitously is that the former has a clear direction and the latter is created while in the process of researching something which is totally unrelated .
With the use of findings through basic research and investigations , they are able to discover and develop new tools to solve problems .
However , the latter does not have a specific objective , the discovery is purely unpredictable .
In conclusion , innovation occurs at anywhere and anytime .
Through constant exchanges of information about problems , human needs and wants , we can come up with better ideas to solve problems and make our world a better place to live in .
Rogers ( 2003 ) defines technology as a design for instrumental action that reduces the uncertainty in the cause-effect relationships involved in achieving a desired outcome .
However , some unpredicted technologies were invented by accident .
Both the stove and the microwave oven are used to cook our daily meal at home but they were discovered in two different ways .
We will use these stages to compare and contrast the two different technologies .
In the past , people used fire , coal , or heat from the sun to cook .
the stove was invented because people need to cook by applying heat to the food .
Dr. Percy Spencer discovered the microwave technology by serendipity when he found that the candy bar in his pouch melted when he was experimenting with his new magnetron .
The history of the stove and microwave shows that serendipity and researched technology have come from very different beginnings .
Serendipity comes from a branch of a problem or need , while research technology comes straight from the problem or needs .
Subsequently , technology on basic application needs to be researched further .
The stove has undergone a very long history and it has been tested and improved over the centuries .
Similarly , the basic application of the microwave oven is progressively being improvised from the technology of the microwave radio signal radar .
Thus , we can see that both technologies refer to their basic applications for further research .
Next , when the basic and application research are established , the development of the product will begin .
The first known stove was built on the ground with sticks forming a tripod to hold the cooking pot above the heat source .
Today , it has become very compact and light , and features like the automatic functions allow users to cook with just pressing a button .
In conclusion , we have compared and contrasted the serendipitous and research technology using the three stages of innovation-development process .
The results show that both technologies were developed in two very different ways --- research technology is created via recognition of problems and need , while serendipitous technology is discovered by pure accident and has no purpose at the beginning .
However , the two technologies are similar in the stages on basic application and development .
It can be sub-divided into two categories of being developed through research and serendipitous discovery .
The two categories aim at improving the quality of people 's lives and numerous trials are needed for its success . The technologies differ in how they came about and they are being accepted by other people .
One similarity between both categories is achieving the aim of improving the quality of life for people .
The Bionic eyes are being developed as engineers thought of ways to improve visual displays in various fields , such as gaming and the aviation industry .
They hope to develop lenses that will allow players to be entirely immersed in the game , and to move without any constraints .
For the aviation industry , it is hope that through the new technology , pilots will be able to know the speed of the plane almost immediately .
The 3M 's Post-its come in very handy when people want to remind themselves of various events or when people want to comment on essays without writing on them .
It is convenient to use as it can stick to almost any surfaces and be peeled off easily without leaving any marks .
In addition , both technologies have gone through numerous trials before they become what they are now .
In the case of the Bionic eyes , the challenges were to choose materials that are harmless to the body and to put circuit boards in contact lenses which are tiny in size .
They also had to consider how to create slim layers of circuit boards to be placed inside the contact lenses .
As for the invention of Post-its , the researchers were initially looking for a bonding agent that allows paper to bond . But along the way , another type of bonding agent was discovered , and it was deemed useless at first because it did not achieve its original aim .
One of the differences is how the technologies came about .
For the Bionic eyes , it was done via research after it was seen in a movie called 'Terminator ' , where a woman is able to zoom into places that are far away .
This gave the engineers the idea of turning what they see in movies into realities .
Post-its was discovered accidentally by researches who were trying to find bonding agents that can be used to bind papers firmly to a surface .
It was a by-product of what the researchers were trying to achieve .
It was once deemed " worthless " until people found uses for it and it has become one of the most commonly used products in our daily life and one of the products that make the most revenue for 3M .
For the Bionic eyes , it is easier for the public to accept it as this was done with the aim of developing lenses that will help improve the quality of life .
It will also be easier to find people to help market this product .
Post-its was initially seen as a 'failure product ' .
It is only accepted and marketed by the company after someone started sending samples out to the Fortune 500 companies to test the product .
It may have been abandoned and 3M may not be making such so much revenue out of it each year .
In conclusion , both technologies , be it developed via research or from a serendipitous discovery , have achieved the aim of improving the lives of people .
Initial acceptance of the two technologies may be different , which in turn depends on the mindset of the public .
One of the earliest inventions was the wheel .
Over the past decade , a new term " skunkworks " has surfaced .
This term describes the existence of a small groups of researchers who are not bound by corporate rules and politics .
There are several similarities and differences between the technologies generated by " skunkworks " and conventionally generated technologies .
Products generated by each environment may appear similar , but they actually differ in many ways . The environment plays an important part in shaping their distinctive features .
The first similarity that conventionally generated technologies and " skunkworks " generated technologies share is the ability to produce cutting-edge technology .
For example , the IMPACT car developed by General Motors ( GM ) and the Toshiba laptop .
The IMPACT car was conventionally generated by GM to change the fate of automobiles .
The second similarity is that for both environments , generally large amount of money and support has to be put in by the head company .
Hence , long hours are required before any results are visible .
A few examples include GM developing the first electric car named IMPACT , Apple developing their first Macintosh computer and Xerox 's attempt at developing the world 's first personal computer .
Thus , it is evident that huge amount of financing and support is generally required in both environments .
However
there are instances where " skunkworks " environments have little financing and support from the head company .
As a result , the Toshiba laptop has received very little marketing as compared to the IMPACT car by GM .
This has resulted in very different products being developed in each environment .
The " skunkworks " environment has been able to provide the developers with the flexibility and freedom required to break traditional barriers and develop cutting-edge technologies .
Furthermore , " skunkworks " environment is very stressful as compared to the traditional corporate environment due to the lack of financing and hence , the room for error becomes much smaller .
The last and perhaps the most significant difference in the environments has to be the difference in the features of technologies developed by each environment .
An example of such a difference is again present in the IMPACT car and the Toshiba laptop .
Under the stressful skunkworks environment , the researchers from Toshiba are able to think critically and design a product to meet the needs of the society .
On the other hand , the researchers from GM have failed to realize that the public and society were not ready for their invention .
In conclusion , it is clear that the technology churned out by a " skunkworks " environment differs greatly from that of a conventionally generated technology .
The features and characteristics of the " skunkworks " technology set it apart from conventionally generated technology .
.
Innovations can emerge though research or it may be from some serendipitous discoveries .
A certain type of technology may be developed and polished through numerous research and experiment .
On the other hand , another may be discovered purely by chance .
Two typical examples are the electric cars and the Warfarin .
The electric car is invented by some hardworking engineers , while the Warfarin is being discovered serendipitously .
Although they are initialized differently , there are several similarities in the developing process .
Generally , technologies that are developed through research often begin with the need for practical uses or the recognition of a social problem .
The electric car is not an exception .
As the situation of the environment on earth becomes worse and the energy resources are depleting quickly , the need for inventing pollution-free and energy- saving cars is urgent .
Some governments encourage automobile companies to produce environmentally friendly cars .
The motivation of engineers to design electric cars is obvious .
Nobody knew that the chemical in spoiled sweet clover that caused cattle hemorrhage could actually be used as a rat poison until Link , the scientist , accidentally found it .
Even he was surprised when he found the chemical to be highly lethal to rats .
Despite the huge difference that exists in identifying and initializing the innovations developed through research and via serendipitous discovery , there are similarities in some aspects of development .
Serendipitous discoveries can not be put into use straightaway .
Innovations and technologies are for the public use , and they are not completed without confirmations from lab work and data. .
Technologies that are developed via research and from serendipitous discovery are similar in the way that they benefit the society .
Both technologies are globally adopted by the public , and they bring benefits to the whole society .
To sum up , technologies developed via research and from serendipitous discovery are differently initialized .
However , they are similar in the sense that they have to undergo the same process of experiments and research , and both can be very successful and bring benefits to the whole society .
During the process of developing innovations , it is important to consider every detail seriously and the possibility of making serendipitous discoveries .
There are numerous problems that are faced by the world today .
Governments of different countries may have different agenda lists ; however , aging population is definitely an issue present in the list .
Engineers play a huge role in assisting the government to achieve the aim of creating a better and safer environment for the elderly to live in .
With a safer environment , the welfare of the elderly will be improved and less social problems will occur .
Some examplesxamples of such engineering design are the building of ramps at the main entrance of the flats , handrails at the side of the stairs and providing buses for the wheelchair bound .
For example , the Housing Development Board ( HDB ) had implemented several designs to improve the convenience of the elderly , such as installing lifts on every storey and building wider internal corridors and hallways .
The designs had proven to be useful for the flat holders when the HDB first implemented them .
According to Khandani ( 2005 ) , after each solution is generated , it must be tested and implemented to see the effects brought on by the solution .
In this case , there are positive effects associated with the engineering designs made for the HDB flats , and thus the government had implemented the solution throughout Singapore .
Many different countries have come up with many different innovative designs to facilitate the objective .
One of such designs is the wheelchair bound bus provided by the Singapore SMRT Corporation Ltd ( SMRT )
This wheelchair bound bus was first implemented in the European countries , and people have found that the design is innovative , and it benefits the elderly and the handicap .
There is an engineering design process mentioned by Khandani ( 2005 ) which states that when engineers are thinking of the solution to the problem , they should actually research for more information on the relevant issue and observe how the others approach the problem .
Hence , in this case , SMRT has observed the good response from the other countries that had implemented this form of transport , and has decided to try out the transport in Singapore .
Generally , the engineering design process consists mainly of the five procedures mentioned by Khandani ( 2005 ) which includes defining the problem , gathering the relevant information , thinking of solutions to the problem , analyzing and selecting one solution , and testing it out by implementing it .
Although all the steps mentioned by Khandani ( 2005 ) are crucial for designing a good engineering product , the most important step is to test the solution and see the public would response to it .
This is because every engineering product is designed to serve the people and to bring a greater convenience to their lives .
In conclusion , engineering design is a never ending process , and it is the duty of the engineers to keep coming up with solutions to solve the pressing issue of creating better products for the aging population .
An increasing death rate due to traffic accidents has become a major problem in many countries .
The World Health Organisation ( WHO ) states that traffic accidents are in the ninth position among the reasons which lead to death .
When considering the European Union , 1.3 million road traffic accidents occur each year , resulting in 1.7 million injuries and over 40000 death annually ( International Journal of Health Geographic ) .
Even Singapore which implements strong traffic laws and regulations has also been affected by this traffic accident problem .
The accident rate per 10,000 vehicles has increased from 2.34 in 2006 to 2.60 in 2007 in Singapore ( Singapore Police Force ) .
The three important features in the engineering design process will cater to the need to form a new traffic system .
Firstly , a feature in the design process is the identification of the problem and to gather pertinent information .
This step will allow us to identify the reasons for traffic accidents from different angles .
It will help us to identify problems in the current system by doing various studies of the current traffic system .
The studies include the gathering of relevant information to analyse the situation .
For example , doing traffic counts , area-wide surveys and parking surveys , as well as identifying the speed of moving vehicles could help to gain a better understanding of the problem .
For instance , the Times of India states that there was a survey taken in India to measure the percentage of vehicles on the road and the percentage of people taking public transports ( citation ) . This survey has really helped people to understand which cities have high rates of traffic jams and the reasons for them .
Another important feature is the idea generation process .
This is a very important process as it is the point where we will be able to come up with solutions to the problems .
In the process , we will be able to analyse the statistics/surveys that we have obtained and generate new ideas to solve the problem .
These solutions may include devices to identify speeding vehicles and to make sure that there is sufficient spacing between vehicles .
The Netherlands was the first country to implement such road safety devices and they prove to be helpful as road accident rates dropped by 25 % in 2000 as compared to accident rates in 1985 ( citation ) .
From this we can understand that it is essential to come up with a system which is useful in various ways .
So it is important to come up with ideas which will be useful and economical .
It is the point where we will select the solution which best suits the current situation .
To conclude , it is very clear that engineering design process will be a useful method in solving the current traffic problem .
The three important features mentioned are problem identification , solution analysis and selection . They are the key features of the design process which will be really useful in solving the problem .
There are many pressing issues that need to be addressed in the current world .
They are problems like global warming and aging population .
We need to solve these problems as soon as possible .
The need for better health care should be the given priority since it affects us directly .
Hence , many health care products are created and modelled by engineers to meet this need .
In recent years , there were two viral outbreaks that affected us badly and they are caused by the Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome ( SARS ) and the Influenza A ( H1N1 ) virus .
These viruses are very contagious and their victims show a common symptom --- fever .
The engineers have come up with new thermometers that can help to contain the spread .
In the process of developing them , engineers can follow the engineering design processes described by Khandani ( 2005 ) .
Firstly , by understanding what they need , , or " designing the problem " , engineers will know that the new thermometer has to minimise contact between users to prevent the spreading of virus .
Other than that , engineers will also need to go through the process of " analysing and selecting a solution " to make sure that the new product is fairly safe before releasing it into the market and it will not cause any health problem to the user .
As a result , the ear thermometer was introduced , which is safe and fast to use .
It also minimises with the ear by using a plastic cover on the detector that will be disposed after use .
From the original design that requires manual operation to being moved with the touch of single button , the wheelchair has undergone many changes .
Every change is made possible not by chance , but by following a set of engineering design processes , like the set mentioned in Khandani ( 2005 ) .
Ever since the first wheelchair is being made , it has benefitted many people .
However , engineers were not satisfied because they felt that it can be improved further , after looking at how the users used it .
They started the process of creating an automated wheelchair by " defining the problem " that some users do not have enough strength to push the wheelchair .
After that , engineers have to " gather pertinent information " to make sure that this problem is real by doing a survey on the users , so that they will not waste time designing something that the market does not need .
And when they have the ideas on how to solve this problem , they need to ensure that they select the idea that is achievable with the current technology by " analysing the solutions " .
Some wheelchair users will try it and find if it has met criteria like user-friendliness , before it is released into the market .
In conclusion , the two examples we mentioned have shown that engineering processes can play a big part in the designing phrase of a product .
Specifically , in the operating system ( OS ) market , there are two well-known examples --- the Mac OS developed by Apple and the free open-source Linux OS .
These two OS reflect the obvious difference between the two ways of developing technology in their hardware platform : interface and price .
Meanwhile , Linux , coded in the skunkwork environment , does not have that much funds and ability to compare with Mac at that level .
The second difference between Mac and Linux lies in their structures .
Mac users , on the other hand , are restricted from the entering the system files .
This makes the Linux OS more popular among computer programmers and others who work in the field of information technology .
It is agreed by programmers from largest IT corporations such as IBM and Sun Microsystems that Linux has so far the most suitable environment for high-performance computing .
Despite their different structures and platforms , the two operating systems are quite secured .
Being a skunkwork project , Linux has the advantage of price .
The requirement of a high level of computing knowledge makes Linux not popular among the average computer users .
Mac , in contrast , was designed for entertainment and it is easy to use .
Apple is also very efficient at advertising their product worldwide , and so even when Mac and its software are much more expensive than for a normal OS , they are still one of the most wanted .
Furthermore , with the coming price drop , Mac is expected to be the operating system of choice for education and business .
However , research shows that the world is fast approaching two billion cars ( Sperling & Gordon , 2009 ) , and this poses a problem in the form of environmental pollution as well as causes adverse effects on our economy .
According to Nieuwenhuis and Wells ( 1994 ) , " in the early 1900s , when gasoline cars starting gaining popularity , resources like gasoline and steel could still be found in abundance " ( p.53 ) .
Every time a car is being driven on the road , it drains the world 's conventional petroleum resources , and contributes more to global warming .
Hybrid cars solve part of these problems by using more reusable material like plastic , as well as making them lighter and relying more on electricity to reduce fuel consumption and carbon emissions ( Berman , 2006 ) .
With the depletion of natural resources , funds have to be diverted into researching a cheaper alternative to gasoline .
While the damage done by our continued reliance on cars and gasoline is severe , it is still not too late to do something about it .
Both Tamiflu and Penicillin benefit the human population though they work on different micro-organisms .
Most bacteria have rigid cell walls , which prevent them from bursting when they are placed in solutions of lower salt concentration .
However , viruses do not have cell walls and thus Penicillin has no effect on them .
Tamiflu is a neuraminidase inhibitor , and thus the virus is unable to exit the host cell and dies ( Roche , 2006 ) .
Due to the distinct difference in the structures of virus and bacteria , Tamiflu and Penicillin perform differently with them .
Penicillin has the ability to cure people who are from the once-fatal bacterial diseases .
Similarly , Tamiflu has also proven to be effective in the treatment and prevention of influenza in adults and in children .
Regardless of whether the technology is developed via research or discovered serendipitously , it has contributed significantly to mankind .
For instance , there is always a need for new and better anti-flu drugs as virus mutate very easily and will soon acquire resistance to Tamiflu .
Perhaps in a few years ' time , the real cure for influenza virus will be discovered serendipitously and till that day , influenza virus will continue to be a threat to us .
It would be most appropriate to explain this phenomenon by comparing the key features of the two different types .
In contrast , the Sony VAIO AR , a laptop for Sony that is created in a conventional environment , has a battery life of 2.5 hours . Hence it is not as popular as the Macbook Pro .
However , in a conventional environment , there are restrictions and standard procedures to follow closely .
In fact , this technology was accepted by cement industries and environmentalists incorrect in-text citation.This clearly illustrates that a well researched technology gathers more support as it is perceived that a technology that has solid proof ( via experimentations and research ) has lesser unexpected outcomes in future , compared to a serendipitously discovered invention .
The interesting fact is that this project is funded by the government-backed Technology Strategy Board
In my opinion , serendipitously discovered technology faces problems when it comes to gathering support and marketing while a well researched technology faces problems during the research and development stage .
The online video sharing website , Youtube , for example managed to grasp this concept and gained immense popularity within six months , hitting a peak of 4000 from 200 daily page views per million in May ( Anderson , 2006 ) .
The website is developed to integrate Macromedia flash player software tool that enable internet users to view youtube videos from their web browsers directly , without having to download it to their computers and view it with secondary video playing programs such as window media player ( incorrect in-text citation ) .
Thus , the time and computer hardware space needed to view a video is effectively shortened to provide greater convenience .
This convenience and ease of use , appeals to many internet users who do not have very fast and stable internet connections by allowing them to watch their videos online as it downloads .
Since anyone can upload any video on to Youtube and allow anyone on Youtube to view it , many uploaded videos containing inappropriate content are easily accessible to minors .
The exclusive right granted to the orginal original author to be credited for his work is valued to the extent that it ... became a law in many societies .
However , a huge amount of videos posted online consist of television shows , music videos , movies and animes that were without the permission of their creators .
Subsequently , this forced Youtube to introduce its " Video ID " system which will check uploaded videos with a database of copyrighted material and deny any uploading if it finds a match ( Youtube , 2009 ) .
It is also intensively consumer focused and very flexible and is able to adapt to the needs and demands of internet users quickly .
In addition , regular novel upgrades to its website continue to entice more webs surfers as well as generate more internet traffic to their website .
In this essay , we will discuss an innovation of a Bluetooth communication system for cyclists , one of the problems that the Bluetooth innovation faces and the impacts the problem has on certain stages of the process .
This Bluetooth communication system ( bike bug ) encounters the challenge of a lack of market demand which affects the commercialization process of it launched into the market .
Although , the number of cyclists who ride in large groups has risen over the years , the number of official members of " joyriders " stood at 120 in May 2007 ( JoyRiders , 2006 ) . Compared to Singapore 's population of 4.84 million people in June 2008 ( Singapore Government , 1871 ) , the number of cyclists that cycle in groups are insignificant .
Therefore , this indicates that the demand is low as cyclists who travel alone , in pairs , or in small groups and those people who do not cycle do not require nor have the need for the bike plural .
The structure of the bike bug 's earpiece does not fit snuggly into the cyclist 's ear .
Third , it is the acceptance level of consumers .
Even though 33 million of Bluetooth headsets were shipped in , the figure is expected to increase to over 55 million in ( Bluetooth special interest group , 2006 ) . Compared to the world population of 6,808,515,373 people ( Geohive , 2009 ) , who use Bluetooth , this is considered the minority .
Hence , as the bike bug is a Bluetooth headset gadget , I predict a dim future for its sales record .
With this two sub-factors plus the slow acceptance of Bluetooth headset compared to other Bluetooth devices , potential manufacturers of the bike bug are deterred as it is not economically practical to mass produce the bike bikebugs .
It is therefore shown that for bike bugs to be successfully launched into society , much is needed to raise the bike bug 's popularity among the public .
.
Being one of the manufacturers who wanted to outwit IBM , the inventors of Compaq pondered how to develop laptop computers that were faster , superior in qualities , and offered additional features to please consumers .
For this case , Compaq was in the mainstream of developing portable computers , but exceeded what IBM had to offer to consumers with an awesome BIOS System .
When Tetsuya Mizoguchi , the inventor of Toshiba laptop computer envisioned developing a product which was compatible to an IBM system , he was obstructed by the fact that corporate leaders at Toshiba deemed the development of such a product as difficult ( Rogers , 2003 ) .
Moreover , the company at that time suffered huge losses in marketing their personal computers .
18 engineers examined IBM 's BIOS system and figured the development on their own by reverse engineering .
The engineers were divided into 2 . One group on analyzing the original codes , another on making notes on how it exactly functioned .
Though Compaq and Toshiba took different approaches in developing laptop computers , they had the same motive of creating great laptop computers and took part in the big pie in the market .
Initially , BlackBerry smartphones were introduced for plural , politicians and lawyers ( McKenna , Waldie , & Avery , 2009 ) .
Consequently , BlackBerry Enterprise Server ( BES ) was also released to help businessmen keep track of their works and keep in touch with their employees .
As the demand of the 'so'called normal users increased , RIM had to evolve .
In fact , according to Dabrowski , the majority of subscribers in the three months which 'ended ' on February 29th was " non-enterprise " users ( Dabrowski , 2009 ) .
The release of Storm marked a milestone for RIM when it gave up its well-known QWERTY keyboard to give way for a new trend .
In August 2009 , a most renowned non-profit organisation on applied research in United States known as , Southwest Research Institute ( SwRI ) was awarded the 2009 R&D 100 Award for developing a Plasma Enhanced Magnetron Sputter ( PEMS ) technology that is particularly meant for coating .
On the other hand , the largest independent research university in the state of Ohio , Case Western Reserve University ( CWRU ) developed a technology for new applications in packaging via accidental discovery
Lastly , the application for SwRI technology includes ( SwRI , 2009b ) aero-engine components , land-based turbine blades , helicopter rotor blades , military weaponry components and oil and gas productions .
Firstly , search-and-rescue is a crucial mission that is better performed by robots than the combat medics during times of war .
On the other hand , if the robots are used and they are attacked by the enemy , the military team can simply deploy new robots at strategic locations where the robots can avoid any chance of encountering the enemy .
The Lockheed Martin ( Lockheed Martin , 2009 ) has been proactive with skunkwork invention ever since , pioneered by L.Kelly Johnson .
On the other hand , the Aerovironment adopts conventional processes for invention .
As the UAV o operate on all types of terrain , conventional landing method was not used .
However , has adopted two different ways to land .
The Desert Hawk was designed for crush landing ( Staff Sgt .
This was not very popular among the users as it will affect the durability of the machines .
In contrast , the Raven use of advance programming to aid landing by making the UAV to experience deep stalling mode ( Army Technology , 2009 ) to greatly reduce speed and impact for landing .
Whenever the route is changed during flight , it requires some amount of time before the pre-allocated waypoint can be reset .
The Raven was able to switch between two modes of operation such that the second mode allows users to operate the UAV manually ( Army Technology , 2009 ) .
The Raven is now operated by eight military forces around world and the number increasing
while the Desert Hawk is the only user still operating the UAV .
With all the improvement and continuous development , it makes the future generation of UAV to be better than what we have today .
Technology has been evolving fast throughout in the 50 years .
In fact , these technologies may be categorized into two types : conventional and skunkworks .
The smallest laptop it produced , Toshiba 's Libretto U100-S213 , has only the size of 21.0 x 3.33 x16.51 cm and weighs 2.2 pounds .
On the other hand , Apple has also released its highly portable laptop called Macbook Pro which is the thinnest 17-inch laptop in the world .
Its fashionable design has brought it many customers , especially the young people .
There has not been dramatic changes in the design of Toshiba laptop over the last 20 years .
Since the lifespan of the laptop might be difficult to measure , we can investigate the durability of their batteries .
The battery pack in Macbook Pro occupies the space of the removable battery and obtains 40 percent more capacitance .
In contrast , although Toshiba has also adopted lithium-ion cell battery pack in its laptop , the longest battery life was measured to be 5.1 hours , which is much shorter than Macbook Pro .
Therefore , in terms of design and battery durability , Mac laptop has better performance than Toshiba laptop .
Although Mac laptop seems to have a bigger market , Toshiba never stops innovating new types of laptops .
It is hard to conclude which technology is better : conventional or skunkworks .
When the first laptop was developed , Japanese computer users found it hard to work .
This was mainly due to the lack of space for a desktop computer .
Furthermore , most of the Japanese did not have a computer at home .
Hence , these drove Tetsuya Mizoguchi to develop a portable computer , although the idea was rejected by his company , Toshiba ( Rogers , 2003 ) .
The laptop could have developed much earlier , if Toshiba had taken the risk to develop the portable computer .
During that time , Toshiba had just suffered huge losses with the failure of their latest personal computer ( Rogers , 2003 ) .
Therefore , they were unwilling to take risks , and stuck to known methods that worked .
If the leaders in Toshiba had been willing to take the risk to believe in Mizoguchi 's idea , the laptop would have developed much earlier and will not have taken 2 years to be developed .
The quality of the laptop would have also been much better , as they will have more funds and more talented people to develop the laptop .
After the first laptop was successfully developed , Toshiba still refused to market the laptop .
Fortunately , the idea of the laptop was not discarded , as it was later marketed aggressively by Toshiba Europe , which felt that the portable computer has great market value ( Rogers , 2003 ) .
This resulted in the birth of the laptop , as it started gaining popularity .
The laptop 's rising popularity led to the innovation of the laptop , as it was a great marketing success .
This has also led other companies to develop their own laptops ; so as to gain a portion of the market share .
With more competition , each company constantly tried to outdo each other by constantly developing and promoting their latest plural .
In the case of the laptop , we may not be able to see a laptop today if Mizoguchi did not aggressively push for his idea .
The first problem might be the lack of key qualities like creativity and an open mindset caused by the kind of education system we have and the environment we grew up in , while the second problem might be the aging population in our country .
These might be the two factors hindering local engineers from producing potentially creative innovations .
Therefore we can see that students are only encouraged to explore and express their creativity during their tertiary years of studies .
Thus this might affect them in a way that by not trying out new and refreshing ideas , the end product of their innovations would definitely lack lustre and appeal .
Therefore , with this problem local engineers are bound to face problems while innovating .
As we , the aged in Singapore might not be as tech savvy as the youngsters .
Therefore we might need to first look into the causes of the problems such as the Singaporeans ' " Kiasi " and " Kiasu " mindsets caused by the kind of environment we live in and probably the education system for the younger generations in Singapore .
We can even say that science and technology have been treasured so much that they are almost treated as a symbol of a country 's strength .
In fact , they consider it a waste of time .
Therefore , many scientists may make an invention , only to find that it is stolen by others and their works do not have any effect. .
In such conditions , scientists will be discouraged from inventing to some extent
Due to the above two problems , Chinese engineering design was harmed seriously .
In this year 's National Day Rally Speech , Prime Minister Lee Hsein Loog mentioned about the rapidly increasing ageing population .
Firstly , the majority of the elderly population are often not in touch with the newer technologies and most of them are unable to handle modern gadgets .
Lastly , an ageing population would mean the special care that to be directed in order to cater to the needs of them .
This is due 'to ' the kind of society we are brought up in .
Extra care and effort must be provided to consider the safety and wellbeing of the elderly .
Moreover due to the trend , products must be centered on them rather than youths .
Our government does in fact provide some kind of incentives to researchers .
" ( ) Generally , design is a process of an imagination being produced by a human .
How creative or attractive the product is will depend on the imagination of a designer , regardless of which area a designer focuses on .
The first problem is due to government related issues while the second is related to environmental issues .
First of all , government related issues will affect the engineering design process .
A good government will come out with a clear policy to help its people along the way such that 'it ' financially supports the engineers and provides sponsors for other organizations to assist in the work of an engineer .
However , even if the engineers have received financial support from the government or other organisations , the funding may be limited sometimes due to long term processes which involve problem solving methodology and testing for the innovative design to be carried out .
At the same time , the government and the companies will doubt 'whether ' this engineering design is workable or not if it takes too long to progress .
Frankly speaking , there are engineers who only care about the profit they are going to make and do not 'regard ' the effects 'that these designs ' bring to our environment. .
However , due to the increase in demand for motorbikes , the use of motorbikes results in environmental problems such as air pollution and resource depletion of fossil fuel .
In conclusion , I do think that government policies and environmental issues will hinder the engineering design for innovation .
A good government has to come out with a clear policy to benefit its people 'as well ' as be concerned about the environment environment .
Otherwise , most of the engineering design for innovation could be a failure
There are many different types of engineering disciplines in Singapore .
These are the architectural , biomedical , civil , computer , electrical , industrial , mechanical and software engineering .
For architectural , it is more related to designing of buildings for commercial , residential and industrial purposes .
Civil engineering is the focus of structuring designs for infrastructure such as bridges and roads .
Industrial engineering is the designing of multiple manufacturing products while lastly mechanical engineering , which is the oldest of the engineering field , is the designing of the mechanical systems .
According to Jonathan Dunder ( p.1 ) , engineering is the designing , troubleshooting and testing of products
Designing of engineering innovation may take up to several years of processes to see the ideal final output product coming to reality .
There is the creativity , when several ideas come to mind , followed by the process where these ideas slowly turn to reality by .
Finally is the entrepreneurship process where innovations are introduced into the new market .
During these stages of innovation , different problems are faced by engineers . Some of these problems are significant enough that may affect the progress \ development of the innovation
Here , two of the major problems will be discussed .
Experienced engineers are needed in the organization to speed up the innovation process .
So here , in Singapore , the first major problem faced in the innovation designing process is the high salaries by the senior , experienced engineers and the fresh graduate engineers from the ITEs , Polytechnics as well as the Universities .
, a statistics report done by 3.5 million members in terms of the numbers of working years singular in the engineering world , shows that the longer the singular , the higher the qualification and the higher the monthly wages will be
The ageing-population in Singapore will increase tremendously delete this phrase and insert 'and ' only 40-45 % of graduates in ITEs , Polytechnics and Universities are trained in some form of . ( Organizations in Singapore , in order to proceed with their innovations , have no choice but to turn to the more senior and experienced engineers .
The population of Singapore will increase from the current 4.8 million people to 6.5 million people in the coming years
It will cost more and it will be hard for the organization in order to be in Singapore to proceed with the engineering innovation process .
Infrastructure will also be a problem for the organization due to lack of land area .
Organizations in other countries too meet many significant difficulties during their innovation designing process .
But there are a few successful innovations by organizations in Singapore such as Creative Technology .
Now credit cards are very popular in the world .
For example the circulation of credit cards in China jumped from 3 million in 2003 to 50 million in 2006 to 122 million in 2008
How was the magical card created ?
Which factors led to its production ?
I think there are three factors which contributed to the production of credit card .
Moreover , computer technology and network technology broadened the range of credit card plural and made a strong link between the card and our daily lives .
Secondly , from an economical perspective , it can be summarized in two points : one is the consumption concept implied in the credit , that 'is ' consumption before payment .
Also to some extent 'it ' increases the value of goods .
For example , one has to spend twenty days saving money before he affords to buy a nice coat .
So one earns the extra twenty-day usage of the , thanks to the credit card .
There are several simple methods of payment by using credit card such as punching the card on POS and RFID machines . , network payment and telephone payment .
This character of credit card makes it adaptable to the pace of modern life .
In summary , the concept that should be made before payment is the main reason for credit cards ' production .
However , in China , there are some problems humping the developing of engineering designs .
From my point of view , two of the main problems are the government system and people 's minds .
Some government officials do not do well in their positions and sometimes there are official corruptions in government .
For example , when somebody or some companies want to apply new techniques into practice , in some certain situations , they have to ask the government for singular - permission .
Because of these types of officials , this process can cost a long . Hence the companies lose precious time .
Moreover , if the techniques can bring generous benefits to the company , some officials may use all kinds of excuses to delay or even refuse to give permission until they get bribes from the company .
In some other cases , in order to protect big companies , officials may prevent new techniques and engineering designs from coming into certain areas .
In modern society , 3G techniques brings a new revolution in cell phone and information industry .
The reason was that at that time some giant communication company did not have that technique they were afraid that their profitable old businesses may be replaced by 3G business .
The result is people who invent the new techniques can not benefit from them and nobody is willing to do new engineering designs .
Besides the problems in governmental system , some social conventional concepts can also obstruct the improvement of engineering designs .
They are afraid that they can not control changes in their daily lives
This concept has negative influences . On the one hand people do not want to do new engineering designs and discourage others to do so .
As a , seldom can designs be applied into practice .
They have bad effects on the development of engineering techniques in China .
However , as the world becomes more competitive and " smaller " , the government and public have realized the importance of sane policy and innovation .
Research shows that , the World Health Organization assumes that about 80 % of all disabled people worldwide live in developing countries .
It is also estimated that there are 600 million disabled people worldwide , which is about 10 % of the world population .
Among these disabled people , the World Health Organization estimates that 27-35 million people are blind in the world , of which about 20 % live Africa and 65 % live in Asia .
The number of blind is rising . Firstly because of rapid increase in population size in developing countries ; and second despite of increased longevity , ageing is related to visual loss from cataract , glaucoma and macular degeneration .
Hence , the first solution is to invent and innovate equipments that help combat blindness .
Building eye treatment centres is another way to reduce blindness .
First of all , engineers have to fabricate products which combat blindness , that are user- friendly and low cost .
We will introduce not only new paradigms of instructions but also new approaches to deliver this up to date equipments .
Secondly , it is important to build eye treatment centers where patients can get treatment and buy the optical equipment .
Additionally , an attempt will be made to work with private initiators in order to build treatment centers which is run only by people who are blind visually damaged. .
Though the special treatment for blind and visually damaged people is a once- only expense , it is very expensive .
So to finance these expenses , we have to set up community service activities such as fund raising .
It is getting even lower : from 33 % blind working people in 1995 to 29 % in 1998 ( Harris , 1998 ) .Therefore , in order them to make progress , new possibilities and new occupational areas are needed .
In conclusion , blind people should also have same opportunities as everyone . This to get freedom from extreme limitation , to accomplish and to be able to have confidence
so that other people give respect to them .
Moreover , their passions are the same as others .
They too have same dreams and assurance that they can reach their targets .
The rapid increase of cars exhausts more carbon dioxide which is actually worsening the Green House effect .
Although countries like the US have already spent more than 10 years to do research and development on electric cars ( e-car conversions ) , there are still two main problems that significantly affect its growth in the market of China .
The government support is one of the main difficulties that prohibit the development of electric cars .
First of all , the running duration of the electric cars is what the government is concerned about .
By using the most advanced batteries , a fully charged electric car can run about 160km ( ) .
However , compared to gasoline cars which can last for 500 to 600 km , the distance travelled by the electric cars is still considered as too limited .
The government worries that the electric cars will restrict the development and expansion of the big big cities due to its short running duration .
Second , the cost for building the infrastructure of electric cars is really a big amount of money .
There are about 600 cities in China . Imagine how much it costs if the battery charging facilities are built in every car park .
Besides that , the development of the electric car industry will definitely affect traditional gasoline car industries
Thousands of petrol stations will have to close petrol related service industries will also be severely affected .
As a result , many people working in these areas will lose their jobs .
The government is reluctant to see such kinds of bad influence to the economy .
Many people suggest building electric cars is eco friendly .
Although there are wasted gas treatment processes in those factories , carbon dioxide emission is still unavoidable .
The only advantage is that the factories have high efficiency resources resulting in less pollution .
Besides that , making use of batteries will also have negative influence on the earth .
Normally , batteries are not biodegradable and there are toxic substances , such as mercury , inside the batteries ) .
( ) Over the last decade , Japan has created many new technologies and creative innovations in different fields such electronic industry , transportation and nanotechnology .
The first problem is lack of appropriate source of finance and the second problem would be the mindset of Malaysians .
In 2003 , Malaysian Science and Technology Information Centre ( MASTIC ) conducted national surveys of innovation and discovered that , in Malaysia , there are about 800 innovating companies .
( ) Hence , lack of financing resources has became the major problem for them .
Therefore , the Malaysian government would concentrate more on agriculture and allocate most of their budget into it .
Furthermore , to develop innovation across a nation , mindset of citizens would be a vital part .
Malaysia 's intermediate past prime minister , Datuk Seri Abdullah Badawi ( once stated , " The way I see it , the malaise affecting Malaysia that may well jeopardize our way forward is a case of having first world infrastructure and third world mentality .
" This has somehow proven that most of the Malaysians are not improving by all means .
In my opinion , Malaysians prefer to live in a relaxing environment instead of an environment that is full of challenges .
They do not have the modal to do research although they have a great idea .
It is hard to have new ideas as they will not think out of the box .
In conclusion , the engineering design processes for innovation in Malaysia is still in the very first phase .
Malaysian government should be more concerned about these two major problems and solve them adequately .
Besides that , Malaysian should also start to work harder in order to make Malaysia a developed country instead of a developing country .
Over the years , the proportion of elderly ( residents aged 65 Years and over ) with respect to the whole population in Singapore has increased drastically .
Till last year in 2008 , it has hit the highest proportion of elderly ever seen . A shocking proportion of 8.7 % ( Singapore Government Statistics , 2009 ) .
However , the scheme did not achieve its aim as people continue to occupy the 'Priority Seats ' and did not give them up to those who need it more .
open inverted coma not required The LTA , SBS Transit and SMRT , have standardised the signs for priority seating in MRT trains .
The new signs are in blue and white , aligned with the colour code for the International Symbol of Access , and state 'Reserved Seating ' instead of 'Priority Seating ' to make the call-for-action to give up the seats in a more authoritative and forceful manner
' to promote graciousness on public transport " in the recent months .
One of the aims of this program is to promote the idea of giving up the reserved seats to those who need it more .
" It is sad to say that there has been no impact . People are still seating on thee seats even when old folks are standing near them.d " ( ) .
Firstly , instead of having a 'Reserved Seat ' , a " Reserved Carriage ' is a better idea . - A whole carriage specially for the elderly and others who are entitled to it .
This concept is similar to the method of entering the MRT station but of course , money will not be be deducted .
Secondly , we will use the idea of the 'Reserved Seat' .
Upon tapping the EZ-Link card , the seat will be 'unlocked ' and people who are entitled to the 'Reserved Seat ' are now able to sit .
In the second option , however , the elderly are taken care of by the other commuters even in the case of emergency .
The last comparison is the usage of space .
I believe that if the LTA really hopes to solve this problem , the cost would not be an issue .
I saw a documentary on CNA and they were showing that the reserved seats in their train remains empty despite the fact that the train was crowded yet no one occupied these seats .
It was mentioned that the Koreans have much respect for the old and they are more gracious " ( David , 2009 ) .
Corruption is everywhere and it is not limited to the government alone , but has spread to the greedy private sector as well .
Corruption in India is on a totally different scale . People here do n't take money just to do things out of their way but to do their jobs as well !
For example , let us consider a government officer in the housing board development sector . His job is to attest any stamp paper that may come his way for approval . If it were an ideal country he would do his job but this being India , you would probably pay him a handsome amount to just do his job !
This hefty price tag delayed the rolling out of the 3G service in India whilst other countries are moving on to 4G .
For example , broadband costs in India are still one of the highest in the world , simply because not a lot of people are aware about it and thus not a lot of them want to take it . This forces the ISP ( Internet Service Provider ) to increase the profit margin per person .
The instinct of most people now , when they encountered any problems , is to seek help on the Internet .
According to the survey conducted by Nielsen ( 2009 ) , 256 million people visited a search engine in December . This is 81 % of the global Internet population .
Compared with going to bookstores or libraries and watching TV , which cost people time and money , it is cost effective to search information through search engines .
last but not least , search engines lead people into a realm of information .
It does no only have a vast database , but also possesses advanced functions which classify and sort these information into different categories .
It has started a new age of information gathering .
Through making the gathering process easier and more reliable , it saves time , effort and resources of people .
According to recent statistics , every 1 in 8 people in Singapore aged between 15 to 64 is an elderly citizen
( http : //www.singstat.gov.sg/stats/charts/popn-area.html ) . This is an astonishing figure .
With the advent of modern technology and sciences , living to a ripe old age is nothing too spectacular .
This reduction will no doubt cripple the country 's economy , as funds will have to be used to cater to the needs of the older majority .
It is therefore , required of the community to be able to design products to help them .
This is crucial because the design of the product will be diversified .
The information gathered from such surveys will be used in the process and the decision of the final product out of the many initial designs will be largely based on these statistics .
Up till 2007 , 2.4 billion people or 36 % of the planet 's population actually carried at least one phone ( Tomi,2007 ) , which means there are around 4 out of 10 people carrying a phone !
Around 10 to 20 years ago , the mobile phone with basic functions that is similar to a basic land line cost thousands
In contrast , mobile phones nowadays cost as low as 50 dollars or even given as free !
Another reason that caused this to happen is due to higher demand for the mobile phone .
In short , economical factors such as physical properties and price of phones are some of the examples that led the mobile phone to be socially determined .
During the World War 2,Handie -Talkie and the backpack walkie-talkie were what soldiers used during the war ( Tom,2007 ) .Towards the end of the war , equipments used during the war , mainly the radio phones ( the mobile phone 's predecessor ) were then brought to everyday usage .
The development of the mobile phone was in process over 60 years and now we have such innovative products . The best example would currently be the IPhone .
In , we can see that military demands 60 years ago play an important role in today 's development of the mobile phone .
Most countries encourage people to use the computers , the internet service and the mobile phone .
As a result , the number of people using mobile phones has increased .
Engineering design process is usually a cyclic process where decision making is required .
Often , engineering sciences , basic sciences and mathematics are applied to convert the available information optimally to achieve the desired deeds .
Basically , this process can be divided into various steps including identifying objectives , defining problems , conducting research , analyzing solutions , making decisions , presenting the products and finally , selling the products .
These are the universal steps in the process which is followed by most engineers .
In Malaysia , corruption within the political system has led to slow development in design processes .
Besides , the education system introduced leads to a lack of creativity and innovation by engineers .
Undeniably , political systems in a country plays an essential role in the development of the country .
statistics have shown that Malaysia ranked 47th out of 180 nations on Transparency International 's 2008 Corruption Perception Index .
Under most circumstances , one needs to bribe in order to accomplish his or her objective .
For example , bribing is necessary and people usually need to pay money under the table to establish an engineering company , or to conduct a project .
One of the examples is the defects in Middle Ring Road 2 ( MRR2 ) fiasco , which happened in October 2004 .
The British engineering consultancy firm , Halcrow Consultancy Ltd , had found that there were structural defects of piers on the MRR2 highway due to design flaw .
Then , the Work Ministry and the Cabinet decided to replace the British with a German consultant , which costs RM40 million and at last , the Work ministry admitted that the repair cost was RM70 million .
Therefore , .
It is painful to hear that the repair works had to be deferred as the Anti-corruption Agency ( ACA ) stepped into the investigation .
Indirectly , these corruptions have hampered the engineering design process at the stage of analyzing solutions to get the repair work done as fast as possible .
In addition , the lack of creativity and innovation have been identified to be the main problems hampering the engineering design process , which might be due to the current education system in Malaysia .
Most of the students are so used to being spoon fed .
s , they expect that every solution will be provided .
They were overindulged by teachers as knowledge or information was provided to them in an oversimplified way , causing students to be too reliant on teachers .
Students have been treated in a way that discouraged independent thought and learning processes , thus indirectly hindering their ability to analyze and interpret problems due to a lack of creativity .
Consequently , these two reasons have caused a lack of development in engineering design process .
The corruption in the politicalystem and the abuse of power by the higher authorities hinders one 's motive to design a product as the steps to run a project is so tedious
As a result , there will be less and less engineering products being developed as a result people might not have opportunities to enjoy the conveniences and leisure that is brought about by the products .
On the other hand , a lack of creativity and innovation by engineers leads to a lack of knowledgeable engineers to design a product .
An engineer might have difficulties in interpreting solutions and making decisions during the design process if he or she lacks creativity .
Indirectly , insufficient human resources in engineering field might llead to a poor economy , due to a lack of progression in the engineering field .
In conclusion , corruption in the political system and the lack of creativity by engineers , , significantly hampers the engineering design process .
Therefore , action should be taken to prevent further corruption in the political system so that the engineering design process would not be hindered .
Hence , governments should encourage independent learning so that students will be more creative and innovative to facilitate engineering design process .
Before 1870 , people could communicate with one another from a distance only by writing .
But in 1876 , Alexander Graham Bell invented a device that changed the world .
He invented the telephone - a device that allows two remotely located users to communicate by voice with each other ( Mary Bellis , n.d ) .
Similarly , Konrad Zuse invented the first computer , which satisfies our need for a systematic and efficient method of data management ( Mary Bellis , n.d ) .
Therefore , they play a crucial role in the society by never failing to improve our standard of living .
Today , one of the main concerns about human need is the innovation of a more environmentally-friendly vehicle .
Once alternative solutions to the design problem have been conceived , we proceed to analyze those solutions and select the best solution for implementation , the fourth step in the engineering design process .
We must also consider the means of implementation such as prototyping or concurrent engineering ( Seyyed , 2005 ) .
In the contemporary world , preventing heart diseases is inarguably one of the most pressing needs of mankind , and is rated as the top priority for engineering design and innovation .
As years of research conducted by the WHO ( world health organization ) have repeatedly shown , heart malfunctioning is the most common threat among all health-related problems .
This essay will explain in detail the working of modern implanted pacemakers and therefore how they have met the need in maintaining a smooth heart beat .
Besides preventing serious occasions of heart malfunctioning , the pacemakerr can also help regulate the heart beat when the patient is performing certain activities , such as exercising and sleeping .
Moreover , the pacemaker records the rhythms of the patient 's heart beat in different situations and hence helps the doctor to write programs that best suits the patient .
The reasons why implanted pacemakers have gone through generations of development and has been listed as one of the top 50 inventions in the past 50 years is that they are portable , which means they can effectively prevent sudden heart attacks , and dependable as they run on computer programs which are constantly renewed by having more suitable ones stored in the patients ' bodies .
This invention is certainly a masterpiece of engineering design due to its contribution in the enhancement of health through maintaining a functional heart .
In the 21st century , human beings are faced with a lot of serious problems , such as global warming , environmental pollution , weather change , and frequent natural disasters .
In general , three areas of innovation are improving the effectiveness of energy use and production , designing methods to store and accumulate small portions of energy , and finding cleaner and renewable energy resources .
The traditional energy resources like oil and coal are going to end in less than 100 years according to scientists ' estimation .
Many engineers are turning to ocean motion , geothermal power and other areas to find a good replacement .
To ensure a sufficient energy supply has become an urgent human need .
No one thinks and No one to share
From 1840 to 1949 , The Chinese people were suffering from World War II and The Chinese civil war .
After these battles and wars , The Chinese people finally stepped in to a new era , a peaceful but impoverished era .
The Chinese people did not have time to develop their economy and technology .
Therefore , the Chinese economy and technology was far behind that of developed countries .
However , the Chinese people did not give up ; Chinese leaders put forward a series of policies .
Moreover , The Chinese people wanted to contribute towards establishing a new China .
This is why the Chinese economic situation was much better than before .
With regard to technology , a group of Chinese scientists and engineers sacrificed their holiday and worked day and night in order to improve the technology of China .
Therefore , many excellent and well designed technological outcomes appeared during that period of time .
But now , there are two factors hampering the innovative design process .
One is that students lack innovative thinking .
Learning means to learn and use the knowledge which has been taught by the teachers .
Thinking means students consider how these theorems are derived and how to find the simplest way to solve the problem .
For example , when students ask their teachers a question , , they usually would say they can not solve a particular problem , and question why this formula does not work ? .
However , we need to hear students say that they have tried a new method to solve a problem .
their query is to ask if the teacher can help to check if their method could be used or not .
The main reason for the present lack is the Chinese situation .
China has the largest population , and they use the college examination to select the talented people .
Furthermore , the method of testing is to provide many questions and to have students solve them quickly rather than give students a single question and have them solve it in many different ways. .
There is also limited time for a teacher to grade the exam paper .
So if the solution is not the standard solution which is given by the ministry of education , the solution is incorrect .
Therefore , students are satisfied in using one way to solve a problem .
For instance , when there is a finding which is interesting and can contribute to society ,
scientists and engineers will do their research individually and if someone were to invent a machine by this finding first .
However , one person takes a whole year to make one invention .
What if a group of engineers invents this machine ?
The time would be much shorter than one year and the quality of this invention would be much better .
Hence , if Chinese scientists and engineers work as a team , the efficiency of work will be improved and the period of work time will be less .
There will be more innovative outcomes appearing in the Chinese market and the technology of China will be raised to a new level .
However , coming up with new ideas and innovations are more often than not , easier said than done .
As a matter of fact , statistically speaking , the number of failed attempts at innovation far exceed the ones which made it into the books .
For instance , the proposed plan to use nuclear energy in Malaysia never came to pass due to the enormous funds that is required to carry out research in the technology and even if the necessary funds are secured , there is always the uncertainty if the research will yield any significant results .
In the case of a nuclear power plant in Malaysia , the idea is not viable as the country has an abundance of forest reserves which needs to be kept untarnished and preserved .
Besides that , the innovations that engineers come up with needs to be safe for the public to use .
With small but useful engineering design ideas being introduced daily , serving as a basis for many bigger innovations , it 's only a matter of time before the many obstacles which are holding engineers back are removed .
Long time ago , the engineers ' products as well as their achievements played a vital role in human life .
Along with the development of communities , the basic human needs continue to rise and to branch into many fields such as : living condition , effective supply chain systemetc .
The great knowledge of many talented engineers has helped to fulfill many human requirements , which directly impacts an ordinary life .
looking around and anyone can recognize many magical changes that have been brought about by engineers .
From a small household thing for normal use to a complex machine system that provides electric energy to a huge city , all have been designed by engineers .
as human needs are carefully observed to make necessary adjustments , the need for medical things and the curing of diseases is presently the top priority
Disease has been a great concern for humans from a very long time ago , but medical system seems not to be enough in the fight with countless threats that steals many human lives .There are many limitations that can only be surpassed by the magic of engineers ' technology .
For instance , many doctors are having trouble in predicting human symptoms .
There are many diseases like cancerwhich can not be cured using only normal medicine .
This is the moment engineers start their innovations .
They realize the first problem is that we need a revolution in medical procedures .
The normal methods like injecting medicine , predicting a threatening symptom using common equipment does not bring optimal results or worse , it is useless especially with the dangerous diseases .
We need a great change and the most possible plan now is to apply nanotechnology .
Using the latest knowledge , engineers can design various types of micro-robots which have the size of a bacterium .
With this size , the normal physical limitation is now removed and we can easily discover every corner of the human body .
It not only reduces the material cost , makes a more accurate diagnosis , but also is less painful for the patient and gives scientists a great chance to study deeper about the human body .
These micro-robots can have many useful functions .
It can bring a camera and help doctors observe the inner world of the human body with their own eyes .
It can be attached with a tiny medicine package and put directly into the damaged spot .
This micro-robot is very promising and now is developed by many professional engineers all over the word and will soon be released , making it one of the greatest achievement of engineers
The long and tedious journey in finding the key to save mankind now lies in a tiny microscopic life , that is extracted from a mammals embryos , called stem cells .
They are believed to have the ability to create brand new organs , curing an array of serious diseases and even perhaps solving human ageing problems , .
Although after 30 years of research , scientists are still unable to solve the mystery of these cells , but there has been fruitful development where these stems are now being used to repair important tissues in the human body
But due to the nature of these cells , scientists now face both technological and scientific problems which hinders them from unleashing the full potential of these cells .
Technology played an important role , to aid researchers on in their work .
We need the right tools for the right kind of job , we ca n't possibly use a screwdriver to do a hammer 's work ,
wee need better technology to increase scientist 's capability to understand this cell better , like how it changes ( Transform ) into specialized cells which will later transform into an organ .
With current DNA technology , it has proven insufficient to proceed any faster .
This is a serious factor that scientists are now looking into , and once they succeed , imagine the amount of life that would be saved .
Meeting the demand in the market and reducing the cost of medical treatments bringing an infinite possibility to the medical-industry .
One of the fascinating problems faced , is the human body itself .
Firstly the human body has an extraordinary capability to identify foreign objects and purge them out from the system ( Rejection ) .
This has led to serious complications to patients who are receiving this life-saving treatment .
Without this , it would result in an uncontrollable and misdirected growth of unwanted cells , etc tumor , or even cancerous cells .
This is a major obstacle that scientists are now facing .
I believe this would be a most valuable scientific breakthrough .
The world food crisis would be solved by merging these cells with the current cloning technology to create fast and range of food supplies .
Take the aspect of electric devices as an example , The refrigerator was studied for a long time in the laboratory after people had the desire of preserving things in a cold temperature longer .
On the other hand , the theory of the microwave oven was discovered by Percy Spencer by chance .
He noticed that candy in his pocket melted while he was doing another experiment and by using this technology the microwave oven was invented .
As technologies of modern society , both The refrigerator and the microwave oven have practical meaning .
Refrigerators helps to keep food fresh and microwave ovens helps to heat food quickly .
They are used in a way to make our lives better and more convenient .
Actually , they both have become essentials of daily life .
In this way , the standard and quality of life has improved to a large degree .
Firstly , refrigeration was a concept before it was invented .
As a result , the product will sell well because the aim of the technology was a common desire to meet the demand of the public .
The microwave oven , on the contrary , was not known before the theory was discovered and the equipment invented .
Thus , sometimes there will be a risk in producing a large amount of equipment applying the serendipitously discovered technology because the market for this product might not be large .Since before it was invented , other ways may have already existed .
Secondly , developing the technology for the refrigerator in the laboratory needs a long time .
Since the idea was introduced , generations of people have used various methods to improve the machine and make the technology perfect .
Do you know that the global worldwide energy consumption was 500 exajoules which is astounding 5 × 1020 J ?
Next , the electrons with higher energy levels in the panels will be separated from their atoms and allowed to flow in a single direction due to the special composition of the cells .
( " Photovoltaics " ) However , in most third world countries , the governments or private industries may not have the funds to set up photovoltaic plants due to the high initial capital
Therefore , solar energy being a clean and renewable source of energy will definitely build up its popularity as a popular source that can be used to produce electricity .
Since there is life on the earth,all living things depend on the sun.Photosynthesis is the process whereby green plants turn carbon dioxide and water into carbohydrate.The energy we humans need is directly or indirectly received through photosynthesis .
petroleum,coal and gas are an outcome of photosynthesis . that nature gives to us .
Because of the rapid development of the world,the energy that nature passes over to us are less and less.This even causes countries to begin an energy war.Energy plays a more and more important role.what we desperately need is a kind of resource that can give out high energy and does not do harm to the nature .
Hydrogen energy is this kind of energy.There is only water after it burns and hydrogen contains a lot of heat.So we need to try hard to invent a machine to make hydrogen energy .
To achieve this we use plates that are made of semiconductors which can absorb the sun light . Simulated by the sun 's light , the semiconductor can emit electrons . The whole plate forms a battery.So the solar energy will be successfully converted into electrical energy .
After doing this , we will artificially simulate the process of photosynthesis.In this step,we need to find a highly efficient catalyst to speed up the electrolyzation and make the process to be complete.Finally , we can get the hydrogen gas .
Hydrogen gas has been produced,but the transmission is still hard work.We need a high-pressure and low-temperature surroundings to let the hydrogen remain in liquid form.But it is very hard to make that kind of surroundings in normal life.We need a kind of catalyst to make the hydrogen be liquid at normal temperature and pressure .
We will no longer be afraid of atmospheric pollution and greenhouse effect.What 's more,the energy we use is renewable.We will not be short of energy resource .
With this kind of hydrogen energy,a lot of problems that obsess us today will be solved.No wars for energy will break .
In the process of developing a new idea into a product , all kinds of expected or unforeseeable troubles will occur , making the path to be filled with struggles and disappointments .
Although the knowledge and technological breakthroughs we accumulated through ages have provided humans with aolid foundation for putting our ideas into practice , there still exists many inevitable factors due to the advancing capitalism which deter the process of innovation .
Among all these socially determined resistance to the way of innovation , one fatally significant phenomenon is the unfair competition between monopolies and other less competent companies .
It can be perceived as good in the sense of market selection , but on the other hand , such type of rivalship can easily be abused and transformed into one-sided violation if monopolies use these advantages as weapons against their opponents instead of raising the standard of living for mankind .
One vivid example is when Microsoft forced Netscape to go into bankruptcy by packing its inferior web browser IE with its dominant windows system for free .
It is also common for monopolies to lower the price to a large extent to annihilate their opponents .
compared with this , however , the time for design and development seem too long to wait .
This can be extremely significant to industries like the pharmaceutical industry .
Before a new drug reaches its commercialization stage , it must undergo a long period of time for testing to prove its effectiveness and safety .
Meanwhile , people 's intention to buy branded goods helps exacerbate this problem .
In short , companies may have enough funds for innovation , but that does not mean they can survive the loss of market share .
With so many things to consider , managers do have reasons to hesitate before they risk the future of a company for the unguaranteed profit .
In an age of accelerated obsolescence of information and technology , lots of new inventions and design concepts are generated from the human mind every second. .
In the meantime the demands rising from an endless pursuit for higherstandard breakthroughs have boosted and inspired the human brain to increase its potential .
During this new innovation-development revolution in science and technology , engineers no doubt play a vital role in beautifying and simplifying the whole world
In addition , numerous breakthroughs are derived from the audacious imagination .
However , with the discovery of oil , Dubai has undergone a sequence of earth-shaking changes overnight .
While happy days do not last long , the exhaustion of oil is already around the corner .
In order to find a way out , Dubai has made a crucial decision to shifts its economic center from oil to tourism .
Subsequently , a series of unbelievable plans have emerged .
For example , The Burj Al-Arab hotel , is one of the most luxurious hotels in the world since its completion in December 1999 , , it has become one of the most dazzling architectural buildings of our time
During the entire design and construction , not only were some of the latest technologies applied into this magnificent project , more impressive is that most of the designs had never been used before and every engineer could freely come up with all kinds of brand new ideas .
One of its innovative technologies was the first use of hollow concrete blocks , which can decrease the effect of the sea wave .
The first stage of the whole project was to construct an artificial island which is about 300m away from the shoreline , while the most challenging problem was the bad weather , engineers need to take all potential risks into account before figuring out a perfect plan .
Therefore , after a series of trial and error , the hollow concrete block stood out .
The hollow concrete blocks are like sponge which can absorb the energy of the sea waves , the principle is that when the seawater flowed into the block , the water would rotate automatically and finally most of its kinetic energy dissolved .
For the quality of life , , people require higher and higher criterions .
The reason why this situation is can be seen from the need of the market , the process of research & development , and the product features .
As the first step of innovation-development , the need of the market is significantly considered in two ways .
Usually , the need of the market is defined as technologically determined and socially determined .
However , as its name infers , skunkworks is being developed in a shabby environment due to the scarcity of capital .
On the other hand , convention gets enough things to support , which makes it much easier and more stable to finish the innovation .
However ; because of its large scale and many other factors involved , it will take more time and more cost to finish the whole innovation .
At last , the products of the two , convention and skunkworks , will appeal to different kinds of consumers .
The products of skunkworks are more practical , and people are in need of those products .
For example , the invention of the laptop helped Japanese employees have more space to work .
These make it operate smoothly .
However , by taking every point into consideration , both of them can work well in innovation-development , depending on different situations .
Engineers are trained to solve problems and design products to fulfill human needs .
Overcoming a problem requires time and repeated trialsl to make sure that the product is safe to use and works efficiently .
One of the current human needs is to find an environmentally friendly vehicle as a substitute for the gasoline vehicle .
Thus , an environmentallyl friendly vehicle needs to be created and should be given priority for this creation to save our earth from pollution and to lessen the impact of the air pollution .
Electrically generated vehicles can be designed to overcome the air pollution problem .
electrically generated vehicle will not exhaust gases when it is being driven .
It is because mining and refining processes of petroleum which emit fumes that will pollute the air .
To build an electrically generated vehicle that can have longer lasting battery power and powerful pickup , it should have a special battery , light weight material and well designed shape .
The battery of the vehicle must be able to recharge within a few hours .
It should also be able to store higher amounts of energy in order to last for longer periods of time .
Furthermore , having an aerodynamically styled shape , the vehicle can move faster and have a powerful pickup .
The electrically generated vehicle should be fully tested and examined .
Test drive and open the electrically generated vehicle to the public and ask for feedback from them and make improvements for it .
After that the electrically generated vehicle can be introduced to the market throughout the world .
In conclusion , the creation of an electrically generated vehicle can reduce air pollution problems that is becoming more and more serious nowadays .
Engineers can make the world different by their expertise and knowledge .
E-commerce : the Socially Determined Technology
Picture a scenario : a man sitting in front of a computer is busy using email , eBay , online banking , and teleconferencing .
This is e-commerce , which consists of the buying and selling of products or services over electronic systems such as the Internet and other computer networks .
Thanks to this burgeoning technology , people can almost fulfill all their needs without moving a step .
With the goal to achieve a more convenient human life , ecommerce is considered to be socially determined rather than technologically determined .
Basically , the origin of e-commerce is due to public 's desire to facilitate their life and work .
( Kenneth , 2008 ) These were the very first types of ecommerce .
Later on , with the rapid spread of internet , the utility of this technology quickly varied and extended to global scope .
This concern soon resulted in the appearance of online stores .
( Julie , 2008 ) Till now , people can nearly do whatever they want simply by clicking the web browser .
During the speedy development of e-commerce , corporations realized the potential to gain huge interest and participation to shape the direction of e-commerce 's growth .
Comparing with the traditional selling styles , e-commerce manages to broaden the market as well as obtain a cheaper but more efficient forms of publicity .
Thanks to the technology of e-commerce , these shops can now advertise to a much larger target group .
At the same time , the online banking system also facilitates the procedure to make deals .
In the 1990s , as a result of the rising development of e-commerce , the usage of this technology gradually went out of control .
Directed by public requirement , enterprises ' intention , and government regulation , ecommerce is now still developing .
with continued efforts in these three aspects , we have confidence this technology will sooner or later develop to a certain stage which satisfies the whole society .
Singaporeans live in the comfort of their own homes believing that all the things that can be invented have already been made .
These are a few traits that are often seen amongst the Singaporeans .
Therefore , only by overcoming the two major problems , will Singaporeans then be able to create and innovate .
The republic 's physical landmass of approximated seven hundred and five square kilometers is ranked one hundred and eighty- seventh internationally .
In addition , even if there were potential solutions , it would be a tough task to carry out experimentation or trials , either as a means to gather data or to implement a solution , simply because a local test group might not exist .
This deficiency in raw materials and useable land as well as to a lesser extent , wealth and labour , limits the magnitude of the engineering solutions to be pursued .
Such an enormous amount would be several years of Singapore 's gross domestic product in the current economic climate .
In conclusion , Singapore 's unique size and state of available resources are obstacles in the engineering design process .
The educational system is based more towards theory and not practicel .
The amount of time spent in labs for practicals is minimal .
Since the birth of cars at the end of the last century , its development has gone through ups and downs over the last one hundred years .
Zaochu Benz at that time only had a speed of 18Km per hour , but now , a sports car can accelerate from zero speed to 100Km per hour within 3 seconds .
The car industry ' development can not be separated from the adoption of cars by the people .
So again , what are the factors influencing the adoption of cars ?
Actually , after Henry Ford 's Model T automobile was invented , cars just gradually became a vehicle that can be adopted by people .
The { Model T } was introduced on October 1 , 1908 .
Because the Model T was so cheap by the 1920s a majority of American drivers learned to drive on the Model T. Apart from this , in order to make the Model T more universal , Henry Ford also created a massive publicity machine in Detroit to ensure every newspaper carried stories and ads about the new product .
He also created a network of local dealers , which provided a good marketing channel for his company .
If we analyse from a broader view , we can see that there were also other economical factors influence the cars ' adoption .
One of the most important factors was the declining cost of oil at that time .
The daily output of this site was more than 1 million barrels of oil , which was even more than the sum of output of other sites in the United States .
This made the price of oil in the United States decrease very fast at that time .
But the Model T was just the beginning of the adoption of cars , another factor which made the technology of producing cars became more mature was the military demand .
During the wars , vehicles and armored transportation became essential for every country .
For example , a very popular hydraulic actuator which is still used today was developed in the early part of World War 2 .
All these inventions not only increased the usefulness of the engine , but also improved the overall situation of the car industry .
Government policies and priorities also play an important role in the development of the car industry .
After the United States won the war , many ordnance factories became civil factories ; this made the expansion of the car industry faster .
Especially during the Cold War , in order to demonstrate America 's superiority and wealth , the government encouraged the car industry .
In conclusion , the adoption of cars and this technological innovation was not only technological determined , but also shaped by economic factors , military demands , and government policies and priorities .
An engineering design process , which includes mainly five stages-defining the problem , gathering pertinent information , generating multiple solutions , analyzing and selecting a solution and testing and implementing the solution , plays a very important role in improving the quality of people 's lives .
Take China for instance , the culture for innovation in engineering design is severely lacking .
Even if they have the motivation , their ideas are unlikely to come true due to the lack of funding from the government .
When a student finds out an alternative method of solving a problem , there is usually no reward for him and he still has to answer the question in the standard way to avoid losing marks at examinations .
Another problem that poses obstacles to innovation in engineering in China may be the lack of funds from the government for research and development ( R&D ) , thus engineers are hardly attracted to the R&D industry and the lack of funds to implement their new ideas .
Mr. Yuan Long Ping , who is known as the " Father of Hybrid Rice " , had contributed to tremendous increase in the level of world 's rice output through cultivating species of hybrid rice during the 1970 's .
However , the Chinese government only awarded him the State Preeminent Science and Technology Award of China in 2000 which was valued at merely 5 million yuan .
This was very little if it was meant to reward him for his more than twenty years ' of hard work .
This lack of government support means , engineers will not be able to get resources , raw materials , precise equipment for research during engineering design process .
Thus the stage of testing and implementing solutions during the engineering design process is greatly hampered
In conclusion , the rigid education system and the governments limited incentives for innovations limit the number of innovative engineers and hinder the realization of innovative ideas if any .
These are hence two prominent obstacles that hamper the engineering design processes for innovations in China .
Skunk works projects do not have access to the full resources of the company , have their own rules and have to maintain confidentiality about their projects .
The research funds and human resources are not made available to them .
Hence the rules of the company need not be enforced in their secret working environment .
There have been extreme examples of rules set by project managers where both emerged successful in their innovations .
Personnel will have to maintain a double life for this project .
Personnel often have to stay back late after office hours to work on their secret projects and no claim of overtime is allowed .
There will also be media coverage and time to time updates on their projects .
However they face equal stress on their projects .
Singapore 's education system has been structured in such a way that it is rigid and text based and does not teach students to apply what is being taught .
Another portion of the design process involves commercialization .
Sadly , society as a whole is generally not that receptive tof new ideas and innovative products .
In sum , a society which is less receptive to new ideas and innovative products could lead to the hampering of engineering processes for innovation .
Two problems have been identified which might hamper creativeness in engineers .
However , several decades earlier , few people dared to declare that they were sure these innovations would surely be popular around the world someday
Despite the poor environment , tough stress , and high risk , skunkworks indeed value more than conventional technology .
To some extent , conventionally generated technology usually improves our life , but innovation in skunkworks often changes our lives .
Skunkworks - defined to pioneer the development of a technological innovation , normally has tougher working conditions .
Usually skunkworks can not get enough support to create a satisfying working environment .
Due to uncertainty , R&D groups in skunkworks often can not find enough people to conduct the innovation .
Just like the design team at Macintosh , they worked day and night under the aggressive leadership of Steven Jobs .
The starting point of innovation in skunkworks and conventional technology are different .
However , Conventional technologies is made for solving the existing problems or needs .
When NOKIA upgraded its N series hand phone annually , iPhone of the Apple company surprised the world , because it give a different definition to the touch phone .
Skunkworks takes a high risk in the innovation process , but it is rewarding .
Just like " Post-its " of 3M , was initially considered as a failure , but was finally proved to be a great success in other fields .
on the contrary , it is more stable and reliable for conventional technology .
Furthermore , it is often at a high risk to invest in skunkworks .
The Compressed Natural Gas ( CNG ) vehicle is an alternative fuel vehicle .
By 2008 , there are roughly 7 million CNG vehicles on the roads worldwide .
Unlike the normal gasoline vehicle which emits greenhouse and harmful gases , the power of the CNG vehicle can emit 70 % lesser CO2 and little harmful gas .
Therefore CNG vehicles are more environmentally friendly than gasoline vehicles .
In the context of global warming becoming a more serious problem , the development of such environmentally friendly vehicles becomes a must .
Apart from reducing the air pollution , The natural gas vehicle also produces lower noise levels than gasoline vehicles .
This is another positive feature of CNG vehicles .
Moreover , the intention of reducing the fuel cost also shaped the development of the CNG vehicle .
The oil embargo resulted in an energy crisis in the U.S. during the 1980 's .
Such situations motivated the discovery of alternative fuels that could reduce our dependence on foreign imports .
From 2000 , the oil price grew tremendously , but the price of natural gas was much less .
More owners of private cars wanted to convert their petrol-driven vehicles to also run on CNG .
Lastly , the development of CNG vehicle is also influenced by government policies .
Due to the increase of the oil price and the necessity of improvement of the urban environment , many countries ' governments support the development of CNG vehicles .
Many countries which have an abundance of natural gas introduce CNG cars and buses to their public transportations .
Some other governments provide tax rebate for the owners of CNG vehicles , so as to encourage the using of eco-friendly vehicles .
For instance , the Singapore government provided 40 % discount on the Open Market Value ( OMV ) cost of newly-registered green passenger vehicles from 2001 in order to build up the intensity of CNG vehicles ( wikipedia,2009 ) .
With the help of the favorable policies and sponsorship from the government , more talented people are attracted to researching the CNG vehicle .
As a result CNG vehicle technology is shaped by government policies .
Without the requirements of cheaper and cleaner vehicle and governmental support , it might not be as well-developed as now .
In recent years , with its growing prosperity and affluence , China is investing more on science and technology development .
In the so-called cramming method of teaching , teachers pay particular attention to memorization , even at the cost of comprehension .
During the examination , the students are evaluated by how much they memorize , and not on how they think .
In conclusion , the lack of research funding and an exam-oriented education system are the two most significant factors which have hampered engineering design process in China .
For example , in the 1970 's , a new tomato variety was launched by a research team in California .
This tomato variety could be harvested by machines , which was a big success .
After about ten years ' of research , he discovered Warfarin one day in an unrelated experiment , which turned out to be the most impressive progress in the whole research .
Not only should the scientists figure out how to breed the variety , but they also needed to do other non-research works in order to successfully put the variety into practice .
Finally , they came up with their research results after many years of research , in due time according to their plan .
Besides , although both these two technologies were successful , the keys to their success were different .
In conclusion , the mechanized tomato program and the discovery of Warfarin had a different start , process and reasons for success
Technology is progressing every day , and different products are created using new technologies .
Life has become more convenient with these technological products and companies can benefit from producing these products .
However , not all technological products can bring profit to their companies .
Before manufacturing a product , companies have to evaluate its profitability and reject products with an uncertain future .
Engineers who are enthusiastic about these " no future " products form a group , and these groups are called " Skunk works " .
Conventionally generated technologies and technologies in " Skunk works " are while they still have features in common .
Technology in " Skunk works " is like a double-side sword , which not only can become a great success but also can be a super failure in the future .
Working in a " Skunk works " environment is much tougher than in a conventional environment , as engineers working in " Skunk works " are not rewarded unless their work turns out to be a success .
Nevertheless , both " Skunk works " technology and conventional technology make a contribution to technology development .
Compared to conventionally generated technology , " Skunk works " has great potential to become a big failure , while it also has the potential to be successful .
and to optimize a design under given conditions .
Whereas , a well optimized design is worthless if it can not meet the desires , or at least the needs of the customers .
Whereas on the other hand , can also be a success in market .
As E.M. Rogers mentioned in his article - " the Birth of the Laptop Computer at Toshiba " , the laptop is a good example of successful " Skunk works " .
The environment of " Skunk works " and the conventional one are very different .
Though engineers in " Skunk works " are enthusiastic about their project , it is very hard for them to find financial support , and other experts may criticize their work .
" Skunk works " and conventional projects are different , but both of them are making a contribution to the development of technology .
Conventionally generated technologies are closely connected to our life .
By doing sufficient market research , technologies provide things that can fulfill our desires and make our life become more and more convenient .
Therefore , " Skunk works " can promote technological innovation and also provide a platform for creative engineers .
In summary , A " Skunk works " environment is much tougher than a conventional environment , and " Skunk works " is more like a gamble for a company for it may either be a big success or be an absolute failure .
Conventionally generated technology plays an important role in fulfilling people 's need and generating profit for companies , .
Therefore , both of them are indispensable for technological development .
Two problems of innovation in China
However , nowadays new technology is playing a more and more important role in society and replacing the importance of resources .
One of them is that intellectual property rights in China are not protected well and there are many illegal copiesa in China .
The other problem is that normal employees in many companies are not valued much by their employers .
The phenomena of illegal copies block the innovation of technology in China .
One of the reasons is that the popularity rate of computers has increased much faster than the rate of consumption levels in China , which means that the price of software is relatively higher than normal people can accept .
Subsequently , the inventor of the software can only get a little profit , which will not impel him or her to continue paying much attention to innovation .
When we compare the software area and the space flight area , we can easily find that space flight in China develops extremely fast because of innovation while software develops slowly with little innovation .
Therefore , the illegal copy phenomena restricts the development of technology in China .
There is no doubt that China has developed fast since the foundation of the country .
However , when the focus on the enterprises in China is changed , it can be found that most of the huge enterprises are public and rely on resources and monopoly .
Huge enterprises which rely on high technology are very few .
One of the reasons is that normal employees are not to take part in the innovation .
In many companies , only certain research staff take part in the innovation of technology while normal employees just do their routine work .
Compared to professional research staff , normal employees have more experience about certain .
As the employers do not show much respect to normal employees , few employees will try their best to provide their experience to research staff .
It is well known that IBM employers value every employee in the company .
Many employees have a chance to make a suggestion to the company .
With the large , research staff can achieve new production relatively more easily .
Therefore , that normal employees are not inspired restricts the innovation of technology in China .
Therefore , China should pay more attention to intellectual property rights to encourage people to innovate .
Uniting everyone can maximize the ability of the whole unity .
China needs to solve these two problems to clear the way for innovation .
Another major problem that engineers might face in Singapore is that people are less receptive to innovations and ideas as compared to Western countries .
For example , the education system has now definitely improved in terms of its rigidity .
Since 2005 , the Ministry of Education ( MOE ) has introduced Project Work ( PW ) to junior colleges in order to improve communicative skills of students , as well as to encourage building of teamwork among students .
Hopefully in the near future , more effort will be put in to encourage society to be more accepting of new innovations that would greatly change their way of life for the better , and also to encourage in not just aspiring engineers but in students in general , skills that they are able to use and apply in handling problems in the real world .
Since the 1960s , there has been a paradigm shift from low end industrialization to high end industrialization thus resulting in a rapid depletion of the already scarce resources .
Engineering design processes are therefore created to meet the above mentioned human needs .
One such engineering design processes is gathering pertinent information .
According to Khandani , " Efforts spent searching for information about your problem...reveal facts about the problem...discover mistakes and false starts . " Researching land scarcity problems can help one to prioritize by deciding on the more important infrastructure to build to strike a balance between social and economic needs .
For example , high rise flats are built to help prevent overcrowding and to sustain the population while mega infrastructures like the Integrated Resort are for economic purposes .
According to Khandani , " Creative abilities can be developed if one is willing to take risks and is not afraid to tackle problems . " The lack of land is a challenging problem to the leaders of Singapore thus engineers have to come up with innovative solutions to tackle land scarcity .
Some of these solutions are land reclamation , condensed structural landscapes and the construction of sky scrapers .
Construction of sky scrapers is relatively safe despite their height due to deep analytical insights in the construction of these buildings .
One is via research and the other is the result of some serendipitous discovery .
But history shows that that sometimes the fate of the two kinds of technologies are also not the same .
The " designs " are thought highly of by people at the beginning , though the importance of the " accidents " is realized much later .
Actually the majority of engineering inventions coincide with the " design " way .
Though it may just be a matter of few seconds for the final success of a new technology development , the process from its infancy to maturity can be very long and tough .
With the coming out of a technology people will , of course , , because it already cost a lot .
Take the atomic weapon test as an example , decades years ago the military of the USA tried to make use of atomic power . They employed a lot of human and non-human sources to complete numerous experiments and tests , and plenty of money was spent on inviting talented scientists and engineers to come to help them make the most powerful weapon in human history
According to Wikipedia " The Manhattan Project cost 2 billion dollars , this included the cost of the two bombs used as well as the test bomb .
Therefore , the US treated this new technology as their most precious weapon .
In many cases , technology which was created via research will be thought highly of at the beginning .
Because of the formal research process , like the atomic bomb , many other technologies which were developed via research will draw people 's attention .
As we can see during the process , people know its property , figure out its purpose , understand its advantages and disadvantages , and at last master the way to make full use of it . .
is that some human and non-human sources have already been expended , and governments do n't want to see these sources turn into nothing .
So technology which is designed purposefully will draw more attention .
Sometimes people will get unexpected outcomes from their experiment or research .
Even some of the greatest discoveries come from accidents without any indication , for example , the discovery of penicillin and the invention of gunpowder .
Gunpowder was invented by an ancient Chinese alchemist accidently .
One day the alchemist wanted to find some medicine called the elixir of immortality aimed at giving people immortality. .
What he encountered was not the magic drug , but an explosion and the birth of gunpowder .
However , the alchemist did n't set enough value on this great power , nor did other Chinese people .
Gunpowder did n't have a chance to step onto the stage of history until the famous adventurer and merchant Marco Polo introduced it to Europe from China .
Only after that did the world gradually began to pay enough attention to this powerful chemical medicine .
Compared to the development of the atomic bomb , the discovery of gunpowder was just an accident or something unexpected that no one planned to make .
This is very crucial in explaining why nobody attaches importance to new technology at first .
That 's to say , though technologies like that may somehow change the world , it is not in time is needed for people to realize the existence of them and to learn more about them .
The world always improves along with the progress of technology step by step .
No matter whether their existence is a design or an accident , as long as it benefits people , that 's what society wants to see .
In 2005 , news revealed that the Al Burquan Oil Field in Kuwait , which is the second largest oil field in the world will be depleted before the middle of this century ( AME Info , Inc. 2005 ) .
Meanwhile , the increasing oil price also indicates that society is facing a tough challenge , the energy crisis .
According to the Oxford English Dictionary ( 2006 ) , engineering is defined as the " science , discipline , art and profession of acquiring and applying technical , scientific and mathematical knowledge to design and implement materials , structures , machines , devices , systems , and { processes } that safely realize a desired objective or inventions .
" Overwhelmed by the demand for energy , increasing energy efficiency should be viewed as the priority or desired objective of inventions or engineering design .
Primarily , energy is the fundamental base for all human activities which exploit nature to meet our needs .
For example , if there was not sufficient fuel for automobiles , then we would go back to the era of antiquity when walking and riding were the only means for transportation .
On the other hand , it is very irresponsible to squander energy otherwise our would face the consequences of our behaviours .
Hence , maximising energy efficiency should be taken given priority in technology development so that human beings and the whole of society will develop and move forward sustainably .
Moreover , to give energy efficiency priority will enrich the engineering design process resulting from .
It is defined that there are five stages to solving an engineering design problem , " to define the problem , to gather pertinent information , to generate multiple solutions , to analyze and select a solution and to test and implement the solution " ( Khandani , 2005 ) .
If all the engineers are trying to design the technology with higher energy efficiency then they probably will gather more information , generate more efficient solutions and select the solution which is more efficient .
At the time when engineers take energy usage into consideration , the design process is upgraded to a higher standard which meets our needs and fulfills the vital objective of engineering design for technology .
If all the solutions are capable of solving the problem , then the one which is the most efficient should be chosen .
The real example is that people now are pro hybrid gas-and-electric-powered automobiles instead of the conventional ones .
In one word , energy efficiency should be a priority concern for all engineers due to its positive impact on the design process .
Equipped with high efficiency , all the innovations of engineering technology will be more dynamic and practical to meet the country 's ever-increasing needs .
Toshiba 's laptop and Microsoft 's operating systems are two technologies that were created under different conditions and environments .
Toshiba 's laptop is often known as a skunk work innovation whereas Microsoft 's is known as a conventionally created product .
According to Rogers , due to the fact that Toshiba 's laptop creator Tetsuya Mizoguchi failed to convince his superiors in Toshiba to support his laptop project , he was not able to receive any research and development funding .
It would be useless if there was no hardware for Gates ' program to work on .
According to the article ( 2 ) , Gates actually wrote to computer hobbyists demanding that they pay for the usage of his program so as to allow him to continue to write quality programs .
In May 1998 , Microsoft was accused of abusing its monopoly power to keep rivals out of the market .
On the other hand , Mizuguchi 's idea was to create a laptop that was compatible with IBM 's platform despite the fact that they were competing for the same market share .
He recognised that IBM was dominant at the time and that it would be fair to consumers to allow them to use an IBM compatible peripheral Toshiba laptop .
If Mizoguchi had done otherwise , people would probably only buy Toshiba 's laptop for its convenience .
Similarly for Microsoft , Gates rode on the success of IBM 's personal computer by becoming the full owner of a program that was written especially for IBM 's personal computer .
This allowed them to have a monopoly in the industry .
In conclusion , despite the fact that both skunk work and conventionally created technologies differ in the environment where they are being produced , they will still be successful if their creators have the determination and are full of ideas .
The birth of new technologies and inventions come about in different forms and through different processes .
Although the innovations may be comparably similar , the conditions where they were created may be totally different .
An example would be the case of conventionally invented electric cars by General Motors and the first laptop that was invented in a skunk works environment by an engineer from Toshiba .
Differences like , risks involved , working environments , marketing strategies and similarities like the visions and goals of both innovations .
The first difference between the two types of innovation is risks involvement and work stress .
For skunk works created technology , the person who suggested the innovation has to take very big risks because it is their own project , they are not supported by companies , only their own team .
As mentioned in Rogers ' article on the 'Birth of laptops ' , Tetstiya Mizoguchi , a Japanese technologist , disobeyed orders and risked his career for the sake of innovation-development which in the end was successful .
Secondly , the processes in which the new technology are designed and carried out are totally different between the two types of innovations .
Therefore , people who are working in a skunk works environment have to gather their own team and a substantial amount of money before they can actually start on their project .
As such , because of limited funds the team or individual have in skunk works , they have more stress because they can not afford to fail .
Because of disapproval from companies , the working space for skunk works innovation is usually smaller and limited as compared to those who work under companies to create new technology .
As mentioned in Rogers ' article , Tetstiya Mizoguchi and his team went 'underground ' and worked at a factory which was far away from Toshiba 's headquarters .
In the case study of the creation of electric motor cars by General Motors written by Rogers , General Motors went to the extent of putting advertisements in newspapers and came out with marketing campaigns to publicise their new product .
On the contrary , products or technology created from a skunk works environment do not have the capabilities to roll out massive campaigns to advertise due to the lack of funds .
They have to depend on their own network to publicise their product and introduce their prototypes to the public .
Comparing the two articles written by Rogers , the target group for skunk works prototypes testing usually started small , and then eventually became bigger as more people accepted the product ; whereas in the case of conventionally created products , the target group is very large in the beginning due to large scale marketing campaigns .
The similarity between the innovations created under different environments is that both wanted to come out with solutions to solve problems that were present .
In the case of Toshiba 's first laptop invention , Tetstiya Mizoguchi wanted to solve the problem which most Japanese companies faced , crowded offices which prevented the usage of more desktops due to the lack of space ; while , electric motor cars were created to lessen pollution .
In conclusion , there are various differences and similarities between conventional or skunk works innovations , but at the end of the day , both have produced products that have helped to solve problems and bring benefits to the people of the world .
In 1943 , Abraham Maslow published a theory on the hierarchy of needs of people .
In his study , he defined five stages of needs ; they are , in descending order of importance , physiological , safety , love and belonging , esteem and finally self-actualization . In view of the world today , engineers should tackle the most important human need .
This is of course one of our basic physiological needs , water , which is imperative in sustaining life . .
The five stage engineering design process , as proposed by Khandani , will guide engineers in making solutions to solve this problem .
Potable water , the source of life , has become in third world countries .
Drinking water that has not been treated can lead to life threatening diseases .
According to the World Health Organization report in the year 2000 , Africa , home to a population of 784 million people , faces dire shortages of clean and disease free drinking water .
Furthermore , it is the continent with the least supply of potable water .
It is important that engineers realize the true root of the problem , so as not to waste resources on a solution that does not work .
For instance , one may think of solving the water shortage by building desalination plants throughout the coast of Africa , only to realize that he or she did not address the problem at all .
Because the water shortage may not lie in the quantity of water , but rather in the ease of access to potable water in Africa .
The second step is to research the shortage of potable water .
Engineers have to understand why current technology has failed to solve the water shortage , and the oversights of engineers of the previous technology .
For example , a company has produced " LifeStraw " , a portable device that processes safe drinkable water by removing microscopic bacteria through its filters .
Something like this may seem like a godsend to the people of Africa , but its downfall is its cost and the problem of transportation of filtered water .
Therefore , a thorough understanding of the limitations of technology can guide engineers to invent a product that fulfills all the criteria .
Subsequently , in the fourth step , they would have to rate and outweigh all of their ideas and determine the best one to implement .
This ensures the product meets expectations .
In a nutshell , the five stages of engineering design introduced by Khandani can help engineers plan and develop solutions to solving the water shortage in Africa , thereby saving countless lives in dire need of safe drinking water .
Back in 1943 , while working on the secret project P-80 Shooting Star jet fighter , one of the team engineers in Lockheed Martin Corporation , Irv Curler answered a call by saying " Skonk Works , inside man Culver speaking . "
The name was soon adopted for usage in engineering , business and technical field to describe a small group of people working on secret projects .
( How Skunkworks Got Its Name , par.2 ) Skunkworks have been a huge contributor for invention for many decades .
Therefore , skunkworks drive innovation to conventionally generated technology .
Therefore they are often used to roll out product research before it is developed according to usual business processes .
With minimal management constraints , inventors are given freedom to research the area they want .
Facebook was started off as a small networking site for college students , which slowly extended to be the most popular global networking site
With the help of a few roommates , Mark created Facebook with limited resources .
With no management pressure , Mark could add on any application on Facebook , which soon turned out to be the main ingredient in fueling its success .
As mentioned , skunkworks always lack resources , .
As a start-up , Facebook did n't have the funding which its competitor , Myspace had .
As the history suggests , Myspace had everything when they first launched , including funding .
Thus , they got instant popularity in the beginning .
However , Facebook trounced Myspace recently , setting its user numbers to a record high .
It can clearly be seen that , skunkworks are no loser to conventional technology despite funding problems .
While conventionally generated technology are opened to the public , skunkworks undertake secret projects .
Before Facebook was created , Mark hacked into the Harvard School system to get the information of all the students .
Instead , he scarified his sleeping time to program another program to replace Facemash , which is the Facebook we all are using today .
Myspace took a different approach to show the public what they were doing .
The underlying reason could be the confidence Myspace had over their program because of the size of their resources which Facebook did n't have .
Despite the fact that the approaches they take are obviously different , they share the same goal , which is to innovate future products .
Either Facebook or Myspace can be used share information without borders .
They are competing with each other by introducing new features .
One of the few positive impacts that arose from the Iraq War is that governments as well as individuals became aware of how people 's dependence on oil , gas and other petrol products can trap people into a serious situation once the supply of petrol is limited .
Moreover , people are now aware of the importance of finding new , sustainable and eco-friendly energy sources . .
Indeed , the utmost purpose for the existence of engineers is to improve living standards and to satisfy the higher requirements of human beings by creating or improving the products used in daily life .
In daily life , the energy supply is so important because almost all human activities , like cooking , working , heating and even water supply can not work normally without electricity , and the emerging energy shortage is impossible to solve without the development of new energy sources
Thus , the government should give priority to research in economics and environmental-friendly and sustainable energy .
The basic steps for engineers to find new energy is shown below .
For engineers to discover f energy , firstly , it is essential to have a clear definition and criteria of the problem and to gather enough relevant information .
A clear definition instructs engineers as to the direction in which their research is going ( Khandani , p6 , 2005 ) .
And knowing more information makes our design process more effective ( Khandani , p10 , 2005 ) .
In this case , New energy sources can be defined as energy sources excluding fossil fuels that have a reasonable price , are sustainable and belong to green energy .
The criteria are : the new energy should be safe ; the energy should be sustainable ; the energy should not create pollution ; and the price of the energy should be acceptable .
Then , engineers have to list all the solutions and select the ones that satisfy the criteria .
When judging a new energy , engineers have to think about questions , such as , " Is the energy able to replace petrol ?
" and " Does it have any potential problems ? "
The energy crisis appears to be increasingly serious as human consumption keeps increasing while the increase in energy supply is slow .
Since engineers are important in discovering new energy sources and the aim of their work is to meet people 's needs , they should give priority to the development of new energy .
On one hand , much effort and funding has been put into our education system to prepare our people for the Knowledge-based Economy .
On the other hand , Singapore has always encouraged companies , regardless of their size , to do more in Research and Development ( R&D ) .
The reason for doing is that the government has realised the importance of R&D in Singapore 's progress as a nation .
Although much effort and funding has been spent on R&D , some problems still exist to significantly hinder engineering design processes for innovations .
The first problem that hinders engineering design processes for innovations is the influence of monetary profit .
Around 1930 , there were two prototype refrigerators .
The other one was the gas refrigeratorr .
Gas refrigerators did not produce the humming sound and had overwhelming advantages over electric refrigerators .
But the electric refrigerator was selected over the gas refrigerator because General Electric believed that larger profit could be made from the electric refrigerator .
Because such influence affects the commercial , diffusion and adoption stages of the engineering design process .
Thus , many great innovations have been destroyed prematurely because of their lack of promotion to the public .
The second problem that hinders engineering design processes for innovations is that Singaporeans , are not as creative as our counterparts , for example the Americans , Japanese and Taiwanese .
It is because , in the past , our education system was more exam-oriented and theoretical. .
Thus , knowledge was only applied in examinations , without applying it in real-life situations .
However , in recent years , the government has been actively promoting creative thinking .
Although the plans that promote creative thinking were started years ago , it is still in its initial stage .
In addition , in this imperfect world , engineers are always solving problems that arise to make a better world .
Over the last couples of years , with the development of China , all industries , especially the manufacturing industry , are developing on a large scale .
However , it is strange that not so many big companies like Lenovo and Haier exist with such a large-scale industry and such a large home market .
Instead , millions of small companies are operating their small business everywhere , and large transnational corporations are enjoying their profit in the Chinese market .
Many companies , especially the small ones , are following each other 's steps to design and manufacture their products , expecting that some profits in the market are still left for them .
Then , another question arises , what hampers innovations in engineering design ?
I think there are two primary reasons , high costs in engineering design with relatively low rewards and an unsatisfying engineering education system .
As I mentioned , many manufacturing companies in China are running their business on a small-scale .
What they manage to do is to make their designs slightly different from other similar ones , which makes their products quite elastic in the market .
In most cases , the circle continues until they shut down .
In the emerging Chinese market , not all investments in innovation are rewarding .
Instead , just following others has proved to be more profitable sometimes .
Secondly , engineering education is not focusing so much on innovation but memorizing .
Other steps are unfortunately neglected. .
Behind prosperity of the products " made in China " during the last few years , is the lack of innovation in products of Chinese local manufacturing companies .
The mains reasons why they lack innovation are , high costs , the low rewards of innovation in China and an unsatisfying engineering education system .
The common challenges faced by developed and developing countries are the daily demands for improvement in various areas , be it economy , infrastructure or even society .
Engineers plying their trades in Singapore , however , will face two major problems which are potentially critical in the future development of the city-state .
Singapore , besides being famous for its airport and most recently named as the best place for business by the World Bank , is also famous because of its size .
Hence , local engineers encounter their first major test in their quest : limited land space .
Despite ongoing plans to build a third plant , Singapore is still rather reliant on Malaysia for the sale of water .
Reclamation of land from the ocean was also limited due to sensitivity of border issues , thus hindering any designs that require huge spaces .
Past engineering miracles in housing now require an upgrade in innovation and design due to the cultural shift in our society , as the younger generation now demands quality unlike the past , when the more crucial task was providing a roof for every citizen .
There is another common global issue , much worse in Japan , and that is the ageing population crisis .
Entry into the 21st century provides the world with a whole new set of problems : pandemic flu , terrorism and the emergence of a group of senior citizens .
( The Straits Times , June 28 , 2008 ) Adding to this problem , Singapore , being a small country , has always faced a talent crisis .
Low birth rates coupled with the outflow of local talent forces the government to resort to adopting a foreign talent scheme in order to increase the talent pool in the city .
However , what Singapore 's short history has shown is that it has faced countless daunting tasks and has proven to be up to the mark . Therefore , there is no doubt our engineers will strive and succeed in their tasks ahead .
The problems that affect engineering design
Nowadays we are living in a fast developing world which provides not only abundant goods but also convenient and functional production .
Now focus on the things in China , there are two main factors : the overflow of copying and lack of money .
When a famous company releases a new product , some small companies or workshops will soon copy the design of the product and sell " their products " at a much lower price .
Moreover , the customers may view both products as the same and the " fake " ones are more attractive with an incredible price .
A company will spend a lot of money and a lot of time designing and producing a new product. .
The engineers keep working and working , trial and error , wishing to invent a best seller and to generate a lot of profit .
Workshops which simply copy the design just do the procedure directly with low prime costs .
Usually customers will not discriminate between the products and they consider the price as the main point .
After all their effort , the company will not receive the profit they wish , which will definitely cool down their desire to innovate .
Thus , the overflow of copying really hampers the processes for innovation .
For most companies in China , they are still on the path of development .
They badly need to focus on mature products to accumulate wealth .
It seems too extravagant to pay for the designing of the product. .
Yet innovation is full of risk which may push the company to the edge .
Just like gambling , the company bet all they have on the future .
In this way , the lack of money actually affects the stage of process for innovation .
If everyone is afraid of losing money on innovation , then no new designs will come out and our world will not develop .
The government can do little about the copying incidents .
The poor quality of products hamper the interests of customers and affect the reputation of the famous company .
Hopefully the government will invest money in projects with good prospects .
Since the USSR 's Obninsk Nuclear Power Plant was established on June 27th 1954 , nuclear power has become one of the most important energy resources in the world .
By 2007 , an estimated 14 % of global electricity came from nuclear reactions according to the International Atomic Energy Agency .
Due to the ever increasing consumption of oil and its limited reserves , it is predicted that there will be a further surge for nuclear energy .
Nuclear power was first discovered by scientists in the 19th Century .
As a result , it is perceived as being an alternative of energy resources .
Recently , Iran and North Korea have been facinghave faced sanctions from various countries because of their nuclear development .
This case clearly presents how political factors have structured the advancement of important technology like nuclear power .
In North Korea 's case , they started the development of nuclear technology because of the increased tension with South Korea .
Hence , they regarded nuclear development as a way to sort out disputes over policies .
At the same time , Iran makes use of nuclear power to resist American policies and its influence in the region .
For nations like Iran and North Korea , the development of nuclear power is mainly determined by political forces .
Despite the political impact on nuclear technologies in the less developed world , military forces are likely to exert a similar impact on the development of nuclear power in those more developed countries .
For instance , the US military force considers nuclear power as a viable source to provide energy for military use .
Due to logistic reasons combined with the unstoppable depletion rate , scientists in the United State are diverting most of their funding into research on how to make nuclear power a readily mobile and less dangerous energy source for military use .
In conclusion , recent innovation and development have showed the impact of political , military and other social factors .
Similar to the development of technology , innovation has become more and more important all over the world .
In order to survive and develop in the competitive world , it is crucial for not only many countries , but also individuals to fully develop the process for innovations .
According to Rogers ( 2003 ) , there are six main stages of this process , namely the needs and problems , research , development , commercialization , diffusion and adoption and the stage of consequences .
Take China as an example , there are two main problems hampering the development of innovation .
First of all , the education system has a big effect on the process of recognizing the problems or needs which is the fundamental stage of the innovation-development process .
It is true that the Chinese education system excels in laying the solid foundations of knowledge and skills which are also very important in doing research and studies , but the lack of flexibility and creativeness of the Chinese education system is still a big problem .
As a result , many students get used to accepting information without thinking and investigating by themselves .
Consequently , it becomes quite difficult for them to discover potential problems even when they try to .
However , Innovation requires students to develop the ability of discovering problems instead of being easily satisfied with the current situation or just following the rules .
In fact , most famous inventions or significant scientific discoveries are based on the ability of questioning .
If Watt did not realize the shortcomings of the traditional streamer , the age of stream maybe would not have been invented so fast .
If Galileo did not challenge and had simply accepted the statements presented by Aristotle thousands of years ago , people may not have realized the nature of free fall motion for a long time .
Without the awareness of recognizing or discovering problems , the innovation process can not proceed smoothly .
In addition to the education problems , economic development is also one of the important limitations for China .
General speaking , the success of innovation needs a lot of prerequisites .
Not only human resources , but also financial resources have an impact on the development of innovation .
The implementation of many big projects or innovations requires large amounts of economic support .
Indeed , the economy of China is accelerating at high speed .
However , it is really hard to meet all the needs of the rapid innovation-development .
Compared with some developed countries , China still can not provide large amounts of financial aid to encourage and support scientists and engineers in doing the process of research and in putting these innovations into practice .
In a nutshell , for the importance of developing the processes of innovation , it is necessary to solve these existing problems .
Only if China tries to minimize these potential limitations , will the innovation-development processes succeed and flourish .
It was a serendipitous discovery made by Alexander Fleming from a petri-dish with bacteria left behind from his experiments when he went on a holiday .
In-vitro fertilization is the process of fertilizing eggs with sperm outside the womb of the mother . The technique was invented through research .
Many may think that serendipitous discoveries are just by luck , but through the comparison of penicillin and in-vitro fertilization , it can be seen that serendipitous discoveries are just as complex and impactful as technologies created through research .
Rogers ( 2003 ) suggested that research with the objective of providing solutions for one problem might result in solutions that are useful for another problem .
Indeed , for the case of penicillin , Fleming did not anticipate the discovery of penicillin , a type of antibiotic , when he was doing research on the characteristics of bacteria .
On the other hand , in-vitro fertilization was researched and invented with the primarily objective of conceiving babies outside the wombs of mothers .
After the discovery of an anti-bacterial substance , Fleming did his research to improve on the results just like what the researchers for in-vitro fertilization did .
Both the technologies had to go through laboratory testing and many other processes before the final formula is derived .
Hence , both the technologies were developed in a laboratory environment with sufficient equipment for their testing and both required extra steps even after discovering the correct method of making the technology .
In addition , both the technologies were developed not just by the person who founded the technology .
( " Alexander Fleming " , Wikipedia ) In addition , in-vitro fertilization would not be successful if it were not for other researchers such as John Rock , Patrick Steptoe and Robert Edwards besides Carl Wood .
Furthermore , both penicillin and in-vitro fertilization have a similar impact on mankind .
They have both brought benefits to people in the medical field .
Thus , in terms of the effects they brought for people , they are similar in enhancing the life of mankind .
In conclusion , even though penicillin 's discovery was accidental , from the comparison of the two technologies it can be seen that the invention is actually comparable to those developed by research .
The development of both technologies are similar in terms of the complexity of the processes and the impact of the technologies are equivalent .
Many countries are faced with the problem of an aging population .
As the elder population grows larger and larger , the burden on the younger generation and the government becomes greater and greater .
I think the government can implement positive policies to limit the money spent on the elderly indirectly .
Encouraging the later retirement and giving out subsidies based on the financial need are efficient ways to reduce the amount of money spent on the growing population of the aged .
The government has to limit the money given to the elderly because the expanded population of the elderly can lead to serious problems in economy , society and productivity .
( { http : //bbs.chinadaily.com.cn/redirect.php ? gid = 2&fid = 6&tid = 58116 } [ HYPERLINK : http : //bbs.chinadaily.com.cn/redirect.php ? gid = 2&fid = 6&tid = 58116 ] &goto = nextoldset ) Encouraging a later retirement is a effective method to solve this problem .
As the aging population becomes larger , more people retire than usual .
It can be predicted that more people will leave their work and fewer people can enter the work force .
On the other hand , the amount of the tax will go up as productivity increases .
For some people , they had saved enough money when they were young or they can still make their living when they are old or they are supported by their children .
Giving everyone a pension means that some people 's living standard will be affected but giving out money based on the fanatical need means everyone can live in a good condition .
The pension is not important to the people who are able to live a good life in their twilight years .
Although more and more countries are faced with the aging problem , the government can make some policies like encouraging later retirement and giving out money based on financial needs .
Throughout the process of aging , people will face certain problems relating to health , finance , and socialization ; and many of these problems are usually interrelated .
With the help of these technologies , many possibilities have emerged .
All these have helped to make the process of aging easier , as the aged can lead better lives with fewer health problems .
Also through research and development , many lifestyle guides that help promote healthy lifestyle become available .
It is known that by having a healthy lifestyle , one will have fewer health problems and thus will need to spend less on healthcare .
As these new technologies involve the usage of newer , and more advanced equipments , the costs of using such technologies tend to be higher than in the past .
Prolonging the life of the victim can be financially draining on the family , and cause financial and social tension within the family .
Financial aids can be made available to these families and help relieve the financial stress .
With these , the aged can have longer working life , and thus accumulate more wealth to support themselves through their old age .
Also , the government helps relieve financial stress by subsidizing healthcare costs , and providing financial aids to the elderly .
New technologies have been created to help eliminate many age-related health problems .
However , not every elderly in the society can get to enjoy these perks , especially those who are bound by financial problems .
Therefore through current research and development and policies , the aging process has been made easier , but only to a large extent .
Until recently , the problems of an aging population have become a major concern among all the nations throughout the world .
Governments of many countries have come up with policies and solutions to decrease elder dependency and slow down the process of a fast aging population .
Aging statistics taken from the United States of America administration of aging show people above the age of 65 represented 12.4 % of the population in the year 2000 but are expected to grow to be 20 % of the population by 2030 .
The statistics have shown that in time to come , the problems of a fast aging population will be too overwhelming for the society to handle ; therefore , we have to slow down the aging process .
The country 's economy will also suffer as a small number of young working population will have to support a bigger umbrella of elder generation .
A lot of resources will also have to be spent on the elderly people .
In this way , the working population will not be stressed too much by the elderly population .
This will help the elderly to be more in touch with the society and keep their physical health in good shape , which will in turn reduce diseases .
Singapore has also helped working adults to save money when they are working so that when they retire , they will still have money for living expenses .
To meet healthcare needs , Medisave is introduced to allow CPF members to use their CPF savings for hospitalization .
In this way , most problems of the aging population are taken care of .
Singapore has also emphasized and instilled filial piety to the children of the aging population to support their parents through meeting their financial needs and emotional needs .
The children of the future should provide for their parents as much as they can even though their financial status looks bleak so that the aging population will not have to rely too much on government help .
Singapore has encouraged people to buy an HDB flat near their parents by subsidizing a substantial amount of money .
This will definitely reduce the fiscal cost of elder dependency .
No matter how much we encourage young people to care for their parents , it 's still their personal choice ; the society or the government can not force them to do their part .
This is because what the aging population needs are their children 's provisions and their care and concern .
In conclusion , I think that many developments and policies have helped to reduce the aging process and also solve the problem of a fast aging population .
Although this problem can not be solved in a short period of time , theses policies and developments will help to curb the problems of an aging population .
Many pessimistic predictions were made by people about this problem .
However , with the assistance of Information and Communication technology ( ICT ) , the situation could be fundamentally shifted through mainly three ways .
This change effectively eliminates their disadvantages in terms of mobility compared to the young people .
Nowadays , fewer and fewer jobs require certain level of performance .
Those repetitive and tedious jobs are now performed by machine and jobs become more of managing people and resources , especially with Information Technology as the medium .
This change of job nature makes a huge difference to the aged people 's constraints for physical conditions are no longer employers ' top concern .
Besides changing the workspace , ICT also brings good news to the aged by changing employment relationships .
9 out of 10 employers would be reluctant to hire old people because they are afraid that they can not work as efficiently ( which is always not the case ) .
However , with the introduction of ICT , many more new jobs are created , a large percentage of which are self-employed jobs .
So for the elderly , a new choice is offered to them : after their retirement , instead of heading into the job market and competing with people probably half their age for a post , they can start up their own business .
What matters is their , not their age .
The previous two points are mainly about ICT 's impact on the jobs for the elderly .
Thus , being re- educated becomes a priority for them .
Important as it is , very few old people will get back to school and receive education again .
There are two main reasons for that . Firstly they may feel embarrassed studying together with young students who are at their early twenties .
Secondly they may not have sufficient money or time for their re-education .
Opponents may probably argue that ICT is a privilege that only benefits the young people .
Although young people have an advantage for they have been exposed to the technology from early ages , the aged people still stand a high chance to succeed , as long as they can adapt to new features quickly .
After all , the internet is a common property of which every one can enjoy a share .
Current research and development in the field of ICT has largely shaped the society .
Since people have longer life expectancy , the number of elderly people increases .
This leads to the issue of the aging population .
The aging population causes a lot of problems , since a lot of money will be used to support the elderly .
Consider if an elderly person has been sick for a long time and his/her spending has already reached the limit ; are we going to tell him to die because we will not provide him with anymore money ?
Secondly , the elderly have the right to be protected because they have worked for the country before .
Would we like to be treated as a burden ?
It is really selfish if we treat the elderly badly but still want to be treated nicely when we grow old .
It may be argued that the elderly might misuse this service and fully rely on the public funding rather than trying to cope on their own .
There are a lot of people who could only rely on this service to survive .
We should remember their deeds and we should also remember that we will become old one day .
In other words , the government should spend more on creating jobs and educating the population .
It might be true to some extent , but we should also consider that the government will only limit the public spending on the elderly , but will not eliminate it .
The government will still take care of those who can not take care of themselves .
Friedland and Summer ( 2005 ) stated that the meaning of " retirement " and " old age " nowadays is different from what it was in the past , as future groups of older people are likely to be even better off .
Furthermore , the country will also lack trained labor force .
For instance , Indonesia , the world 's 4th most populous country , has 109,900,900 labor force , but the rate of the unemployed was very high ( 9.10 % ) in 2008 ( CIA , 2008 ) , due to low literacy rates .
The current situation is worrying as when this generation ages , the government will need to provide a certain care for them .
Hence , it is again the government 's role to subsidize the education so that everybody at least can get the standard level of education .
Education alone is not enough because even if the society is better-educated there may not be adequate jobs available and the unemployment problem still exists .
The government should create and maintain new jobs .
Besides increasing the number of new jobs , the government can try to invent a new type of job , which can be done by people regardless of their age , including the elderly .
For instance , telecommuting part-time jobs , which do not require the workers to be in the workplace , are good to be implemented nowadays , by means of our advanced technology .
Governments and policy makers will take the main role to formulate the best policies to deal with the long-term economic and social challenge of global aging , so that we are fully prepared to face this issue .
Aging is becoming a hot issue when the percentage of the elderly in the society is continuously increasing .
Certainly , when the number of aged people rises , public spending on this group will have to be raised as well to take care of this group .
However , I think there should be a limit on how much shall be spent for the elderly , because the government needs to use more money on country development .
Actually , the problem of more population getting aged does not lie in the demographic change , but in the fact that the productivity of the nation will decline .
When the government tries to spend more and more on the aged , it will lead to a lack in money for development , then a slower economic growth , which will finally leave the government with less choice to spend for the elderly people .
Secondly , imposing a limit on public spending for the aged can make people spend money more responsibly .
For most people , if they know they will have to take care of themselves more when they are old , they will be forced to save money for the future .
They therefore will have to think more when spending money , and will try to reduce wasting extra money on unimportant things .
Moreover , nowadays , with better living condition for the whole life of a person , many old people may not be in poor health. .
Hence , extra care for additional health care may not be necessary for many elderly people .
.
Many opponents may argue that the aged are the most vulnerable group in the society and thus need more and more attention .
However , to help these people become less vulnerable , it is not so good when they are already aged .
Thus , focusing on social development as a whole , and improving living condition throughout the life of people is actually a better way to help people gain a better health and become less vulnerable when they are aged .
The productivity of the country will therefore be increased , and again , with more wealth earned , public spending in general , and on the aged , in particular , will be increased as a result .
In conclusion , although the population of the earth in general is getting aged , which could lead to certain consequences , the government should not be panicked to address that problem in a temporary way by increasing public spending for the aged as much as possible .
Rather , the government should focus on developing the nation as a whole , especially maintaining the economic growth , because this is the long term and most effective way to solve the aging problem .
In my opinion , I agree to a large extent that current research , development and policies have helped ease the aging process .
In the course of my essay , I will first show how economics , medicine , architectural and technological inventions and social policies have helped ease the aging process while financial constraint can limit the effectiveness of easing the aging process .
Firstly , economics have helped ease the aging process .
The various products available have helped to minimize the impact of unforeseen events so that an individual can save resources to meet aging needs .
In addition , as education opportunities increase , economies around the world have transformed from labour intensive to knowledge-based .
Secondly , architecture has also helped ease the aging process .
With the increasing prevalence of obstruction free buildings , the mobility of the senior population is significantly increased .
The safety features in household appliances have enabled the elderly to take care of their own needs safely .
Overall , technology has allowed the elderly to reduce their dependency on others , and has improved the quality of their lives .
In this way , the elderly will have a sum of money available to support themselves in their golden age when they retire .
In conclusion , economics , medicine , architecture , technological inventions and social policies have helped to ease the aging process but they require financial resources to achieve .
The problems of an ageing population have led to these countries coming up with measures to counteract the problems .
One of these measures is to increase public spending so as to ensure that the aged are taken care of .
We have to prepare more healthcare teams to specialize in treating illnesses related to the old as it is commonly known that the old are more prone to illness .
Thus , by increasing the amount of healthcare workers focusing on treating elderly illnesses prevent the situation of the lack of healthcare workers for the elderly in the near future .
Some of the elderly may not have saved enough to last them till death or their children are not willing to take care of them .
Nevertheless , if the government leaves the elderly who are fighting old age alone without care , it would be too cruel of the government .
These unfair treatments that the elderly face may pose a psychological problem to them .
For example , the aged may face discrimination when looking for jobs as compared to the young and also , the old age may receive less all-rounded treatment in the healthcare sector based on the stereotype that they are in the natural process of aging and that they are less likely to recover .
The government then has to interfere to educate the public to be less prejudiced against the aged .
If the economy improves , people would earn more money and thus the burden on the children taking care of their old-aged parents would be relatively less as they could better afford the costs of taking care of the elderly .
Those elderly who are unfortunate or those who have no children may face problems as they would have no one to take care of them and would be worse off without any help from the government .
As a result , public spending on the aged should not be limited as it is needed to help these elderly people .
To sum up , the government has to assume responsibilities in taking care of the elderly and to ensure that the country is adequately prepared to accept an ageing population ; thus , spending on the aged should not be limited and money should not be diverted into other areas of the country 's development .
I agree to a large extent that current research and development/policies have helped to ease the aging process .
Technology plays a significant role in providing aid for and improving the lives of the elderly .
It is also important that ageing related problems are highlighted so that corresponding policies can be implemented , for example the introduction of the pension system and late retirement to reduce elder dependency .
Firstly , the goal of personal health technologies will be to change from a centralized model where the elderly would go to the hospital where healthcare is provided , to a distributed model whereby healthcare services are delivered to where the elderly live .
Information technology applications have enabled the elderly to initiate communication , keep track of their personal health record and also make follow-up appointments which can be conducted through Telemedicine .
Telemedicine was introduced to provide care for the patient from any location with the help of transferring electronic information through various technology applications and equipments such as the web camera .
This technology delivers care directly to the homes of the elderly at an affordable rate and provide right information at the right time which benefits decision making of the medical officers involved .
It allows the elderly to be more active in taking care of themselves at the comfort of their own home .
It may be argued that telemedicine might not be as effective as contact monitoring and hands on attention .
Nevertheless , such applications have helped to reduce the time spent in hospitals and medical costs , improve record tracking practices and speed of communication .
Next , national policies such as pension systems are arranged to provide the retired elders income .
The fund may be set up by a corporation , the government , or any other organization to pay the retired workers .
Critics of this position point out that the cost of providing pensions leads to the increased taxes on the workforce .
However with the help of the pension system , it has provided the elderly with a retirement fund , thus reducing the elder dependency on the children of the elderly .
Opponents of this position argue that there would be an increase in the wage base with a lower retirement age , because people will save less as they need less wealth and lower savings .
Moreover , lifelong learning empowers the elderly to lead a better lifestyle through social interaction and contribution to the community .
In conclusion , technology and national development and policies have helped ease the aging process .
Technology applications such as Telemedicine which aids the tracking and handling of medical reports and appointments encourage the elderly to keep track of their personal health through a cost and time effective system .
In recent years , an aging population has become a serious demographic challenge to many countries around the world .
Many governments are concerned about an aging population as it leads to problems such as a shrinking workforce , decrease in economic growth due to a drop in productivity , increase in societal costs and many more .
an increase in the number of elderly persons can potentially lead to an increase in healthcare costs .
higher demands and costs for healthcare spending will pose a great challenge to the distribution of family and public resources .
Government spending on healthcare in countries around the world has always taken up one of the biggest fractions of the government budget .
However , what if there was a decrease in the amount of government spending on healthcare costs , where could the money be better used ?
Money can then be diverted to other areas of the country 's development which may be of greater use to the future generations . This will also make members of the society more independent in after their own health . In addition ,
Firstly , with a higher budget to spend in other areas such as education and defense , a country may develop even more rapidly .
With little economic growth , a society may be faced with fewer options on how to take care of people who are least able to take care of themselves .
However , with sufficient economic growth , this would not be the case as there would be more options and fewer persons in need of the help .
With more educated youths , the size of the economy and the tax base would be bigger and the cost burden of an aging population may be spread over a larger and more productive future generation .
Such is the case in Scandinavian countries where generous public funding for prenatal incentives and investments in children , for example in education , has helped curb the problem of an aging and declining population .
Furthermore , in a more educated society , more people are equipped with the knowledge to better take care of themselves and hence help lessen the amount of healthcare spending .
Elderly dependency can be reduced when they are forced or encouraged to plan and provide in advance for their own old-age livelihood .
When enforced by law or encouraged to save and invest more of their income while still in the work force , people will then save a sufficient amount of money to take care of their health when necessary rather than depend on government spending to support their health in their old age .
Dependence on the government can also be reduced by encouraging later retirement ages , longer working lives and lower requirements to elder employment , which can be achieved alone with an increase on the eligibility of age for pensions and government incentives for the elderly .
In Singapore , the government has tried using schemes such as CPF ( Central Provident Fund ) , Medisave and Medishield and even scrapped the pension scheme in order to encourage more Singaporeans to take greater responsibility for their own health .
Lastly , limited public spending on healthcare will encourage more working adults to take better care of their elderly parents .
With the elderly to look after , there will be more stress on filial obligations thereby increasing the willingness of adults in the future to take care of their elderly parents by all means .
In an increasingly society , working adults often have no time , attention , care and even finance to take care of their elderly parents and thus eventually abandon them in homes .
However , depending on the support and care from the family may be a better and cheaper alternative to take care of the elderly than depending on the nursing home 's nurse to take care of one 's parents .
However , detractors may disagree with the stand that public spending on healthcare should be limited and the money should be diverted to other areas of the country 's development .
The society may face a wide range of social issues on education , housing and many more which may not be solved by setting limits on healthcare expenditure on the government 's part as this may instead create even more problems .
Yet , in the first place , spending on healthcare may not be a good way to solve societal issues such as the lack of filial piety amongst the youths and over dependence on the government to solve every problem one might face .
In a nut shell , government spending on the aged in healthcare should be capped at a certain limit to take care of people who may really be in need while the rest of the budget should be shifted to other areas of the country 's growth .
With a limit on healthcare expenditure in the government 's budget , there may be a better investment in the area where the government 's budget goes to , people would be more self reliant and lastly it will instill a stronger sense of filial obligation in the youths .
If the government decides to cut its expenditure on the aged population , the elderly will be struggling for their survival as many welfare benefits will be limited .
This increases burdens on the younger workforce as they have to bear the cost of healthcare services required by the elderly .
This is because the older generation contributed to the workforce during their younger days .
It is their hard labour that has paved the road for us today .
As a result , the younger people and the government should reciprocate the hard work by helping the elderly .
Even if the elderly is able to support themselves , the government should continue to assist through other policies .
However , priority should be given to the needy elderly , especially for older people with a lower education background and less savings .
A handful of old people have been left stranded on the streets without shelter .
Some have been abandoned by their families while others can not afford a house because of their financial difficulties .
Therefore , the government should not limit public spending on the aged population .
As they age , their body constitution becomes weaker .
They have to make occasional visits to the doctor for diagnosis and remedy .
The cost is high , especially nowadays when new technologies and treatments are expensive .
The government can subsidize part of the healthcare expenses incurred by the elderly .
This will lighten the burden of the aged population as well as the younger workforce .
Certainly , if the government diverts its spending to other areas of the country 's development , the country would enjoy greater economic growth .
Because of that , the government would be able to collect more taxes , which can be used to aid the aging population .
Clearly , the consequences of cutting expenditure on the aged outweigh the alternative in many aspects .
A sizeable segment of the aged would suffer through the process of achieving economic growth .
Consequently , they would be struggling for survival with the limited welfare policies available to them .
In other words , if welfare programs for the aged are reduced due to limited spending , many problems would arise .
Subsequently , the government would have to spend more resources to solve the problems that arise .
Therefore , it is better to give equal if not more spending to the aged , while keeping existing welfare benefits in place .
Current psychology researchers claim that there are several pillars to being a healthy individual .
Therefore , to have pillars such as having sufficient social support and having an active engagement in life helps the elderly to cope with the inevitable stress of elderly life .
Care at home is often the preferred choice of the elderly and is generally more affordable for care providers than putting them into an institution for the elderly .
The elderly need some form of monitoring technology to help improve their safety when no one is able to be around to look after them all the time .
Remote health monitoring solutions such as to keep tabs on their blood pressure , body temperature and their heart-rate can raise alerts for medical attention quickly .
Technologies have also been designed to help the elderly maintain their own independence .
One invented device uses optical sensors to monitor how these elderly pick things up and how they use them .
It can tell if a person does something wrong such as mistake a bottle of vinegar for drinking water ; or if they are doing certain things in the wrong order .
This technological invention can also be extended to monitor how the elderly interact with other devices such as a television , a DVD player or a washing machine .
Another invention uses Radio Frequency Identification ( RFID ) technology to track which medications are taken and when .
In addition , adding a motion sensor system to provide a daily update of the elderly can help bring peace of mind to distant relatives who are concerned about the safety of their elderly family members who might be injured or ill and , worse of all , unable to call for help .
We have seen how technologies are able to replace human supervision and to monitor the condition of an elderly person round the clock , which is less possible with human care providers .
One may argue that these technologies could potentially isolate the elderly further from their families and keep them indoors even more .
This is no longer true because advanced technologies have managed to put a face to high tech devices .
A technology called the Digital Family Portrait enables the elderly and their relatives to hang up a special digital frame on their walls to receive updates of what 's going on in .
This technology can also be used to receive video phone calls from neighbors within the neighbourhood an elderly person lives in .
Furthermore , the elderly who have difficulties getting out of their homes can tap on various video technologies to draw themselves closer to their neighbors and faraway relatives through activities such as playing chess with them or engaging in a simple conversation .
Instead , it is meant to be a life enabler to increase the quality of life , like helping the elderly stay indoors safely and providing maximum possible social interaction and social support from their neighbors and relatives .
Therefore , current research on technology targeted towards the elderly not only helps ease the aging process , but it also increases the quality of life significantly for these elderly folks .
As Singapore 's population ages , there are many questions on how to help the elderly cope with the aging process .
with the government 's emphasis on tackling the rising problems of an ageing population , current research and development have helped to ease the aging process through introducing policies , upgrading facilities and providing quality healthcare services .
These improvements can be seen in various contexts and we will be looking at the benefits they have provided to the elderly .
They introduced laws and encouraged people to save and invest more of their income earned while they are active in the work force .
The government created public awareness of early planning and proper saving strategies which are necessary to ensure that we have enough money to last us through our old-age after retirement .
The government has also set up a mandatory saving scheme for all working Singaporeans .
However , some people , especially the younger ones , disagree with such a scheme .
They believe that they should have control over their earned income instead of being 'forced ' to contribute a portion of their income to such a scheme .
Thus , with the public awareness of saving for old age and the CPF , one will have sufficient savings for their old-age dependency .
Therefore , the development of an elderly-friendly environment helps to ease the aging process .
An elderly person is not afraid to walk around the housing estates or travel in public transport as these facilities have become more accessible to them .
One of the infrastructural developments that we can see is the building of lifts to serve all levels of new and existing HDB flats .
This eliminates the need for an elderly person to climb the stairs in order to get to the level that the lift does not stop at .
The elderly will have an easier time walking up and slopes than stairs to get to their destination .
Public transportation such as the MRT and buses have implemented a similar concept in the building of their facilities .
MRT stations have built lifts to allow the elderly to travel up to and down from the platform with ease .
Public buses have steps-free entrances and exits for easier mobility of the elderly .
However , some people question if the spending on all these upgrades to increase accessibility for the elderly is necessary .
But if we do not maintain a good infrastructure that caters to the elderly , no matter how good the economy is , the elderly will not be able to enjoy accessible and user-friendly facilities that make their life more convenient. .
However , now we will be able to get the proper care and rehabilitation due to improvements to healthcare facilities such as public hospitals , nursing homes and polyclinics .
We have a team of well-trained doctors and nurses who are committed to taking care of the elderly who need special attention .
We also have groups of medical specialists who are always finding ways to improve the healthcare of the elderly through better medication and rehabilitation .
As a result , more day rehabilitation centres and nursing homes have been built to handle the demands for increasing healthcare .
In my opinion , the elderly do not need to worry about getting good healthcare services as it is easily found anywhere in Singapore .
government policies are involved to ensure that proper saving for the future is in place , the upgrading of public facilities have helped create an elderly-friendly environment and better healthcare services have been made available .
Firstly , encouraging later retirement for the elderly can drastically change individuals ' attitude towards work .
This in turn will provide a positive mentality to better prepare them for their old age .
For example , when the government announces measures to encourage later retirements , the citizens would be prepared for what is to come and be more ready to accept it , thus reducing elder dependency in the long term .
Secondly , extending individuals ' working life will often result in the accumulation of more wealth which can be used to support them in their old age .
This acts as a safety net to dramatically reduce the need for elder dependency .
For example , an elderly person who has worked for 50 years compared to one that has worked for 40 years should have considerably more savings .
With the ability to work and also a sustainable income , the elderly will find themselves less dependent on others .
Moreover , their gained experience can prove valuable to the economy .
For example , with increased measures by the government fto put the elderly into the workforce , the elderly will be able to depend on themselves .
All in all , the strategy of reducing elder dependency through the 3 methods can prove to be valuable for an aging society .
Once you are on board , there is nothing you can do " , said Golda Meir .
Indeed , perhaps everyone is afraid of aging because it not only marks deterioration in physical health and significant psychological changes , but also places more financial burdens on the government and the society , because obviously , the elderly need fiscal support , better health care and facilities specialized for their age-related problems .
One example of necessary financial support is the investment on developing and upgrading the current facilities used in education , including information technology equipment , laboratories and library systems .
This is particularly important to the education in developing and less developed countries , like Vietnam , China , the Philippines and Malaysia , where teaching and learning still utilise traditional methods with little IT support and the use of old textbooks , as well as using laboratories with obsolete devices .
With improvements in educational facilities , students will be able to access up-to-date knowledge more easily , as well as experiment with and apply what they have learned in reality .
By providing tuition grants ( of 80 % ) and financial aid for living costs of foreign students along with a career bond , Singapore will have a greater workforce serving them for at least 3 years after graduation .
Another area that the government needs to be concerned about is the environment as hundreds of environmental projects ( such as reducing the level of green house gases and noxious fumes in the atmosphere or promoting the use of non-plastic carrying bags ) are waiting for capital and fiscal support .
In such small nations ( in terms of geographical area ) like Singapore , this issue is particularly important because every climatic change or pollution problem is likely to negatively affect the whole country , especially the physical health of the people , including the aged .
Moreover , the environment is a global concern ; it influences everybody in the world .
Thus , protecting it means we are protecting not only the young but also the elderly ; not only the current generation , but also the future ones .
Besides the concerns surrounding environmental protection and education , public spending on the aged should be partly transferred to public infrastructure development projects such as public transportation , schools and hospitals because such developments are directly related to the improvement in the living standards of senior citizens .
Firstly , a modern infrastructure will bring about s , effectiveness and efficiency .
One example of this is the extension of access to most public places and even on public transport vehicles for people with physical disabilities , through designing paths or elevators specialized for wheel chairs , or placing special directional signs for the elderly with sight or hearing problems .
Secondly , due to its higher efficiency , such facilities will help reduce operational costs and subsequently decrease the cost of living for citizens .
For instance , a well organized public transportation system will help minimize the use of private vehicles , which is costly , and reduce traffic congestion and accidents .
And therefore , to some extent , the elderly will indirectly benefit from this policy .
In conclusion , people may be upset with the idea of limiting public spending on the elderly because they may think that the aged increasingly lack care from the society .
However , considering the positive impacts it brings about to the entire society , obviously the advantages will outweigh the disadvantages .
Singapore is no different .
As the population continues to age , government spending on the aged will probably increase as more and more people would rely on the government for their needs .
I do not agree with this .
In the past , the literacy rate of the people was low .
Many elders of the current generation have little to no education so in their economically active years , they were n't able to save a lot .
Moreover , most of the money they earned was spent on their children to make sure that they received proper education .
This act of placing the younger generation 's interest before theirs and making sure that they got proper education increased the literacy rate of the country and contributed to the country 's development .
In other words , the old have contributed a lot to shaping our country into what she is today .
Therefore , now that the country has prospered , the government should look after the people who helped made it possible .
some may argue that since the elderly spent their money on their children , it 's now the responsibility of the children to look after their needs , and not the government 's .
However , if that were to happen , would increase and the younger generation may find it harder to start a family .
According to the Singapore Ministry of Finance , in FY2009 , 41.5 % of government expenditure would be placed on the economic and social development of the country .
Looking at the numbers , we can tell that sufficient funds have already been allocated for the country 's development so no additional funds are required .
Even if there is a need for additional funds for economic and social development , instead of limiting or cutting expenditure on the aged , the government should look at other areas to cut .
A reason for the stand that the government should limit spending on the aged is that the aged is not of much use to the society so the government should not concentrate so much on them .
Most of the aged have proved that they can continue to work and contribute to the society in one way or another and thus their welfare should be looked at as well .
In conclusion , spending on the aged should not be limited or diverted as , for a developed country like Singapore , many successes have been brought about by them and they have helped shaped the country into what it is today .
If there was ever a need for more funds to be injected into the development of the country , other areas and not the spending on the aged should be looked at .
I agree that the implemented policies have eased the aging process .
To control the population , the government introduce the 'stop at two ' policy that was so successful that it resulted in a decline of the overall population even till today .
The drop of population has given rise to an aging population .
To tackle the issue of an aging population , the government has implemented some measures that are helping the elderly to age comfortably .
Some of the measures are the Medisave scheme , Lift Improvement and Facilities Enhancement for the elderly ( LIFE ) and the Eldershield scheme .
The Medisave scheme covers a range of health expenses which includes surgical operations,psychiatric treatment and many more .
Such measures of saving for the rainy days will help Singaporeans to cover part of their medical expenses as they retire into old age .
Although this scheme does not provide 100 % coverage on their medical bills , patients will have a smaller burden when the majority of the medical bills are heavily subsidised by the government and supported by Medisave .
The services include upgrading of lifts to access every floor , installation of support handbars in washrooms and setting up a Senior Activity Centre in the neighbourhood .
According to General Housing Survey 2005 , there are around 22,000 elderly people living alone .
More attention should be given to this group of elderly as they have no one to turn to if they require help in their home .
By installing handbars and improving the accessibility of lifts , the elderly are now able to move around safely and in greater comfort .
The Senior Activity Centre also provides a place for the lonely old individuals to mingle around and to participate in recreational activities .
The upgrading process might cause inconveniences to the residents but this is a trade off that they have to bear with for a better tomorrow .
Thirdly , the Eldershield scheme was introduced in 2007 .
The scheme automatically covers Singaporeans that are aged 40 and above with an insurance plan .
According to the Census of Population 2000 , about 3 % of the elderly are non-ambulant .
However , one will have to pay a minimum of $ 176.96 annual premium in order to enjoy the benefits of the scheme .
To make the plan affordable , the government provides premium subsidies and constantly reviews the plan .
In conclusion , the elderly are now more protected and are aging more comfortably with the implementation of the policies .
There are two sides to a coin ; although the measures do not solve the problem entirely and may cause inconvenience in some cases , the benefits will eventually outweigh the cons .
The government will have to constantly review and improve the measures to be prepared for the aging population .
There have been many controversial debates on whether the government should limit public spending on the elderly so that money can be diverted to other areas of the country 's development .
While the latter is important and inevitable , our government is being challenged to cope with the need to increase allocation of public funds for the elderly with a graying population .
If a limit is not in place , the government might soon face difficulties in funding other key sectors of the country 's development such as education and defense .
Smaller side effects include the over reliance on the government to support the aged .
This will turn the regime of supporting the elderly into a nightmare and burden to the society .
Firstly , with a graying population , the government is expected to spend more public funds each year on areas like healthcare for the elderly and elderly friendly public facilities such as slopes in housing estates .
This section of public expenditure soaks up a large portion of the government 's annual allocated budget each year .
In Singapore 's 2009 budget allocation , a total of $ 66 million ( up from a total of $ 55.6 million in the year 2008 ) was allocated from the pool of $ 18.1 billion allocated for social development .
This expenditure is expected to rise further with the increase of life expectancy and the increase in the proportion of the elderly ( from 8.6 % in 2008 to 18.7 % in 2030 ) .
To quote a statistic from Singapore 's 2008 budget day report , in 2007 , 21 % of the Government Healthcare Expenditure ( GHE ) , or 0.2 % of the country 's GDP was dedicated to elderly care .
Many people might however , disagree that government should limit the public spending on aged .
The economic growth of a country relies on many areas such as education , the welfare of the public , defense , transportation , and many more .
All these aspects work together to make a great impact on the country and make the country grow .
Therefore , the government should not direct their money specifically into certain areas while neglecting the rest .
Education is one of the very important a country should develop .
The government should invest a substantial amount of effort in this area .
The school is a place where every single young person receives education .
The government should also focus on developing this area to make the learning process more interactive and exciting .
Education and knowledge are important tools that help them to survive int the working world .
Lack of education leads to lack of knowledge .
If a country does not develop well in the area of education , the economy of the country will definitely not grow well .
This is because most graduates do not meet prerequisites required by the industy .
Thus , the government should also focus on and put in more effort to help these people .
The government should create more job opportunities for them .
For example , the government can run some job training programs to help the graduates exploit their talent and better equip them for the industry .
Investing in the young is more worthwhile than in the aged because they are well-educated and have the potential to make more contributions to the country .
Over time , the population of the elderly is gradually growing .
If expenditure on the aged is not controlled , the government would be putting more and more money into something which would not really have any impact on the country 's economic growth .
The government can limit the expenditure because the burden of healthcare can be borne by the family members of the aged through schemes like MediSave .
Working adults have to pay for high living expenses such as their children 's tuition and enrichment classes .
To those with low incomes , these are already a burden for them .
Most elderly have a lot of health problems and they also need medical care , the majority of which involves high cost .
Therefore , cutting down on welfare programs will burden the working adult with greater financial problems .
They will then have to work even harder to earn a living .
For example , they might take up 2 or more jobs working day and night .
As a result , they end up with poor health and reduced productivity in their work .
In conclusion , limiting public spending on the aged does not mean ceasing expenditure on them .
Instead , it achieves a balance where the government can set a limit and provide adequate funding for them while focusing on other more important aspects like education .
Public spending refers to money expended by a government to pay for areas such as defense , development projects , education , health , infrastructure , and law & order maintenance , and such spending is supported by taxation .
With an increasing number of elderly in society , it is rather strenuous for the non-elderly to contribute to the tax base .
And it is in no doubt that the aged require additional spending on public pensions and health care .
One argument that suggests money should be diverted to the education area is that higher education would help to cut down the sizeable segment of the population who needs government aid during old age in the future .
This is because according to Robert B. Friedland and Laura Summer , people with better education are more likely to have higher incomes and better health .
However , they should take into consideration the fact that there are elderly from the past generations without good education who have not been able to save in their younger days .
Since they are old , retired and do not have much savings , large health and long-term care expenses will significantly deplete their resources .
Some think that spending money on the aged is like throwing money down the drain since it is part and parcel of life for them to grow old , age and die .
Thus making it possible for people to live comfortably now .
Whereas , an elderly who has children whose income is relatively stable , will receive less help .
In this way , public spending will not be misused and children are forced to be filial and therefore , the government does not have to set a limitation on public spending since the amount spent on the aged will be less .
In order for those elderly to live reasonably well , but not to the extent of " luxuriously well " , government should assess the living condition of these elderly and provide them with the necessary aid they need .
In recent years , public spending on the aged has gradually increased , sparking countless discussions about whether public spending on the aged should be limited , so that the money can be diverted to other areas of the country 's development .
In countries where the population is not aging , public spending on the aged should be decreased and the funds should be channelled into other more important policies and schemes .
One of the reasons why the government should not be the one that supports the elderly is the simple concept of filial piety .
Filial piety is one of the virtues that have been around society for ages . It emphasises respect for parents .
Therefore , the costs of spending for the should be borne by their respective offspring .
Their children should be the one to support them through their old age as " repayment " for all that their parents have done .
It is not easy to bring up children ; parents have to scrimp and save just to give their children the best .
Parents also try to give their children the best education they can afford .
So , should it not be only fair that their children support them through their old age , especially when they have no one else to rely on ?
Therefore , public spending on the aged should be cut down because the younger generation should be the one supporting their parents ; it is their own duty and should not be left to the government .
Nevertheless , there will be special cases when such aged folk do not have children to rely on , either because they do not have kids , or due to some misfortune have lost their children .
In these cases , it would only be right for the government to help them .
Hence , public spending on the aged should be limited , but not completely ignored .
Also , in every society where exist , there will be a group of people who tend to " abuse " the system .
In reality , there are a number of those who try to leech off as much government funding as they can , despite their ability to support themselves .
After the aged retire , there are a large group of them who actually are still fit to work and are able to do minor jobs to support themselves .
However , this is rarely brought up due to the fact that most of them do not wish to continue working into old age ; they believe that they deserve to rest .
Although I believe that people who retire definitely deserve their freedom , I completely disagree that most of them should be doing it at the expense of the government .
If their children are unable to support them through their old age for whatever reason , they should try to find minor jobs to support themselves , especially if they are still physically fit .
Therefore , spending on the aged should be minimized , and funds that are allocated to it should be given out more wisely and strictly .
Some people disagree that public spending on aged should be cut down , arguing that the cost of supporting an old person may be too much of a burden for young adults nowadays .
However , I feel that if there are increased funds in the other areas of development , the burden would actually be lesser than it already is .
If public spending on the aged is decreased or minimized and the funds are diverted to other channels to boost economic growth , the country would be a richer society .
There would be a rise in wealth and the working population would actually have more monetary assets to support the aged .
Also , funds could be diverted into other sources which would result in an improvement in a country 's cleanliness .
This can be accomplished through increased technology , or investment into machinery that cleans up polluted air .
The cost of supporting an old person is no doubt largely due to increased medical costs that come with old age .
However , if the country is able to find a way to improve cleanliness , this will no doubt lead to a healthier population , which in turn means lower medical costs .
Therefore , it is a wiser choice to lower public spending on the elderly because the net benefit from such an action would be much greater than if we were to leave the spending untouched .
However , such a policy would only work in countries that do not face an ageing population .
Countries that face the problem are unable to carry out such a plan .
This is due to the fact that it is almost impossible for the younger generation to support the aged , considering number of aged in society greatly outweighs the generation that supports them .
Therefore , it would be wiser for the governments of such countries to craft other policies that would suit their own needs .
This would in turn benefit the countries more than if they were to leave the policies untouched .
This essay argues to a large extent that current research and developmentpolicies have helped to ease the aging process because of the innovative that Singapore 's government and other organizations have provided .
These solutions are mostly in the area of medicine , technology and society which are essential in slowing the and eradicating this problem in the future .
For instance , in United Kingdom , a research done by Deloitte and summarized by Dr Michael Harris ( Nesta , April 2009 ) showed that more than a quarter of fifty- to sixty-year-old elderly people have been diagnosed with medical conditions and the numbers are expected to increase in the future .
It is possible for people to have this view because this medicine is not widely used in the market as further research is still ongoing to further improve its effectiveness .
Most of them will have trouble adjusting to new technology if they are already comfortable with the level of technological background that they are equipped in .
Moreover , health conditions such as deteriorating eye sight or poorer hearing can be a problem as well .
However , Microsoft has come up with technological innovation that helps the elderly deal with these situations due to their health concerns .
Nevertheless , despite this solution , the elderly are still struggling to cope with the latest technology .
But they should be willing to adapt to technological changes as these are there to help humans cope with their daily activities ; there are also alternatives provided to these changes so that society would not to neglect the elderly .
In fact , one of the measures includes the " Maintenance of Parents Act " ( Statutes , " Maintenance of Parents Act " , Chapter 167B , June 1996 ) in which parents can demand rights from their children who neglected them .
This helps to prevent grown up children from running away from their responsibilities towards their parents .
Moreover , companies are also encouraged to employ older workers even after these workers are past their retirement age ( Channel NewsAsia , September 2009 ) .
To further attract the interest of companies to do so , recognition such as the " AARP International Innovative Employer Awards " is given out to companies which demonstrate innovation in inclusion of elderly in their companies ( AARP International , January 2008 ) .
Yet , despite such incentives being given out , many companies still choose to retrench those who fall under the older age group during the retrenchment period claiming that the elderly are less productive and effective .
While this may be true , it is possible to keep the elderly from being retrenched as they can take up courses to improve their skills .
In conclusion , although such research and policies have yet to fully solve the problem of an aging population , they still provide alternatives for the aged and society to cope with the problem .
Thus , it is up to the individuals themselves to determine whether they want to oblige to the policies implemented or try out those new alternatives .
Aging population is becoming a more and more serious problem , consuming a great amount of money from public programs .
One solution is limiting the money spent on programs for the aged and diverting that money to other areas of a country 's development .
Some critics say implementing this solution might imply that the government does not want to support the elderly ; however , it is a practical solution to the current aging population problem .
Some people say this solution might cause financial difficulty to many elderly and their family , especially some critical segments of the elderly population , such as those who have particularly low income like older single women , or those who have attained little education ( Friedland and Summer , 2005 ) .
However , this policy will only use up a part of the money used for the aged .
Those who can support themselves , either by their own savings or by support of family , should help reduce financial stress exerted on programs for the elderly .
In fact , there are more and more people who do not have to rely on government help .
Friedland and Summer ( 2005 ) also agree that " the population aged 65 to 75 is healthier , wealthier and better educated than persons in this age group in past generations " .
In fact , several countries have already implemented means testing systems that reflect the above idea .
In Australia , there is means testing for age pension based on income test and assets test to assess compensation payments ( http : //www.fahcsia.gov.au ) .
Starting from 1 January 2009 , Singapore has run a means testing system in its public hospitals : a certain group of citizens with a certain range of income will have a different subsidy scheme .
For example , citizens who have average income lower than $ 3200 per month will have their hospital fees subsidized by 80 % while those who earn more than $ 5200 monthly will only have their hospital fees subsidized by 50 % ( source : http : //www.hospitals.sg ) .
Most importantly , limiting public money spending on the aged will save a great amount of money for the government .
This money can be diverted to other needier and more important programs , such as educational , environmental and other economic development related programs .
Friedland and Summer ( 2005 ) state that the key word in fighting against aging population is economic growth .
As the economy develops , the country will generate more money and thus be able to spend a greater amount of money on programs such as health care support for the elderly .
In conclusion , a country which faces an aging population problem should consider limiting public money spent on the aged and instead use more of it for its development .
Such money can be considered as an investment for the country 's economy .
Besides , a country could also support programs that make this policy run more effectively , such as promoting children 's willingness to support their elderly parents and implementing means testing programs .
Firstly , it is user-friendly .
IT is user-friendly .
It overcomes the two main problems that the elderly have when using IT .
IT , on the other hand , will never grow impatient with the old .
Some people may argue that although IT would not grow impatient with the old , the old may , in contrast , grow impatient with IT .
However , I believe that IT is user-friendly , and therefore easy to pick up .
The elderly , if given a chance at IT , will never tire of it .
IT ( as cited in Helsinki , 8 April , 2003 ) could improve the operative ability of the elderly and may even enhance their well-being .
The aged could even prevent being sent to an old folk 's home , be able to live alone at home , and increase individual management of their personal issues .
IT not only brings great convenience to the livelihood of the aged , but is also user-friendly .
This makes it easy for the elderly , who would be slow at learning , to pick up IT and get familiarized with it at their own time .
It is also clear that with all the above reasons , the elderly would most definitely find it rather undemanding for them to embrace IT in their lives .
Many problems usually start to arise when one reaches old age .
For instance , one will have lower productivity in work as well as will need to face the issue of rising social and healthcare cost
( Peterson , 2001 ) . Also , the effects of having little education , not being able to save during one 's economically active years as well as deteriorating health among the elderly suggest that government should not limit public spending on them ( Friedland and Summer , 2005 ) . Although there are many benefits if money is diverted to other areas of a country 's development , such as education and generation of a more productive workforce , public spending on the aged should not be limited to allow elderly people to age with dignity .
First of all , public spending on the aged can be diverted to help those people who have lower income but have the potential of pursuing a higher education to get better qualification .
The government could offer scholarships or offer subsidized school fees based on their income level in order to help to generate more highly educated people so that the effects of having little education and not being able to save during one 's economically active years could be minimized .
Although there are benefits , this will result in a large number of people having high qualifications and it will end up becoming something that is common among everybody .
Therefore , diverting money to education would not help to minimize the effect of having little education and not being able to save during one 's economically active years .
Thus , this suggests that public spending on the aged should not be limited .
Secondly , public spending on the aged can be diverted to increase salaries and bonuses of people who are more hardworking and productive so that it will help to generate a more productive workforce .
With an increase in salary and bonus , it will allow one to save during their economically active years and also help them to slow down deteriorating health that will continue into old age . one will have the ability to pay for their healthcare cost in order to cure any illnesses before it continues into old age .
On the other hand , with an increase in salaries and bonuses of people who are more hardworking and productive , it will result in everybody fighting for such increases and therefore , one will become an enemy of the other person .
This also suggests that public spending on on the aged not be limited .
In conclusion , public spending should not be diverted to other areas such as education and generation of a more productive workforce .
Instead , the government should support the aged by providing work that are suitable for them as well as providing support for their medical and social spending in order to help them cope with the rising issue of social and healthcare cost .
Moreover , when the government provides support for medical and social spending , it will allow the elderly to have enough money to spend for their other leisure activities .
Therefore , public spending on the aged should not be limited in order to allow the elderly to age with dignity .
Yes , I agree that public spending on the aged should be limited so that money can be used for other areas of development .
There are several reasons why public spending should be limited .
One reason is that the government can still provide benefits to the elderly by developing programmes that will benefit all age groups .
By limiting public spending on the aged , the government can focus on other areas of development such as the economy .
Government could use public funds to invest in job markets to increase the economic growth of the country .
This does bring some benefits to the elderly .
With an increase in economic growth , the number of working population will rise as more people will be able to find jobs .
This will encourage working adults to take responsibility in looking after their elderly parents and thus , promoting filial obligation .
On top of that , with a better economy , the elderly will be able earn more income if they decide to continue to work until retirement age .
Firstly , business depends on a reliable network of transportation , as time saved will be money saved .
In addition , the transportation network is a key determinant of how businesses are which in turn will affect the flow of investments and the country 's economy .
For example , with more MRT stations and buses , the working population will find travelling to their workspaces become more convenient .
As for the elderly , they will be able to save time travelling to places such as hospitals , community centers , etc .
The elderly would also be able to travel in a more comfortable way .
Therefore , the government should use public funds to improve transportation .
Funds could be used to build more MRT stations and increase the frequency and quality of buses which , in turn , will benefit everyone .
There are other reasons why public spending on the aged should be limited .
One reason is the rising cost of care for the aged .
This is because the number of people aged 60 and above is expected to triple by year 2050 .
Also , with the rising cost of living , the amount of funds needed to care for the elderly will rise tremendously .
This will mean higher tax is required .
Therefore , if the government does not limit the spending , more taxpayer 's money will be needed to care for the elderly .
If this trend continues , the country 's financial reserves will be depleted .
As a result , there is a need to balance public spending .
In conclusion , public spending on the elderly should be limited so that funds could be used in other areas of development .
" Public spending on the aged should be limited so that money can be diverted to other areas of the country 's development " .
I disagree with this statement .
The idea of reducing public spending for the aged would eventually generate more problems in the country and thus slow down the country 's development instead .
The scope of this essay focuses on the area of public spending in healthcare of the elderly .
The country could consider adjusting the budget to improve the economy .
Indeed , this may seem to be a wise move as the country will be richer in its next budget planning .
However , as the economy grows , wages increase and the cost of living also increases , it would be inevitable that prices of products , medication , services , and hospitalization bills , would also be on the rise .
As subsidy is reduced , the family will have to pay more .
Therefore , the positive effect of an increase in wages could be offset by or even be insufficient to keep up with the cost of living for the middle and lower income groups .
Thus , this would lead to the rich getting richer , and the poor getting poorer .
Can we consider a country with high GDP , tall and flashy buildings , but with an increasing number of its citizens living in slum conditions , a country with good economy ?
In order to reduce public spending on the aged , policy makers argue that children who take responsibility for their elderly parents ' medical expenses because it is a form of filial piety .
Despite this wonderfully painted deception , reality proves otherwise , as people to work around the system .
For example , the existence of schemes such as Do-Not-Resuscitate ( DNR ) and Euthanasia , though only in certain countries , could tell a different story as these voluntary schemes may possibly not be so voluntary after all . Children could force their parents to die earlier allegedly to relieve their pain so as to lighten the children 's financial burden .
The movie " Money No Enough 2 " , directed by Jack Neo , shows a scene in the hospital where a mother 's three children burn a talisman hoping for their mother 's death during the economic downturn .
In addition , according to { http : //www.euthanasia.com/deaths2003.html } [ HYPERLINK : http : //www.euthanasia.com/deaths2003.html ] , an increased in the number of people in Oregon died through euthanasia , of whom 37 % of the patients had indicated being concerned about the financial burden of their families { http : //www.euthanasia.com/reasons2003.html } [ HYPERLINK : http : //www.euthanasia.com/reasons2003.html ] .
Although these statistics did not specifically target the aged , they indicate that being a financial burden played a part in their decision to terminate their lives , be they instigated or not .
Money could also be invested in many other areas of the country 's development for further growth or better benefits to the country , rather than waste on healthcare benefits for the elderly .
On the other hand , it is the aged population that had brought the country to what it is right now with their sweat and blood .
Their ailments and conditions could have resulted from their work , be it directly or indirectly caused , while contributing to the nation 's progress , thus they should not be ignored .
Because of this , it is only reasonable that the country should look after these past contributors and not to overlook their achievements just because they are no longer as capable of contributing to the .
This latter move will reflect badly on how the country regards its citizens ; it may even discourage its citizens from performing their best , or even and work in other countries , as they know that the state will not take care of them in their later life .
To sum up , without a doubt diverting public spending from supporting the aged population to the other areas of development in the country may at first seem to be the best option , but eventually , it could result in more harm than good , either by upsetting the balance of wealth in the country , imparting wrong moral values or conveying the wrong message to its citizens .
With the development of societies , governments and policy makers pay more attention to the phenomenon of aging populations , especially in developed countries .
According to incomplete figures , in the European countries , spending on pensions , health , and related issues is currently 15 % of GDP ( gross domestic product ) .
However , although spending on the aged is high , it should not be limited .
Some argue that public spending on the aged should be limited so that money can be diverted to other areas of the country 's development .
For instance , government should cut down the spending on the aged , and use more money to attract talented immigrants .
However , the result may be that many immigrants who have different cultural backgrounds will enter the country .
One country with a great influx of immigrants may become unstable , since cultures are different and cultural fusion needs a long period of time .
Hence , it is not necessary to limit public spending on the aged to attract talented immigrants .
On the one hand , limiting public spending on the aged does not mean that we can spend less money on the aged .
Some of the reasons mentioned are " reducing the share of public support does not eliminate societal costs " ( Friedland and
At the same time , cutting down public spending on will shift the financial pressure on families with old people .
Therefore , we should not limit public spending on the aged .
On the other hand , such spending should promote a sense of humanity and result in more ways to help the vulnerable groups ; after all , it is the duty of government to pay more attention to these groups in society .
The aged belong to these , as their productivity is relatively low , with their medical expenses and social costs higher than other age groups .
Thus , public support to finance the aged is extremely important .
In contrast , some may say that it is of children to show filial obedience to the older generation , so young family members must take care of the older generation so government can take less responsibility for older people .
Thus , public spending on the aged should be limited .
If we just cut down public spending on the aged and divert the money to other areas of the country 's development , this is contrary to the purpose of the government .
In other words , why do we divert the money to other areas of the country 's development in the first place ?
Consequently , diverting money to other areas of the country 's development is an extra and needless job .
In conclusion , public spending on the aged should not be limited just so money can be diverted to other areas of the country 's development .
However , it does not mean that the aged should totally depend on government 's support .
The aged are advised to solve their problems as possibly as they can and put public support as their second choice .
" Although we are moving towards a fast aging population , public spending should be limited and diverted to areas like monetary reward to encourage parents to have more babies .
Besides , if we were to slow down the country 's development , this might hinder our economic growth which , in turn , will affect public spending on the aged indirectly .
As we are now facing the problem of a fast aging population , healthcare expenses incurred by the elderly need funding .
Therefore , if public spending on the aged were to be limited , less budget would be set aside for the elderly , which would affect them as healthcare is very important to them as they face many health issues .
With the limitation of public spending on the aged , the elderly might not receive essential healthcare due to insufficient funding , which may lead to undesired .
If public spending on the aged were to be limited and diverted to funds to encourage couples to have more babies , many people would plan to have more babies since their worries of not having enough money to bring up or to support many babies might have been partially subsidized by the fund .
As the increase in the fund for baby bonus leads to more people planning to have more babies , this would eventually reduce the problem of having too many elderly which result in an aging society .
In this way , it indirectly reduces the problem of having to set aside a big amount of money to aid healthcare services for the elderly .
Another reason for limiting public spending on the aged is that the children of the elderly should pay for their parents ' healthcare expenses .
If funding for the aged is limited , this will result in children bearing the responsibilities to look after their own parents .
As people can no longer depend on society to look after their parents , they will have to take up the responsibilities of looking after their own parents .
In this way , people will be setting a good example to their children on how to look after parents when they grow old .
Although funding for healthcare services for the elderly is essential , it should be limited and diverted to other areas , especially baby bonus .
With more babies born , it could mean more people looking after their parents in the future , which would in turn cut down funds needed for the elderly .
In addition , having more babies will reduce our median age and also solve our problem with an aging population .
I do not agree with the statement that public spending on the aged should be limited so that money can be diverted to other areas of the country 's development .
As Singapore 's population is aging , it is the best time for them to provide for the aged .
Critics might think that as someone is aging , that person can no longer provide for the society anymore .
Firstly , the elderly can provide for society by imparting values to the younger generation .
The elderly have spent many years of their youth on this earth .
Therefore they are in the best position to impart values to their children as they are the wisest person in each family .
Furthermore , even if someone is old , he/she can still provide for the society in terms of decision making .
With the amount of life experiences , they will know the consequences of implementing different kinds of solutions .
A very good example is our former Prime Minister , Mr Lee Kuan Yew .
Despite his old age , he still contributes to society by making major decisions for the country .
This shows that an elderly person is never a useless person in the society .
On the contrary , they are the ones who can make the wisest decisions .
In addition to the above mentioned factors , the elderly have already contributed many years of their youth to society .
If not for them , Singapore would never have become a developed country .
In conclusion , I do not agree that public spending on the aged should be limited so that money can be diverted to other areas of the country 's development .
The elderly can contribute to the society by using their life experiences to make important decisions for the country .
This may seem impossible but it can be made possible if each elderly person begins imparting these values to his own children .
In due time , Singapore will become the safest county that can make the best decisions .
Until recently , there was much concern about the consequences of over spending on the welfare of the aging population .
Although , the welfare of the senior citizen may be important it should not to an extent where the other areas of the country 's development are being hindered .
What is therefore needed is to take a close look at the current situation and evenly distribute the public spending into different areas to ensure that the country is able to prosper .
If the government does not invest enough in these areas , the country will lose its competitiveness , productive capacity in the economy and decrease in public services which will greatly harm the economy .
There is a need to educate the future workforce of the economy , and also to create a workforce which is truly competitive and productive .
Japan is a country with little natural resources and yet has a very highly educated population , which resulted in them being one of the foremost and advanced countries in the world .
A population with poor educational background will find it hard to compete with other foreign talents with quality education background , thus losing out when it comes to employment and resulting in a huge percentage of the population being unemployed .
Furthermore , foreign investors will not set up factories in countries that are equipped with a poorly educated workforce .
Thus education is equally important .
Singapore is a country which is constantly the target of terrorists .
There were several terror attempts on Singapore , but it was foiled mainly due to an effective and strong defense system .
For example , New York City was once a major financial center in the world , but after the September 11th incident , the majority of the investors left New York seeking safer alternatives .
This particular incident cost New York billions of dollars and also millions of job lost overnight .
Singapore , being a small country and yet having one of the strongest economies in Asia , has always been the target its neighboring countries .
Therefore , defense is one of the most important areas which safeguards the interests of a country and the allocation of budget to this area should never be overlooked .
Critics often said that the senior citizens were the country 's pioneers and they had been through the process of nation building and it is our responsibility to ensure that their welfare should never be overlooked .
The financially strapped elderly will receive the necessary subsidies for medical , and transportation costs from the government .
Therefore , those who are financially capable will have to rely solely on their retirement savings .
Otherwise , it would be a huge drain on the tax payer 's money , which will not be utilized to its maximum potential .
Clearly , public spending on the aged is required , but other areas which will affect the development of the country are also equally important , if not more important .
In this ever changing and competitive society , Singapore needs to make the necessary investments in other areas to ensure that it retains its foothold in the global economy .
If we do not limit the spending on the aged , Singapore may risk losing its current global recognition status
With the current research and development and policies , I agree this has helped to ease the aging process to a large extent .
This has indeed become a global problem with the extensive amount of medical research going on and the various policies that are being developed .
Thus in the next few paragraphs , I will explain in depth the various research and government policies being developed to help ease the aging process .
An example is that there has been quite a lot of research on the kind of food one consumes which will help to retard the aging process .
An example of the above is research done by Pusan National University in Korea stating that eating kimchi could reduce the risk of heart disease and retard the aging process by reducing the amount of oxygen the body burns ( ( Ilbo , 2000 ) , 2000 ) .
Another discovery was found in the last few years that drinking red wine in moderation helps to preserve good health and retard the aging process .
This is because red wine contains a substance known as " resveratrol " .
" Resveratrol " is considered to be so effective when it comes to slowing the aging process because the amount of [ pic ] antioxidants that are present within it .
It is these free radicals that wreak havoc within our bodies because they damage cells , which not only cause disease but also aging .
Thus , one can see how extensive this research being carried out to ease the aging process of mankind is. .
Secondly , the government has come up with various policies to ease the aging process .
Singaporeans all know of the term " CPF " .
The government also implemented the " Minimum Sum Policy " to ensure that one has a specific amount in his or her CPF before allowing them to withdraw it at the age of 55 .
At the end of April 2007 , 411 companies had already adopted the scheme .
This shows how effectively the government pushes the policy .
Therefore , one can hardly see how the policies do not help to ease the aging process .
Controversially , citizens have argued that these policies do not help them in the aging process because it has taken a toll on their nett salary after having money deducted to their " CPF " contributions which make monthly living allowances even less for them .
An example is the rise in the " Minimum Sum " scheme .
This has been proven to be untrue as the majority of Singaporeans supports the " CPF " schemes which encourages safer retirement and there are many citizen who even went to sign up for more policies from the government on their own accord .
To conclude , due to a globally aging population , research and development have been carried out to slow down the aging process and the policies implemented by the government for late retirement .
It is hard to see how such research and policies do not help to ease the aging process
In Singapore , the number of ageing people continues to rise at an alarming rate due to the high fertility rate in the past .
With the sharp decline of birth rates that we are facing now , the majority of Singaporeans will be faced with a harder task- taking care of elderly family members .
" There are three areas that I will discuss . These are contributions that elderly have made ; the different needs and problems of the aged and the responsibility of the children .
In the past , Singapore was an under developed country with swamps and kampongs .
If not for the elderly members of Singapore who contributed in helping to mould Singapore into a highly developed country today , many will not be enjoying the fruits of the labor .
Ageing is viewed as an inevitable phase of life that we are compelled to live through .
Despite the challenges surrounding an ageing society , it is still depicted as the best part of our lives - 'the golden years' .
One way to deal with the financial challenges of an ageing population is to enforce a compulsory saving scheme for their old age .
Like many governments around the world , the Singapore government has implemented the Central Provident Fund ( CPF ) whereby a fixed percentage of its citizens ' salaries is set aside to the fund .
However , some may argue that no matter how large the nest-egg one has carefully managed to put aside , the sum is not sufficient to cover the rising cost of everyday life and healthcare services .
As a solution , the government also invests a considerable amount of resources in health promotion and disease prevention .
It is regrettable that when we think of old age , what automatically comes to mind are visions of loneliness and neglect .
These studios are built in such a way that it allows the elderly to be independent .
Some facilities include lifts at every floor instead of alternate floors and elder-friendly features such as non-slip tiles and grab bars .
Railing , ramps and passage way access to building are also available .
With this , elderly people who have difficulty walking can get help by holding on to railing and at the same time exercise their leg muscles .
Ramps are also built for the wheelchair bound so that they can go in and out of the building without any help .
Children may not find the need to visit as they assume that the elderly already have proper care .
Another problem faced is the lack of public recognition of life-long and continuing contributions of older people to society
Earlier , those who had reached a ripe old age held an enviable place in society , but now they are only seen as senile , frail and useless old people .
This will not only make them feel worthy , but the continued employment will also enhance their financial security .
The elderly would feel more at ease knowing that help is forthcoming for them in their twilight years .
Singapore may suffer from long term economic loss while possible government support for the elderly could cause a portion of its Gross Domestic Product ( GDP ) to decline .
To deal with the limitation of public spending for the aged , a budget amount should be set aside to allow enough funds to be used for building and developing infrastructure , creating employment opportunities and improving the standard of living to benefit the nation , as well as to increase its economy and GDP .
Firstly , by having more funds , Singapore can build and develop new infrastructure .
Public transportation systems including light rail system , mass rapid transit system , as well as the current new railway network , Circle line , are well advanced to make the public accessible to any location in Singapore .
Constructing of overhead bridges and expressways has benefited the citizens too .
Currently , the government has set aside an amount to build integrated resorts , the casinos , and tourist attractions to attract tourists to Singapore .
This would enable foreign currency/ exchange to come in and improve the economy .
Having hotels , shopping centers , transportation or other amenities would improve the economy .
Tourists spend their money on accommodation in hotels , shopping and entertainment , food and beverages in restaurants , cultural shows and souvenirs and transportation which would generate foreign exchange .
Employment opportunities would then be created for the local people as hotel attendants , tour guides are needed .
As these people need to be hired , they can contribute to the society and sustain the economy .
Lastly , the government can use funds to improve the standard of living for the citizens such as building more schools to provide better education , and have advanced healthcare technology so that citizens can enjoy the excellent healthcare services With such rising affluence , people would expect a better quality of life .
Given the current situation , most of the people in Singapore would be able to go beyond meeting their basic needs such as food , shelter , water , electric power supply , sanitation , health care and education .
If there 's an improvement in Singapore 's economy , citizens would receive high income to have good food and modern housing .
When people have an improved standard of living , they will be able to contribute to , and sustain the economy .
Even though with the help from the government and fund raising campaigns set up by charity organizations , there will be still a sizeable segment of the population the government has to consider to continue to aid .
With the rising cost of basic necessities and medical costs due to inflation in the future , those with no or low income will suffer as these factors will result in the elderly not having enough savings or income to overcome the current economic climate .
Another point is that the elderly , in their younger age , would have contributed to the society and the economy .
Therefore , the government has to play a part to help the aged if they have any financial difficulties , or in any other ways .
In conclusion , an aging population may cause Singapore 's economy to decline .
However , since the elderly in their younger age may have contributed to the society and the economy , we should spend a certain amount of money for their needs if they have problems dealing with money issues .
But , the amount must be balanced and has to take into consideration other needs such as improving and developing creating employment opportunities and the rising standard of living of the nation .
The extent of public spending on the aged has always been a complicated issue in many developed countries .
Over spending may result in a shortage of resources in the development of the nation , while under spending may imply negligence of government towards the aged .
We will discuss whether to limit the public spending on the aged .
Upon having better technology and infrastructure developments , the country will be able to attract more Multinational Corporations ( MNCs ) to invest , thus increasing job opportunities .
For example , Singapore has attracted MNCs such as Las Vegas Sands Corp. and Genting International & Star Cruises to invest in the tourism sector .
Integrated Resorts ( IR ) will generate approximately 50,000 to 60,000 additional jobs .
Hence , it can be clearly seen that with limitations to public spending on the aged , the money diverted to other areas can help in boosting the economy condition of the country .
Secondly , there is no transparency with regard to the distribution of public spending .
Since no publications are made known , tax payers may be doubtful about the usage of their taxes .
People may make use of charity opportunities to obtain money from the public and use it for their own personal benefit
For example in recent news , Ren Ci 's ex-director had been embroiled in a complicated money scandal .
It was reported that he was supposed to loan an amount to Mandala Buddhist Cultural Centre but it ended up with his former personal aide .
This incident led to the distrust of the public towards charity organizations .
As a consequence , there was a dramatic drop in Ren Ci 's donations from 9.3 to 1.1 million .
Limitations and transparency can be made to gain back confidence in public spending .
A third reason to limit the public spending on the aged will be that the aged population today is different from that of the past past .
Many of them are within the top management .
They hold high posts such as Chief Executive Officer ( CEO ) , Chief Operating Officer etc .
They are capable of taking care of their lives and do not need the government 's aid .
As the aged are able to take care of themselves , public spending can be limited so that it can be invested in other areas for enhanced development .
Finally , having no limitation on public spending on the aged will lead to an increase in dependency on the public spending by the aged .
Apparently , some persons will try to abuse the public spending policy .
They will have this mindset that since the government will be taking care of their lives , they need not work. .
However , there may be a small minority of aged who are physically unfit to work .
Hence limitations on public spending should be implemented so that only this needy group of the aged will benefit. .
In conclusion , with proper limitations on public spending on the aged , the excess money can be channelled to the development of the country , thus improving its economy .
The aged population will also be encouraged to take care of themselves instead of over-relying on public spending .
In modern societies , the aging population is increasing .
Therefore , the government should consider carefully how it treats this special group of citizens .
I totally agree with this idea .
This essay will give some reasons that support thist idea .
To begin with , it can not be denied that the youth are the most important part of the citizens in every country , not the elderly .
The young people are the workers who can contribute directly to the country .
The research has shown that before 30 is the best time to learn and work in our lives . The young citizens can work better than the elder ones .
Moreover , in my opinion , if a country has few old people , it will not be a matter ; but a country which has few youths may cause a lot of problems about manpower resources .
However , the opponents of this position argue that the elderly may have a lot of experience , and so they are very important .
Although the aged have experience , that was in the past .
The world is constantly changing , so everybody must learn day by day .
The Internet today is the most powerful tool that can bring a lot of iinformation and the youth can use it easily .
It is easily seen that if all the other parts of the public facilities are improved strongly , the living standard will increase for all the people in the country , including the elderly .
As far as I am concerned , when the living standard is developed , the incomes of the young people will rise so that they can pay more money to help their parents , who are the aged also .
Another argument is when the government pays so much on the other areas , there will not be any money to help the elderly .
This counter argument is good but it may be not correct because the government pays for the other areas which are also the public facilities , so that the elderly can utilise those facilities also .
In my mind , the youth have a duty to care for their old parents in the way that their parents took care of them when they were young .
Last but not least , when public spending is limited on the aged , the youth must work harder . Therefore the economy will improve
The reason why I say this is because the public spending on the aged is limited . The young people must work harder in order to save more money for the future in the worst case that no one will pay for them .
This idea can force the youth to try to work hard and achieve much in the younger ages .
However , a good question comes to mind : what happens to someone who can not work hard when young and therefore has no one to care for him when he is old ?
It is such unclear whether this argument is true or not but I hold the belief that the governments should try its bests to help these kind of people to earn money .
All in all , there are many reasons which support the idea that spending on the aged should be limited .
There are also many benefits for the aged citizens .
Aging , a biological process which every single normal human in this world must experience every day , has become quite a serious problem for some countries in recent decades .
Japan for instance , with its average age of population at 42 in the year 2009 , is having a quite serious problem with an aging population .
What is the actual problem with the aging problem ?
Basically , with the number of the working population dwindling and the number of the so called " old aged " rising up , the expense for taking care of the " old " is increasing and the economy is facing a huge threat of collapsing .
This , however , has been taken too seriously by some countries .
Although this problem is quite serious , over-emphasizing and spending too much on this problem is not a good idea .
I agree that spending for the old age should be limited for the " old " is not the only concern of a country .
There exists many other aspects of a country that needs more funding and , in some cases , spending more in these other aspects can actually help a country 's aging population problem .
Education in a country is one area that can indirectly help in easing the aging population problem .
Firstly we have to take a look at the cause of the decrease in the working population .
The decrease itself can be caused by 2 different things : low birth rate , which means the problem arises because the shortage of youth ; and low education , which means that the problem arises because of the shortage of well-educated youths for the workforce .
With the education sector well funded , not only can Singapore increase the number of workforce by increasing the number of educated youths , she/ it also manage to attract a lot of immigrants from the neighboring countries such as Malaysia , China , India , Vietnam , and Indonesia .
These immigrants and well-educated youth , in the long run , can ease the aging problem by becoming the workforce , increasing the size and moving the wheels of the economy and decreasing the elder dependency on the government .
Another aspect that can help in easing the problem is the industrial development of a country .
In contrast to the earlier education sector which helps in easing the problem by eliminating the cause , an increase in spending in this sector helps by reducing the effects of the old aging population : the collapse of the economy .
The aging population problem can practically stop the turning wheels of economy as the ones who turn the wheel are the industrial and commercial sector of a country , which needed youths as its workforce .
Their industries , starting from the modern gaming industries such as koei and konami to the more luxurious and " heavy " industries of sport cars such as Mitsubishi , are well-known to have a wide range of customers around the world .
With the industrial sector well-developed , Japan can still maintain its economy from falling despite its average population age of 42 and proved that funding the industrial development sector can really help in easing the aging problem by reducing its impact .
Although one can already see from the examples above that spending for the old age should be limited and the fund should be reallocated to other sectors , one might still think that we are in debt to the old age population because of their previous effort and work in the past and that we have to show our gratitude to them by allocating some for them , spending too much is still not wise idea .
Taking care of the aging population and spending some for them is indeed the government 's obligation and responsibility but one can already see that there are some alternative and better ways to solve and to take care of this population problem , as shown above .
Spending too much on the aging population will not benefit the country at all as spending too much will only waste the funds and will not bring any development or solution for the problem .
On the contrary , spending in other areas might bring benefits as well as solutions to the problem .
Spending on education will help in developing the country and eliminating one of the causes of the aging population problem , while spending on industrial development will help in attracting immigrants and keeping the economy running .
These examples , with the fact that spending on the aged population will not bring any benefit have proven that it is better to limit and reallocate the spending for old age .
Just as the aging population is a serious problem , spending on the aged population is also a problem if it is not done properly .
Spending on the aged must be limited and not too much as there are other aspects as shown above that also need to be funded .
On the other hand , spending on the old age should not be too little either as spending too little will cause the population to be upset and therefore decrease the government stability .
The better alternative , however , is spending more on the other aspects rather than spending on the aging population .
If one can solve the aging problem and develop the country at the same time by spending more on other sectors in the country as mentioned above , why would one choose not to and spend more on the aged population ?
Technology plays an essential role in helping to ease the aging process for the elders in mainly three ways .
First of all , technology makes it possible to retard aging to some extent .
The newest advanced technology offers new therapies , anti-aging products , and others For instance , the Laser ablation of Lipofuscin , a new anti-aging project , aims to tune the use of laser pulses in order to remove lipofuscin from aged cells , to hopefully cure or reduce aging .
Other anti-aging products such as a skin-care cream can contribute to making a part of the consumer 's body stay young .
Now that humans can age at a slower speed with the help of technology , people no longer wake up to the horror that the reflection in the mirror looks so old that it does not correspond with the memory .
Secondly , technology increases elders ' capabilities tremendously .
People 's abilities in seeing , hearing , memorizing , decrease drastically when they reach a certain age .
While such inventions allow the elders to live independently , they also lower the chance of feeling old , weak , and incapable of doing things .
For example , Microsoft introduced new functions in its OS , which can magnify characters , read the screen , voice control , ( delete ) .
The new touchless keyboard from Actbrise even lets users input without the trouble of moving their hands .
( Engadget ) These new tools or functions have made it possible for many elders to enjoy the excitement of experiencing advanced technology .
Because elders can " catch up " with many latest inventions , they are less likely to feel abandoned by the progressing society compared to the older generations .
( Andrews ) Similarly , the quality of artificial organs is improving at an amazing speed , while the need for organ replacement is growing at an even faster rate .
( Cascalho and Platt ) It can be seen that future technology may lead to longer lifespan and better healthcare , as well as possible ways to make an elder 's body literally young and energetic once again .
It is most likely that technology will continue to play an essential role in almost all our lives .
From a handsome young lad to a grouchy old man and from a pretty young babe to a nagging old woman , " Aging is a continuous process from birth to death , which encompasses physical , social , psychological , and spiritual changes .
" ( 1 ) During this process , an elderly will experience deterioration in memory , slower reflexes and mobility and strong desire to have familial support .
To a great extent medical and technological developments help tackle such changes hence help ease the process of aging .
This change can lead to a lot of complications such as forgetting to take medicine for other illnesses , wandering around the streets because they forget how to get home and unable to remember things they had just did .
With this device , one can set time-based reminders to remind them to perform periodic chores for instance to take their medicine .
In the medical field , there is a lot of ongoing research to find medical cures to slow down or stop the process of deteriorating memory .
There are various non-profitable organizations all over the world seeking cures for common illness among elderly an example will be for Parkinson Disease there is the Parkinson 's Institute and Clinical Center in America .
There are the obvious changes such as physical appearance and the not so obvious change in terms of muscular build and structure .
Lastly , the sociological change that the elderly experienced is the desire to be closer to their family members .
Working children can also use web cameras to keep a lookout for their elderly parents at home and should any mishaps happen they can go to their aid immediately .
Based on the aging statistics conducted by the Administration of Aging , " the older population who aged 65 years old and above in America is numbered to be 37.3 million in 2006 " and it is expected to be rising where there will be " more than twice the number by 2030 .
" As the population aged , there will be a higher probability for the elderly to suffer from certain illnesses and disorders that will affect both their physical and mental health .
However , as the technology becomes more and more advanced , countries will be able to tap into the newer technologies and develop more elder-friendly inventions that eventually ease and slow the aging process .
This helps to prevent the elderly from forgetting and doing the same thing/action repetitively in a day .
" This helps the elderly to locate their items and ensure that they will not misplace their valuable items .
These illnesses require constant and regular medication and treatment from the doctor to keep it under control .
Thirdly , as we age , the chance of getting a vision disorder such as cataract will be higher .
However , the critics of this argument feel that the current technology does not help to ease the aging process , but instead , it infringes on the privacy of the elderly .
It is true that technological inventions tend to infringe on the privacy of the elderly , but they still help to ease the aging process as the monitoring of elderly through various electronic ways are done at a good cause .
[ 1 ] As the elderly age , they are bound to suffer from illnesses such as visual and mobility impairment and stroke .
However once the elderly become over dependent on technology , they will be at a loss once the device is unable to respond to expectations .
The elderly can wear this comfortable Hip Protector for the whole day in comfort .
[ 6 ] Lastly this device no need for a comma here it provides confidence and independent living for the elderly .
The elderly could use the joystick to select their desired food on the food tray .
With these elderly care devices and gadgets , the elderly can lead a safe and independent life with minimal help from care givers .
Based on a recent survey conducted on the impact of technology on the elderly , the majority of the elderly surveyed believe that advancement in technology " will produce better quality of life for themselves " ( 1 ) .
With such technologies at hand , the elderly will be confident to live alone knowing that their safety is well taken care of .
However , the military is deemed so essential that it is the " prerequisite " to all areas of development in the country .
In contemporary society , the elderly are well taken care of in many countries .
First of all , there should be a careful consideration about what governments should pay for .
As for healthcare service , it is not reasonable that the elderly can have free or low-priced treatment for all kinds of sickness .
As a result , they can support themselves more effectively not only when they are young , but also during their old age
By doing this , more and more useful and efficient tools and machines can be invented which will improve the productivity of every economic activity .
This economic growth is important because it allows the country to have the power to improve its citizens ' quality of life .
Through education , working adults are able to deal with highly complicated equipment that enable them to bring revenue back to the country .
Elderly who wish to continue working are able to do so by attend upgrading courses to facilitate them in finding jobs .
Following this , appropriate amount of help is given equally to them so as to fully utilize the limited resources .
Government should spend much effort on taking care of them by providing financial support .
When a country can not even handle its own problems there is no way it could be given the chance to hold world class events such as Olympics which boosts its international reputation and many other areas .
Perhaps in the short term pumping financial resources to areas such as technology and economy may produce expected results .
In the long term , the country will suffer from irreversible losses as progress is made by its people and remaining talents are insufficient to substantiate the growth .
Under this scheme , every worker needs to contribute 6.5 - 9 % ( depending on age group ) of his monthly salary to his personal MediSave account .
However , some people might think that if they suffer from those prolonged diseases , it can quickly drain their MediSave balance .
To counter this issue , Singapore has come out with MediShield .
Therefore , with these medical schemes , elderly people 's healthcare can be secured .
However , some children might think that living with their parents is a nuisance because they need a lot of care and attention .
If you think in another way round , the parent 's contribution to children may not be less than children 's contribution to parent .
To deal with such challenge , Singapore 's government has implemented many schemes to help people work longer .
In addition , they could lessen the burden on their children .
When people get older , it is only natural that they are more prone to illness be it mental or physical .
On top of that , there are elderly who have no children , so if their financial conditions are unstable , they should be given the necessary funds to make ends meet .
Firstly , as a country usually allocates its budget to various areas , any increase in spending on a particular area will mean reduced spending on other areas .
For example , if a country decides to increase spending on the aged , a smaller budget may be allocated for education , research and investment purposes .
Reduced spending on education can mean fewer educators and lowered standards of teaching , reduced spending on research can mean fewer incentives for researchers and for their research work and reduced spending on investments may mean less cooperation with international bodies .
Thus , a country 's budget can not be adjusted without much consideration and thought or it can cause instabilities to the supporting pillars of the country .
Monthly , a percentage of their salary will be deducted and credited into their CPF accounts . Employers are also required to credit an additional amount on top of the employee 's contribution .
With proper policies to help citizens save up , countries can not only find no need to increase their budget on the aged , they may also find themselves spending less which can also mean that more funds can be allocated to other areas of the country 's development .
For example the CPF scheme in Singapore states that the account holder must have a certain amount of money , which was saved up automatically since the start of his working years , before he can withdraw the entire amount at the maturity age .
If the account holder does not have a stable job , he will find that he has a hard time trying to reach the minimum amount thus also finding himself unable to use or even see his own savings physically .
Having the children support their own parents will mean less dependency on the government .
In view of the dramatic increase in national budget spent on the aged , some people suppose that the government should limit its expenditure on the aged so that money can be diverted to other areas of the country 's development .
One of the primary reasons why the government should not set limits on public spending on older people is the aim to create a higher quality of live for almost everyone .
A society is developed only if its citizens satisfy the minimum requirements of health , happiness , safety , prosperity , and fortunes .
And obviously , those of old age should also be provided services such as healthcare , insurance , housing...Thus , there is no reason for the government to eliminate its expenditure on this area while many people 's lives can be improved thanks to the support .
Another factor that policy makers should consider before deciding to set boundaries on public spending on the aged is issues related to moral standards whose decline has been witnessed in recent years in many countries .
Improved healthcare services , subsidies... not only aid the aged in poor financial situations or make their health better but also are the ways people express their respect to the older , which has positive impact on enhancing younger people 's treatment .
Last but not least , most elderly people after all have contributed to the development of the country during their young age through productive services as well as taxes .
The government should not consider the rising expenditure related to programs to support a growing elderly population without mentioning their contribution in the past .
When taking into account all the above factors , I can safely conclude that public spending on the aged should not be limited even though the amount of money can be used to invest on some areas like education , infrastructure and development projects .
Through current research and development , some of those problems have been eased significantly , providing a better aging experience .
In this essay , we will discuss how current research and development has helped to ease some of the issues raised by immobility , health conditions and resource management that the aged face .
While individual efforts can be done to prevent falls , many of the aged are not aware of such prevention measures or they are unable to seek help if they fall despite of such efforts .An article published by the American Academy of Family Physicians in April 2000 reported that falls caused 70 percent of accidental deaths in people aged 75 years and above .
Alerts can then be sent to family members who are not at home if the user is not within a designated area or have experienced a falling motion .
Heart attacks can be prevented if ACS is recognised but it is not the case unless the patient and the physician are both aware of the symptoms that surfaced .
Arrhythmia , which is the alterations in the heartbeat , has an increased chance to surface in an aged patient who survived a heart attack .
A growing number of families have faced a common problem in elderly care and that is resource management .
Resource management may comprise physical monitoring and medical records management .
A news article by Telegram & Gazette ( Worcester , MA ) in 2007 featured a lady who had not been properly taken care of , after the engagement of nursing services .
Research and development in Information Technology allowed resource management to be simplified .
If research and development ceased to exist , it would be much harder to take care of the elderly as the world 's aging population is expected to increase from now till 2050 .
Most developed countries are now confronted with more rapid aging in their population than the past .
As such , many countries have started research , new development and policies to help to ease the aging process .
I agree to a great extent that such research , new development and policies will help to ease the aging process and also prepare the country with their aging population .
Countries are able to use new policy of encouraging employment of the elderly , increasing the awareness of filial obligation or creating new development of infrastructures that cater to the elderly in their country .
Firstly , countries can help to ease the aging process by implementing a new policy of encouraging employment of the elderly .
The government can help to achieve this by increasing the retirement age , creating more benefits and lowering barriers to employment of the elderly .
This measure will help to ease the burden of the younger generation , allow the healthy elderly to still contribute to the society and at the same time help to generate more wealth for the elderly which they can use for themselves .
Although the retirement age is legislated at 60 , the government of Japan encourages the elderly to continue to work up the age of 65 .
Although some are prejudiced towards older workers due to their work efficiency and high salary cost , there are more benefits of employing them .
Therefore , implementing the new policy of encouraging employment of the elderly will help both economically and socially for countries with aging population .
It is the duty of the younger generations to display more filial piety towards their aged parents as they are the ones who took care of us during our growing up days .
A society in which the children will take care of their parents will help to ease the government spending on the aging and divert the spending on other areas of the country .
In the Asian culture and belief , it is the responsibility of the children to take care of their parents when they are financially stable .
In Asian countries such as Japan and South Korea , most of the elderly still live with their adult children and can even help to cook , do house work and take care of the grandchildren .
However , contrary to the beliefs in Asian society , it is viewed as " not cool " in the western society to be living with your elderly parents when you grow up .
Living with their elderly parents will not just limit their social life , but also causes their freedom to be taken away .
So , increasing the awareness of filial obligation will result in more children taking care of their elderly parents and help to ease the country 's aging process .
To prepare for the growing demands of an aging population , countries can build special infrastructure , such as hospitals or apartments to cater to the elderly .
This way , specialized and better care can be provided for the elderly .
An example will be Singapore , where the government is building new infrastructure to prepare for the growing demands of an aging population .
In conclusion , current research , development and policy have helped to ease the aging process and prepare a country in facing the demand of an aging population .
By creating the policy of encouraging employment for the elderly , the elderly in the society will be more independent and able to support themselves .
Increasing the awareness of filial obligation will result in more adult children living with and taking care of their elderly parents .
Finally , building new infrastructure that caters to the elderly will help a country prepare for the aging population .
So far there are many countries that have come up with many strategies to deal with the problem .
The growing number of aged people has brought with it many problems including greater pension pressure , increasing medical expenses , and the heavy burden of nursing care for the elderly and so on .
It also discourages the young people from working hard because they think they can depend on the society when they are old .
We should do both to deal with aging problem by making aging both more secure for older generations and less burdensome for younger generations .
The policy makers have found out many ways to ease the problem .
For example , the government encourages old people to continue to work , and the government encourages people to save for their old-age , and encourages young people to produce more and so on .
In this way , it can reduce the burden of the next generation and reduce the spending of the government .
For the society , it can support the old people by building charity .
Furthermore , it can help to distribute the property and decrease the gap between the rich and the poor .
Thus the government should decide on what is essential and should therefore be supported by the public sector , and what should be left to individuals .
Every country has its own features .
However , governments ' intervention often meant huge spending on medical resources and infrastructure for the elderly , which created many other economic problems such as hindrance to the nation 's economic progress .
Reducing funding on the elderly means that the government has more capital to spend on improving their economy .
On the other hand , critics of this notion have argued that with reduced government spending , less educated old folks and those who did not save enough would be at a severe disadvantage as compared to the rest of the population .
In the end , the main idea is that with more funds from the economic growth , governments can do so much more to help these elderly people .
Since a large amount of money is needed to support an ageing population , governments have to increase their own existing pool of resources in order to generate such amount of capital .
In the end , it is still very taxing on the working population , who now not only have to support themselves and their children , but also their parents as well .
Hence , governments should encourage their normal working population to bear the responsibility for taking care of their elderly parents , through social awareness campaigns .
Furthermore , new challenges and problems will arise in the future ; hence because of these two reasons , I feel that the government should not be too focused on the ageing population issue as there might be other more urgent issues that require their immediate attention in the future .
Instead of priming the spending on the aged as one of the key focus on our annual budgeting regularly , I strongly feel that the Singapore government should redefine its focus and divert its focus to other key areas such as military , urban development and education spending .
The adequate spending on the military aspect not only conveys a strong deterrence message to our potential aggressors , but will also instill confidence into our business partners .
The confidence that Singapore is well protected militarily ensures their continual long term presence and active involvement in shaping the country 's financial establishments .
In addition , many more foreign investors may be attracted to this safe haven with the aim of expanding their dynamic business empire .
Evidently , we can see how well it is to diversify our spending , rather than just allocating a lion 's share to cope with the aging problem solely .
Urban development in the sense of creating a better living environment for our fellow country mates .
Throughout the past two years in the national day rallies , Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong had reiterated the need to create a " work-live-play Singapore " .
Basically , the essence of that is to conceptualize a Singapore in which we can work , live and have fun .
Since the Prime Minister had already envisaged a need to create a better living environment for Singaporeans , why not we reduce the spending on the aged and invest it on realising this wonderful concept ?
Also , Spending on education should be put on the top of the government 's priorities list .
This is because unlike our neighbouring countries , which has abundant natural resources , we have only a form of natural resource , that is our people .
The Investments on our people will ensure the creation of competent personnel .
These competent people will not only ensure that we have a competitive edge over our competitors , but will also give our country a considerable leverage over our neighbouring countries .
Now , we can see in a better light how diverse spending can aid our country .
Although spending on the aged should be limited so that more money can be channelled for the county 's development , we should also make sure that a reasonable portion of the annual budget is set aside for them .
As the saying goes , " One must never forget the hands that feed them . " It is indeed this group of people that had fought hard to bring Singapore to its current reputable standing in the world .
Thus , needlessly to say , it is only conscionable to allocate a reasonable sum of money to ensure that their health and well being are well taken care of .
All in all , as long as we have a definitive balance on the spending on the aged , we can achieve both taking care of them and national development .
As long as their health and well being are taken care of , our priorities should be channelled to spending on other more relevant and crucial areas like military , urban development and education purposes .
As a result , this does not only aid in the nation 's continual progress , but will also enable us to create a competitive edge over our neighbouring countries and also build a strong presence in the financial sector in this region .
Nowadays , as the world population is gradually aging , the governments start to adopt a new policy on public spending .
" To some extent , I agree that we spend more money on education and environment since investing in the country 's development is also a way to invest for the elderly .
First of all , education should take a higher priority than life of the elderly as investing in education is the inevitable preparation for the next generation .
For example , many European countries such as Denmark , Sweden and Cyprus allocate nearly 7 % of their GDP for public investment in education .
As a result , this public investment enhances the intellectual standards of its people , and that leads to an increase in economics as people work more efficiently with knowledge .
Consequently , the government will have more money to provide better services for the elderly care .
After all , not only the young but the old people will also benefit from the investment in education .
Second , the government should also divert the money into the environment .
For example , this could help us to preserve many beautiful natural scenes , which attract many people and thus stimulate the country 's tourism .
According to a recent study done by the U.S National Institutes of Health ( NIH ) , environmental factors , as well as the genetic factor , contribute to the longevity and ability of avoiding severe diseases that come along with aging , such as cancer , stroke or high - pressure .
In other words , we need a policy so that money can be disbursed appropriately .
Firstly , investment for the elderly is an issue of morality .
It is much better to have a suitable and balanced money distribution of public investment between elderly care and other aspects .
Due to this situation , many countries have made huge amount of public spending on the aged in order to ease the various problems that came along with it .
However , I believe that instead of focusing so much on the aging issue , it is sometimes wiser for the government to divert the money to other areas of country 's development , which include education and military .
Adherents who starkly believe that public spending should be focused on the aged often claim that the elderly people are not financially protected once they are retired from their workplaces .
However , this would be tantamount to saying that the government is responsible for " feeding " the elderly people in the country once they are unable to get any income .
This could be a huge economic burden for countries like Japan , which has one of the highest aged populations in the world .
While in Italy , the government actually has spent a staggering 14.2 percent of the whole nation 's GDP on pension system .
Providing a better learning environment for the younger generation will yield a better workforce in future and thus bringing in more revenue for the government to spend on the elderly people .
Besides that , the burden to take care of the graying generation will also be shared by the children of the elderly people , who may be highly educated and therefore are able to find jobs easily to support their families .
Conversely , if the country were not knowledge- based , it could hardly make any economic progress , due to the lack of understanding of technology in development . Thus , this may lead to shortages in the government 's annual budget for the aged .
One typical example is the Singapore government spending 20 percent of the nation 's annual budget on the education system , which is one of the key factors that help the country to progress swiftly throughout the years .
Another reason why people support the idea of spending on the elderly people is that it 's a natural process for everyone to age .
However , all of them have glossed over the fact that this can only be done when we are assured of the security and safety of the whole nation in the first place .
One can imagine living in a country like Sri Lanka where people live in fear everyday because of the never ending wars between the local army and the Liberation Tigers of Tamil Elam .
It is apparent that we should not compromise on the military spending in our pursuit of a harmonious and stable society .
Therefore , it is clear that military development should be ranked at a higher priority when compared to spending on the aged .
However , this does not mean that we should forgo any spending on the elderly people .
Being the ones who have served the community for so many years , the elderly must be provided for .
All of these are done as a recognition of what they have contributed to the society over the years .
In conclusion , although it is indeed necessary for the government to take care of the elderly people , there are many other areas of development that should be looked into , such as education and military .
Without these developments , there 's no way we can ensure that the welfare of the graying generations will be met .
Based on the results of the 2006 Census of Population of Housing on 30 June 2008 , the number of people aged 65 years and over in Australia increased by 67,600 people , which represents a 2.4 % increase .
I feel that military and education should take priority over the needs of the elderly ; but measures should be put in place so that the elderly can take care of themselves .
One reason that public spending on the aged should be limited is that some of it can be diverted to develop the military .
Nowadays , crimes such as bombing or terrorism can be happened at anytime and anywhere .
According to the World Fact Book 2008 , published by the Central Intelligence Agency , military expenditures from all over the world have increased .
Being a small country with a small population , Singapore has limited manpower .
This is the reason why Singapore has to spend a big amount in the military sector . Singapore wants to improve its military defense .
Use another country ) That 's why some of the public spending should be diverted to the military sector .
Education is one thing that should be prioritized .
Education can prepare the younger generation to be more skilful and productive when they 're at the working-age .
Without a good education , one can not be as good at work .
[ 3 ] Manali Oak ( citation year ) ( who is he ?
) says : " Education is important as it teaches us the right behavior , the good manners thus making us civilized
) . He also says that " education is important because it equips us with all that is needed to make our dreams come true .
Education opens doors of brilliant career opportunities
" . Hence , some of the government public spending should be diverted for education purposes to prepare the younger generations for their future lives .
Critics of my position say that public spending on the aged should not be limited because we need to take into account what the aged have done .
If the government keeps giving the elderly money without any limit , there 's a possibility that the elderly would stop to work and depend on the government for living .
Thus , public spending on the aged should be maintained to prevent the elderly from becoming less independent .
To sum up , even though the aging issue is quite difficult to handle , public spending for the elderly should have a certain limitation .
Therefore , the elderly will be encouraged to be independent and self sufficient .
Other than that , some of the public spending should be allocated for education purposes and military defense .
( The United Nation , year
The magnitude of the issue on aging population is comparable to issues such as global warming .
At the same time , problems related to aging population have arisen and more will start to surface as time passes and this has raised certain concerns for the world .
In order to tackle the issues that are resulted from aging populations , many researches and studies have been done .
The developments of current researches , especially in the field of science and technology have benefitted the older population greatly .
Hence , I agree to a large extent that research and development has helped to ease the aging process by improving the mobility of the elderly and their health conditions .
Firstly , science and technology have helped to improve the mobility of the elderly through the inventions of various equipment that aid in their movements .
As people aged , their health conditions will not be as good as before .
For example , their limbs will get weaker , and as a result , this will impede their mobility as they are not as agile and strong as before .
Thus , science and technology has come up with improved version of equipment that aid the movements of the elderly .
Most of the time , the elderly need someone to push them around as their arms are not strong enough to push the wheels of the wheelchairs .
As electric wheelchairs are operated using electrical , the elderly can move around on their own easily without relying on others .
Furthermore , there are many elegant designs for the wheelchairs .
For example , the wheelchairs are made of lighter and durable materials , such as aluminum .
Nowadays , the elderly can have their wheelchairs custom-made .
For example , the elderly may choose the colours and designs of their wheelchairs .
Thus , this would enable the elderly to accept using the wheelchair when they need one .
Therefore , science and technology has eased the aging process .
In addition , science and technology has helped to improve the health condition of the elderly .
As one aged , their immune and functional systems will not be as strong as before .
As a result , the elderly are prone to many illnesses and physical problems , such as deafness , blindness and Alzheimer 's disease .
Research has shown that in Singapore , there are 220,000 people who have cataract and they are aged 65 years and above . They make up about 7 % of the population .
By 2030 , it will be about 18 % and this is the consequence of a rapidly ageing population .
However , with the help of science and technology , treatments for cataract are more accessible to the elderly and more manageable in terms of cost and risk .
For instance , the use of ultrasound vibration to remove cataracts through a small incision results in faster visual recovery after surgery .
This would result in less toll on the elderly as the wound is smaller and thus able to heal faster .
Hence , advancement in technology has increased the efficiency of operations , and thus , easing the aging process .
Among the different age groups , the elderly population is at the highest risk for adverse events , such as falling down at home .
Even a slight fall might result in dire consequences if they are not treated immediately .
Thus , modern technology has come up with many innovations to prevent some possible hazards faced by the elderly .
For example , an alarm system at home will alert the emergency department and their family members when the elderly needs help .
This alarm system is useful for an elderly who has met with any mishap at home and when no one is around to assist him or her .
As the alarm system is directly connected to the relevant contacts , a press of button by the elderly would immediately transmit signal for help .
Critics argue that what the elderly need most is the mental support provided by their families .
Firstly , with the help of modern technology , the elderly would still be independent , due to the inventions such as electric wheelchair .
This would reduce the reliance of the elderly on their families , and thus help to relieve the burden on their family members as they do not have to constantly attend to the needs of the elderly .
Although the elderly might be physically weak , they do not have to rely on others and can still be independent and continue to lead a normal life as before .
This would indirectly lead to a healthy mindset as the elderly do not feel that they are a burden to their families .
Also , with the help of modern technology , this would ease the workload of families taking care of the elderly .
Therefore , they will have more time and energy to care for the elderly .
In a nutshell , science and technology has eased the aging process to a large extent by improving the mobility of the elderly , such as providing better medical treatment for the elderly .
With the help of science and technology , the elderly will face fewer difficulties . They will reduce their reliance on families and have a better time in coping with the transitional phase of their lives .
Thus , they will enjoy their golden age .
Research shows that " The number of persons above 60 years or over is likely to triple , increasing from 673 million in 2005 to 2 billion by 2050 " ( citation ) .
Everybody will get old eventually and when we grow older , we may suffer from some organ or mental decline .
However , technology has helped us to slow down these aging processes in many creative ways .
" Visual disorders and diseases increase dramatically as we age " ( citation ) . Research shows that " one in six adults aged 45 reported some type of vision impairment " ( citation ) .
These vision impairments often cause troubles in people 's daily lives .
However , technology has implemented various innovative solutions to help people solve these problems and many users find them very useful in their lives .
It is so light and handy that users can put it into their pockets and take it along with them wherever they go .
Some other smart products that I would like to mention here are the " Tek Partner TV Partner Remote " and " Accenda Voice Activated " .
The former remote controller has larger buttons and the words on it are printed in bigger fonts than the usual ones .
The latter is more straight forward .
It does n't even require the user to press any button .
To activate it , one simply gives it a voice command .
After using it for a few months , her mum found it very useful and gave a good feedback on it ( author , year ) .
Hearing loss is probably another common disease which can be found among the elderly .
Reasons that led to hearing loss vary ; they could be " birth-related " , or because of infections , injuries , and being exposed frequently to loud noises for a long period of time .
Once an old person catches such diseases , or her life would turn out to be very inconvenient .
However , engineers can create diverse tools using technologies to help the old in their daily lives .
One significant problem occurs when they need to make a phone call .
In fact , some research show that many old people with hearing difficulties do not use the phone at all because they are not able to hear clearly .
Thus , companies such as " Clarity " , implemented the " Ameriphone amplified cordless phone " .
Its most important feature is to make " sounds much louder , clearer and easier to understand .
A bed shaker can be designed to work with the telephone to provide alert .
It can be placed not only under the pillow , but also under the cushion ; and it can be portable .
Elizabeth A.Smith who is 75-year-old and deaf in one ear said that the " Bed Shaker " had provided a lot of convenience to her as she is a deep sleeper .
A " Doorbell Signaler " uses sound and light system to alert the user when there is a visitor .
It can be installed at any location in the house , so that old people can see it easily .
Technologies can also be applied to prevent senile dementia among the elderly .
One of the most innovative ideas is to create special video games for the old people .
As we all know , our brains need constant stimulations to remain active .
A study done by psychologist and neuroscientist Helena Westerberg ( citation ) shows that older adults with an average age of 65 are able to " reach the same level of working memory " as younger adults with an average age of 25 , after they have been through a series of memory training on computer for 5 weeks ( citation ) . This inspires game-developing companies to design videos games for the elderly .
Millions of people aged over 45 years old believe that taking up brain training through video games are the secret to a happy and healthy old age ( citation ) .
" In other words , playing games like Wii regularly is likely to help the elderly retain their abilities to do multiple tasks , exercise their brains and boost their thinking .
Global aging has become a worldwide issue that many developing and developed countries are facing , or probably will face in the future .
However , we should always believe that technology will help to ease the aging process and , eventually lighten the burden on the state .
This phenomenon is most obvious in Japan , where 22 percent of its population is aged 65 and older .
Hence , aging has becoming a popular issue that everyone is concerned about today .
Some of the common aging effects include changes in sensory , perceptual , motor and cognitive functions .
The current state of science and technology is able to diminish aging effect of the aging population and enhance their living so that they can enjoy their twilight years .
It is undeniable that being healthy and looking young are the common dreams of many elderly .
With the advancement of science and technology , this dream can be brought much closer to reality .
Firstly , common aging effects such as wrinkles , hair loss and weight issues can be countered to a certain level with the current state of technology .
This can be done by either plastic surgery or manipulation of hormones . This is because hormone levels have influence over metabolism levels , which in turn influence the effects of aging .
For instance , a new wrinkle reducer named Dysport works the same way as Botox in relaxing the facial muscles that caused wrinkles .
Scientific research can be made to deliver solution as well as alternatives to ease the aging process .
For example , studies have shown that just as a child 's nutritional requirements differ in quantity and quality from an adult 's , the nutritional needs of the elderly also differ from the younger adults .
Therefore , Dr. Robert M. Russell , a professor of medicine and nutrition at Tufts University in Boston and his colleagues at the Department of Agriculture 's Human Nutrition Research Center on Aging at Tufts , Dr. Alice Lichtenstein and Helen Rasmussen , have developed a revised food guide pyramid for Americans over 70 .
If the elderly followed the the new food pyramid , they could get healthier .
To sum up,being healthy and looking young are important to the elderly because this is how they can live with confidence and satisfaction .
Technology can provide a means for the elderly to have a more enjoyable life .
Their free time can be better spent in a meaningful way .
This is unlike the 1970s when old people normally led a monotonous life , such as listening to the radio or reading the newspapers to kill their time .
Today , with many technological inventions such as television , gaming consoles , and karaoke becoming widely available , the elderly have a wider range of options for entertainment .
Moreover , they are more willing to spend money on these devices because they attract their relatives to visit them .
Secondly , the elderly can now expand their social networks beyond the neighborhood by means of using the internet , which is a fruit of technology .
They are no more confined to the area around their houses , but are able to venture into the outside world .
In America , statistics ( citation ) has indicated that 45 % of the senior citizens aged 70-75 are now online , meaning that the internet has become a channel for the elderly to connect to the outside world .
In addition , they enjoy mixing with other people , especially with the youngsters via virtual communities such as facebook , flikr , and Del.icio.us .
Therefore , their lives will not be boring because they can make friends on the internet .
The advancement of technology also enables the elderly to be more independent and perform activities that they like .
This is unlike the past when they are considered a burden to the family because of the considerable amount of effort needed to look after them .
Firstly , with the aid of technology , senior citizens can enjoy more mobility , and they can go wherever they like .
They are no longer confined in the house by their family , who may want to ensure their safety .
With a handheld device like a mobile phone with the integrated Global Positioning System ( GPS ) feature , they are less likely to get lost in the cities .
There are cars designed for the wheelchair-bound or those with difficulty walking , like the Toyota Motor Corp. 's Welcab series .
Secondly , the elderly can look after themselves or even take care of the household chores .
In Japan , where 22 percent of its population are aged 65 and older , a care-technology market has emerged and it is worth $ 1.08 billion in 2006 ( citation ) .
One example is the " muscle suits " developed by the Tokyo University of Science , which keeps the elderly active by providing support for the upper body , arms , and shoulders .
This eliminates the needs for maids or family members to look after the elderly and monitor their every single movement , which in turn spare some dignity for the elderly .
Clearly , the aging process can be eased by current research and development .
Negative effects of aging can be diminished to a large extent with the help of science and technology .
It is possible that in future , aging effects can be diminished to so low a level that the elderly could enjoy healthy and fulfilling lives into their twilight years , without being a heavy burden on their children and grandchildren .
Nowadays , many countries are facing the problem of a fast aging population .
As a result , public spending on the aged will increase and eat into the spending of other areas of a country 's development .
However this does not solve the aging issue in the long run and in fact it will hinder the progress of a country .
Therefore , for a developed or developing country , public spending on the aged should be limited , and diverted to other areas of development .
The most important area should be education , as education helps people to acquire the necessary skills needed for work .
For example , Singapore , at the beginning of nation building , viewed education as one of the priorities . This not only increases the level of skills of the workforce , but also brings women into it .
Furthermore , education also helps the aged to acquire new skills which enable them to work even at old age .
Another important area would be the environment .
Earth 's average temperature has increased dramatically over the past few years and this results in an increase in the public 's awareness awareness of global warning .
Building a greener environment to protect our planet becomes the objective of many countires .
In the long run , it will not only benefit the current population but also the future one .
For example , Iceland has replaced its energy sources from coal and oil to geothermal and hydropower for decades .
This has helped to eliminate the amount of greenhouse gas emission and hence reduced air pollution to the environment .
As a result , their citizens are able to enjoy fresher air , which means that they will be healthier at old age .
The last area that this essay is going to cover is the military development of a country .
With increasing terrorist activities around the globe , the ability to keep a country safe and stable has become an important issue .
Conversely , stability and security will be jeopardised without economic development .
By achieving security and economic stability , a country will be able to exist .
For example , Singapore has always believed that National Service is important in keeping the country safe .
It protects our country from external threats and brings foreign investment into our country .
Only then will Singapore be the safe for everyone to live in .
In conclusion , public spending on the aged will only benefit a minor group of people and slows down the country 's progression .
Therefore , in order to benefit everyone in the country , there is a need to divert the money into other areas for the country 's development .
A report from the United Nations predicts that there will be an increase in the proportion people over 60 years old from 10 per cent in 2000 to 21 per cent in 2050 .
Accompanied by the decline in the proportion of the young , by 2050 , the number of older persons in the world will exceed the number of young for the first time in history by 2050 ( author , year ) .
This trend is largely irreversible and is presenting countries with opportunities and challenges . Every country needs
Fortunately , many advanced policies and technologies are now helping the elderly to ease the aging process and to become a useful workforce for society .
The increasing population of the elderly has a significant impact on economic growth , investment and consumption .
However , many countries are on the right track in dealing with the problem , by adopting some schemes like pension plans .
For example , almost all the old people in Canada are receiving income from Canada 's public pensions --- the Canada Pension Plan ( CPP ) and Old Age Security ( OAS ) .
Together , the CPP and OAS provide a modest base upon which Canadians can build their retirement income ( author , year ) .
Another example is Great Britain 's new strategy , " Building A Society For All Ages " which extended the retirement age to beyond 65 .
Minister for Pensions and the Ageing Society Angela Eagle said that this new policy will help old people to save enough money for their retirement ( author , year ) .
This policy will give older people a chance to work longer and contribute to the society .
The healthcare systems are improving to meet the need of the elderly .
Statistics from The Center for Disease Control ( USA ) shows that " 88 % of those over 65 years of age have at least one chronic health condition ; nearly 40 % of deaths in America can be attributed to smoking , physical inactivity , poor diet , or alcohol misuse ; and almost 20 % of older Americans suffer from a mental disorder that is NOT part of normal aging
" ( author , year ) . Long-term healthcare has become a vital need for old people .
Many counties are paying more and more attention to the healthcare system as the proportion of the old population increases .
For example , the United States spends more money on heath care than any other nation in the world . It spends approximately 15.3 % of GDP and the spending is expected to reach 19.5 % of GDP by 2017 ( author , year ) .
About 97 % of older American are benefiting from healthcare system through health insurance like Medicare ( citation ) .
Being covered by healthcare insurance has become critical for old people , especially those with disabilities and chronic illness associated with aging .
Many People suffer from sensory impairment as they grow older . For instance , 28 % of people aged 65 and above have difficulties with their eyesight , 55 % of people aged 60 and above are deaf or hard of hearing ( author , year ) .
Nowadays , these problems can be solved with just some small devices .
For example , devices like hearing aids are a solution for the elderly with hearing loss problem .
It can be really small to be noticed .
Another useful device for old people suffering from vision problem is PocketViewer .
The PocketViewer is a portable solution for older people to read , write and see and it uses a miniature video camera to transfer and enlarge the text and images from a page to the screen ( author , year ) .
Many others devices are now also helping the elderly to lead better lifes .
The consequences of an aging population present both opportunities and challenges for all nations .
Many nations are achieving successes to help the elderly to become a useful part of society .
There is an observation made by Morrow Bourne : " Age is a prison from which we can not escape " .
Indeed , aging is a natural process that everyone will experience .
Due to the effects of aging , some people may suffer from .
As people are a country 's most precious resource , the government should help its people when they are suffering from ageing problems .
In recent decades , many countries have invested a certain amount of money in areas such as science and technology , to develop new products such as iShoe and big button TV remote control that would help the elderly .
With the help of technology , scientists have created an intelligent system that helped the elderly to remember everyday tasks .
( 1 ) CITATION AnI091 \ l 1033 ( An Intelligent System Helps Elderly Or Memory-impaired To Remember Everyday Tasks , 2009 ) . " Research has shown that aging may affect memory , changing the way the brain stores information and making it harder to recall stored information
" ( Memory Loss With Aging ) . Consequently , older people will forget things more easily .
For instance , some of the elderly may be unable to recall some daily activities such as taking medicine , bringinalong with them their cell phones or keys when they are leaving the house .
to solve these problems , a team of researchers have created a system that ususes sensors to identify human actions and mobile devices to remind the elderly to perform daily activities .
( 3 ) CITATION AnI091 \ l 1033 ( An Intelligent System Helps Elderly Or Memory-impaired To Remember Everyday Tasks , 2009 ) . As a result , they are able to carry out their everyday tasks as usual .
One of the graduate students from Harvard-MIT Division of Health Sciences and Technology has developed an iShoe that prevents the elderly from falling .
( 4 ) CITATION DAV08 \ l 1033 ( HO , 2008 ) . The iShoe contains a device that measures and records human movements .
In addition , it helps to stimulate the feet and alert the elderly when they lose their balance .
Using these data , the elderly can look for a doctor for early diagnosis .
Therefore , their balance can be improved and they are able to lead a better life .
Tek Partner , has invented a big button TV remote control to help elderly who have visual problems .
( 5 ) CITATION Agi1 \ l 1033 ( Aging and Technology Research , 2005 ) . Research has shown that older people will experience some common visual problems such as tearing , floaters and glare .
( 6 ) CITATION Agi \ l 1033 ( Aging and Technology Research , 2005 ) . Consequently , they are unable to focus and see objects clearly .
With large size of buttons , older people are able to see and operate the control without any help .
To conclude , science and technology have help in developing products to ease the aging process .
iShoe , is another product that is developed using science and technology to prevent the elderly from falling down .
It helps to monitor human movements and provides a warning if any balancing problem is found .
As a result , the elderly can improve their balance by approaching the balancing specialist earlier .
Lastly , a big button TV remote control is created to help seniors who are unable to see certain images clearly .
With the help from the control , they are able to operate the television , VCD and DVD player independently .
In conclusion , the elderly are able to lead a better life with the help of all these products .
For the past 44 years , Singapore has made drastic changes to the layout of our buildings and many of these commanding buildings symbolize our country 's success .
For instance , the unique " durian " appearance of the Esplanade gives our small city a distinct sky-line and becomes one of the main tourist attractions in Singapore .
However , Singapore is facing a rapidly ageing population with a rise in median age from 20 in 1970 to 37 in 2009 ; there is a need to improvise our buildings ' architecture using current technology to ease the aging process .
Government spending on investment in architectures for the aged has increased tremendously over the , so as to build a friendly environment for elderly to live .
A good example is the LUP ( Lift Upgrading Program ) , which ensurensures that all apartment blocks , including the older buildings built before 1990 , will have lift access to all storeys by year 2014.In the past , this project is not feasible due to the high costs involved .
Nonetheless , with our present advanced architecture technology and economic status , lifestyle for the elderly can be improved to a large extent .
To ease the aging process , it is of utmost importance to build a safe environment for the elderly .
In the past , many interior and exterior safety precautions of architectures are being neglected , which resulted in the elderly suffering from injuries at home and in the outdoors .
Falls are potential threats to all elderly in the age group of 55to74 years and 58 % of deaths are caused by accidental falls .
Another potential danger is open drains in the walkway that elderly might fall into and injure themselves .
The aged are weak physically and they usually have difficulties in maintaining their balance on both legs , and needless to say , these poor architectural designs further escalate the danger .
In recent years , modifications in architectures have been made to ensure the safety of the elderly .
For instance , the government has come up with the EUP ( Estate Upgrading Program ) , in conjunction with the policy of " ageing in place " in revamping the estates , such as introducing the use of drain covers , non-slip flooring finishing , and corridor railings .
These enhancements in estate architectures to improve the safety of the elderly are fully subsidized by the government .
It is also significant to create a barrier-free environment for the increasing ageing population in Singapore .
The elderly with crutches have difficulties climbing up and the stairs ; therefore , it is impossible for the wheelchair bound elderly to move out from their houses .
Obstruction-free walkways are built to connect various districts within the neighborhood .
Accessibility to all the facilities in the neighborhoods is enhanced with the distribution of ramps throughout the vicinity . The elderly and the disabled could move around comfortably because the gradient of the ramps is design in such a way that even without the help of a second party , elderly will also be able to move up and down freely .
At block level , lifts are improvised to stop at every storey and additional features such as the widening of the lift door for wheelchairs and the lowering of handrail bars for the elderly to grip on for support are included .
These architecture advancements are frameworks of the 5-years Barrier-Free Accessibility ( BFA ) Upgrading Program . The BCA ( full name of BCA ) invested $ 40 million of Accessibility Fund into this program in 2007 .
It aimed to transform Singapore into an elderly friendly and barrier-free environment for the elderly in the near future .
Improvements in the architecture of the external environment are essential in boosting the physical and mental development of the elderly .
Elderly who are prone to illnesses need sensory stimulation and exercises to maximize their mobility .
A study has shown that outdoor parks and regular exercises have therapeutic effects on the elderly in improving their health and wellness , as well as increasing their muscle strength and stimulating their spiritual developments .
Within housing estates , elderly wellness stations and community gardens are built under the MUP ( Main Upgrading Program ) to promote healthy living among elderly residents .
There is a wide variety of exercise equipment at the elderly wellness station and pebble walks are also available .
Since elderly have brittle bones , more resting areas with lower benches have also been built to cater to their needs .
These recreational outdoor facilities are being built extensively to create a better living environment for the ageing population .
" Old age is n't so bad when you consider the alternative " , said Maurice Chevalier ( citation ) .
Indeed , we are actively implementing various architectural developments and policies to meet the special needs of the aged .
To raise awareness of the importance of " shaping a safe , sustainable and friendly environment " ( citation ) for people of all ages , a BCA Universal Design Award was introduced in 2007 to promote barrier-free accessibility in our environments .
With these improvements , we are one step closer in building a totally barrier-free healthy environment where the elderly can travel around freely and safely in absolute comfort .
According to the U.S. Census Bureau , the average rate of people turning 65 years old in 2000 was 795,000 each month .
In 2008 , the figure increased to an average of 870,000 monthly .
This rate has increased by 9 % in just a short period of 8 years and is expected to rise at a higher rate as the first group of baby boomers who were born between 1946 to 1966 moved into the category of elderly in two years ' time .
As humans age , their five senses deteriorate gradually .
Among the five senses , the common deterioration are those of vision and hearing .
Hence , recent technological inventions , such as assistive technologies for sight or hearing can in fact ease the elderly in their aging process , making their aging symptoms more manageable .
Vision problems such as presbyopia ( a condition whereby the ability to focus and see objects that are near is impaired ) , and cataracts ( a condition whereby the vision is affected by the clouding of the lens in the eyes ) are common among aging people .
Firstly , the development of lens optics improved greatly after the first wearable glasses were introduced by Salvino D'Armate in 1284 .
The improvement in lens development has allowed presbyopia , as well as myopia ( near-sightedness ) and hyperopia ( far- sightedness ) , to be corrected using spectacles equipped with convex lens . This in turn assists the elderly to see better while reading or doing tasks which required close focus .
For elderly with both presbyopia and myopia or both presbyopia and hyperopia , recent improvements in lens optics have resulted in the creation of bifocals lens ( convex and concave lens combined into a single lens ) , which allow the elderly to have both their presbyopia and myopia or both their presbyopia and hyperopia corrected .
Secondly , with vision- assisting technology such as PocketViewer , the elderly can capture an image of any item or text they wish to magnify .
Lastly , for elderly who have serious vision problems like near-blindness or blindness , there are softwares like Talking Cellphone Accessibility 2 with voice-activated commands to allow even people who are completely blind to use a mobile phone 8 .
Hence , the vision sight assistive or replacement technologies help the elderly to see better and do simple tasks .
Hearing loss related to aging is nerve- related , and it is caused by damage to the inner ear .
Without being able to hear clearly , the elderly can not hear emergency horns when they are crossing the road and they can not enjoy simple pleasures like watching the television .
Moreover , it would be difficult for them to communicate with their loved ones .
However , hearing loss can be helped using hearing aids , which are readily available in the market .
There are many kinds of hearing aids such as behind-the-ear or in-the-ear type , as well as bigger models such as the walkman look-alike type that are hung around the waist .
As technologies advance , hearing aids are getting smaller , to the extent that it can be hidden in the ear canal . This allows the elderly to use an inside the ear-canal- type if they felt conscious of the hearing aids .
For example , Sonic Listener is a type of wired amplifier that is to be hung around the waist with the ear phone connected directly to the amplifier .
Also , if wireless is preferred , there is also the TV headset which can also be used as a hearing aid .
Moreover , there are also other devices that do not amplify sounds but rather make use of other senses such as touch and sight .
One such example is the Bed Shaker , which vibrates when the phone rings or when the alarm sounds , which can be used under the pillow when sleeping 11 .
Another example is the Doorbell Signaler which flashes light from the device when the doorbell is being pressed 12 .
Thus , even with hearing problems , the elderly can still make use of the available hearing assistive technology to help them in their daily tasks .
There are also times when technologies create troubles for the elderly .
However , it would be very difficult for the elderly to learn how to use new devices without the from others .
In addition , working elderly are also being easily replaced machines that can do menial jobs like cleaning .
One such example is the Eurolab Auto Vacuum Intelligent Cleaner which has wall sensors and can be controlled from a distance .
Employers may be tempted to replace the elderly floor cleaner who may be slow in cleaning .
Therefore , not every product that is being invented would help the elderly in the aging process .
In sum , with the help of advanced technologies , the elderly can counter their sight and hearing loss and live independently .
This would help the elderly to feel less depressed and frustrated .
With the advancement of Information Technology , many devices have been developed to help the aged , especially those with healthcare problems and are home-bound or have difficulties moving about , .
Hence , I agree with the statement to a large extent .
Developments in Information Technology help to monitor the health conditions of the aged without having them them leaving their homes .
For instance , the Visiting Nurse Services of the Northwest , a homecare organization in Spain , allows patients to monitor their vital symptoms and send these data back to the nursing home over phone line or satellite . The nurse working in the homecare organization would review the information and call the patient to tell them about their conditions .
Monitoring programs that make use of technology like the one used by the Visiting Nurse Services of the Northwest ease the burden of the elderly having to go to the clinic and also save the trouble for the aged to go through the procedure of medical examination .
In addition , there is a computer program in the US called The Technology Coach that helps the aged to simplify the complex procedure on checking their vital symptoms , such as taking measurement of the glucose level on a step-by-step basis .
The Technology Coach can even identify errors during the procedure and notify them on their mistakes .
Besides monitoring programs , there are also devices that helped the aged to remember things as their memory may deteriorate with old age .
This is a computer program that will remind the elderly of the time to take their medicine , and the type of medicine to take .
If the aged has taken the medication , it will be shown visually on the computer screen . The data will be recorded in the history logbook of the computer .
This is a very useful tool for the aged , whose memory have deteriorated because of old age .
With the computer and the Internet being readily available , the elderly can communicate with their families at anytime and anywhere in the comfort of their homes .
The aged who have their family members worked overseas can communicate with them using web camera .
There is also the Internet chatting system like Windows Live Messenger that allowed them to communicate with their families and friends at anytime .
There are also " video chats " , " forums " and " weblogs " to allow them to make friends with other aging people and to express and voice their opinions .
The Internet also allows the aged to obtain and learn about information at their preferred pace .
Thus , with Information Technology , the aged no longer would to be lonely even when they are homebound .
According to an interview with Leonid A. Gavrilov , Ph.D for the Journal of Anti-Aging Medicine ( ) , the aging process is defined as " any process , which contributes to age-related decline in performance , productivity and health . '
Over the years , research and development specifically in the field of technology has made significant contributions to address this process of increased inconvenience .
Although critics of this position point out that technology is still short of significantly slowing aging , current research and development has to a large extent eased this process and made life easier through the introduction of technological inventions .
While an older person might have " some difficulty with short-term ( working ) memory " as cited by James Pirkly , " long-term memory generally remains sound .
" Also , although technology itself is complex in nature , there are technological inventions tailored for the older people and we will take a look at two of this technology .
Firstly , the current technology of mobile phones and personal device assistance ( PDA ) has in a lot of aspects contributed in addressing issues arising from health and decrease performance in terms of mobility .
This ensures that the elderly are attended to when they are alone at home and suffer a fall or have any other injuries that need attention .
Secondly , the technological invention of Med-eMonitor , a device helps the old to differentiate the various prescription drugs and when exactly to take it .
The 2 types of that are mentioned in this essay are amongst many that facilitate the old in handling age-related decline in health , performance and productivity .
Aging issue has been a very serious problem that most of the countries , especially developed countries , are now facing .
It is expected that in future , this issue will be more severe .
To minimize the impact of it , a few suggestions have been proposed . They are increasing money spent on the elderly ; cut benefits ; or cut other government spending .
From these solutions proposed , it is very obvious that money spent on the elderly currently is predicted to be sufficient to cover their needs anymore .
By limiting the money spent on this group of people , it means that lesser amount of money will be used to share among those who depend on the public spending to live .
This shows that the suggestion is not going to work as it will cause problems for the elderly who depend on public s. At the same time it not help to solve aging issues .
Besides , there is other option available other than cutting the spending on the elderly in order to have more money for other developments .
They think that this will become a financial burden for the young generation and working adults , who will be contributing to the public spending .
It is normal that tax-payers are very concerned on how policy makers make decisions on how their hard earned money is pent and whether the policy makers are making full use of the money .
Hence , more and more people are suggesting diverting the money to other areas of development , which they think is beneficial to them as compared to spending on the aged .
But , this is definitely not a good suggestion because I believe that the government should always put their people as the first priority when making decisions .
If they were to ignore the needs of the elderly and focus on the development , it will obviously bring more social problems to the society .
They usually have low income level or are below poverty level .
I believe this is one of the reasons why most of the refuse to see a doctor and accept medical treatment when they are ill because they think that it is a waste of money .
Without the help from public spending , they might face financial problems in order to maintain their living and health condition .
Illnesses and various diseases always seems to attack the old people as this group of people are weaker compared to other age groups .
Other than cutting the spending on the elderly , there are other ways divert more money for other development plans .
As for the United States government , they divide the spending to five sectors , which are pension , health , education , welfare and defence .
Due to falling birthrates , I believe it is possible to reduce public spending on education .
Low birthrate means that there are lesser students in future , and also , parents to kids ' ratio will be higher . These two factors will be two very good reasons to cut down spending on the education sector .
From the all the reasons mentioned above , it is very clear that cutting down public spending for the old age is not a good choice in order to divert the money for the areas of development .
In order to have more money for other areas of development , one of the ways is to reduce other sectors of public spending such as education , for example .
So , the suggestion to cut down spending for the old age people is not a good solution to use the money for other areas of development .
Global aging is also known as demographic . Population aging has become a typical issue these days .
.
The economy growth of the country will be affected when there are less people who contribute to the country .
Firstly , the elderly are encouraged to work for longer periods
Social policies , practices and attitudes discourage working at an older age because the retirement for the elderly will be costly for firms .
By having less restriction from the company , the elderly will also easily suit the job scope .
The " Age-friendly " policy of setting wages and employment practices has ensured that the employers have strong incentives to hire and retain old workers .
Moreover , the amount of government incentives , for example the Central Providence Fund Board ( CPF ) in Singapore will be enough for them to live independently after the retirement .
By having this policy , older workers have become people who contribute to the society and not a a burden of country .
.
On the other hand , the government has begun to provide a subsidy of $ 100 for employed mothers when their 3th preschool children is placed in approved full day child care centers .
The " three , if you can afford it " policy has increased the total population of Singapore citizens and has allowed the population of the country to younger .
On the other hand , in eastern countries the grown children , who started working in the society have to take care of their parents .
Most of them have a mindset that it is a must to give back the things that their parents sacrificed for them .
These circumstances cause the long-term care costs provided by the western government increase sharply . To overcome this situation western countries such as the United States have to learn from Asian countries like Japan and China where this 'moral responsibility ' as well the fact that the elderly still stay with their grown are still being practised. .
In the long term , the increase of the aging population will lower the Gross Domestic Product ( GDP ) of the country .
The government has to take this issue seriously before it affects the eeconomic growth of the country .
Before the leaders take effective action , .
They must realize .
For instance , The United State of America
The government has to be concerned about this issue , so that htis will not impact the future .
The population in Singapore is aging rapidly .
According to a report on aging population by Committee on Ageing , the number of residents aged 65 years or older will increase from 300,000 to 900,000 by the year 2030
( Balaji , 1999 . It is expected for the aging population to continue increasing for the next few years .
Since the government introduced the campaign " Stop at 2 " to control the high birth rate , it was too successful that the population decreased due to the overwhelming positive responses by the citizens . This has led to more and more elderly living in this society .
Thus , I agree to a large extent that the " policies have helped to ease the aging process .
Different types of policies have been introduced to improve the welfare of the elderly so that they are able to benefit from it .
One of the policies that has been introduced is the housing policies such as lift upgrading , elderly fitness corner and studio apartments .
Firstly , the government has implemented the lift upgrading program to build new lifts in housing blocks which have direct access to every floor to cater to the elderly residents who have painful legs and who are wheelchair bound .
According to Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong s the old lifts have been replaced with the new lifts which previously only stopped at every third or fourth floor
( Lee , 2009 . With the newly upgraded lifts , more convenience to the elderly is provided
Secondly , elderly fitness corners are built to cater to the elderly to exercise more in order to lead a healthy lifestyle .
They are strongly encouraged to use the facilities at the fitness corners to do a light workout to improve their health conditions .
Having regular exercises helps to prevent any chronic diseases such as high blood pressure and heart disease from attacking the elderly
( , 2009 . Besides exercising , the elderly are also able to interact with their , thus widening their social network .
Through a healthy and active lifestyle the elderly are able to live longer and stay free from illness
( Balaji , 1999 . With that , they are able to return to work and continue to contribute to the society .
Thus , not only do the elderly benefit from it , the country 's economic growth may also benefit since they have valuable experiences in the industry .
Thirdly , studio apartments are being built to meet the elderly residents needs .
These apartments are customized with safety features such as non-slip titles which prevent them from falling , level flooring which makes the floor even to accommodate elderly who are wheelchair bound and support hand bars for them to hold on to
( , 2007 ) Therefore , the elderly are able to enjoy the benefits that are given to them .
If the society is well-prepared , the younger generation does not have to worry about their own welfare when they turn old .
Besides that , not all children have the ability to support their parents as they might be facing financial problems and hence are unable to take good care of them .
Therefore the elderly need the government 's help to meet their physical needs .
In conclusion , it is important for the society to be well-prepared for the aging process so that they are able to tackle the issues of aging population that the country will encounter in the future .
Most importantly , by implementing the different types of policies , it has indeed helped the elderly to meet their . The elderly able to engage in a socially active lifestyle .
Indeed , the aged were once the main human resource that contributed greatly to the development of the country and thus deserve the welfare of getting public spending , as a token of gratitude .
For example , according to the Singapore budget report of 2009 , the payout for the Senior Citizen Bonus is at least SD $ 73400000.00 for that year .
This figure has not included the other programmes that are proposed for the senior citizens .
As the source of money for the government is mainly the tax payers , this figure translates as a burden on these contributing citizens .
If this trend does not change in the next few years , the average citizens would have to pay more , in order to enable the government to use the money for the aged ones .
In other words , the income that they earned would be constantly reduced .
This may result in the feeling of indignation in the tax-payers towards the ruling government - which is not an advantageous condition for the further growth of the country .
Moreover , the over-emphasis in aiding the elders for their sunset years may cause the insufficiency of financial resource in the other parts of the country .
As all areas in a country are equivalently important , such as in terms of the development of the , the happiness index of people , or even for a higher living standard of life .
If the situation persists for a long term , it will do harm to the nation and may shake the public trust in the government .
A well-developed country may indirectly even lose competency with the other countries . Especially in , agriculture where small middle enterprises depend on the government funding .
For those developing countries , this will affect the effort of the government and the private sectors in the growth of the nation .
When the government takes a great share of the duty to care for the elders , most of their adult children tend to shift their own filial piety .
These adults usually see their parents as a burden , feeling no gratitude to their teachings , their contribution and , last , but not least , their needs and feelings .
As the government introduces programmes for eldercare , they will happily leave the problem to the government .
The government has proposed bonuses and allowances for the parents . Some of the programmes have even distributed the aid monthly !
Hence , public funding may indirectly relate with the rising case of abandoned parents at the old folks ' . F these parents , all the funding seems to have lost its values , if they have lost their connection with their beloved family .
In fact , public funding for the welfare of the aged is still needed in some ways , but it is so crucial until it should comprise such a huge section of the government spending .
Besides that , most of the elders do have their own savings or investment that they have accumulated since they were young .
Anyway , in the case of homeless , childless and jobless , they should savour the benefits from the eldercare programme by the government .
For instance , Singapore is said to be the third-fastest ageing nation with a doubled proportion of people aged above 65 in 2020
( Lee , 2008 . Aging often becomes terrible as the elderly are drained from high medical and healthcare fees .
Certain types of pension could be limited , such as the ones who are financially independent after retirement .
On the other hand , there are other crucial areas where governments need to give strong financial support , such as education and economy .
Secondly , in terms of subsidy and medical insurance , the government often fails to differtiate the levels of needs among different groups of people .
For example , people who have chronic diseases should receive more subsidies and better medical insurance .
Those who work in high polluted industry , should also be specially considered .
Therefore , the government 's financial support should depend on people 's financial and healthy state .
What is more urgent and practical compared to purely spending more money on the aged is to restructure the pension , subsidy and medical insurance systems to ensure that limited government 's money can effectively help the aged .
It is widely believed that the most important treasure of a country in the 21st century is talents .
It is a time when Chinese government pays huge sums of money to create good a investing environment and financially support local entrepreneurs .
Without this , China could not o have achieved what it has today .
In return , developing these crucial areas would benefit the country as well .
Recently , the aging population has caused lots of social and economic problems , which has drawn the attention of more and more governments .
However , what most governments do is just to increase public spending on the aged , which is not enough to tackle the issue and even decreases the country 's development .
With a large population living in poverty , its government spent quite a large amount of money on the needy .
Secondly , it is not necessary for governments to spend too much money on the elderly to resolve the problem of aging population .
This method proves to be very effective .
With enough money saved or invested during the years of work , the elderly become less dependent on financial aids from governments .
Instead of increasing spending on the old , the problem can also be tackled by encouraging the elderly to lead longer working lives .
What is most important is that longer working lives give the aged opportunities to accumulate wealth for later lives , making them less vulnerable to the changes of outer aids .
This will truly benefit the aged who are completely dependent on pensions from governments .
Some people may have doubts about the productivity of the aged and argue that it is their right to lead a peaceful lives .
However , this is not true .
Most people who retire from work today are still energetic and in quite good health .
So there is no doubt that the aged are able to lead longer working lives .
On the other hand , since the aged are mostly more experienced and patient , there truly exist some jobs more suitable for them .
In that case , they are even more productive than younger workers .
Through the methods of requiring people to provide in advance and encouraging longer working lives , more money can be diverted to other areas to promote economic development .
In order to let the aged enjoy a relatively good life , governments grant pension and other benefits for the old .
Without a doubt , this will leave a heavy burden on the growth of the economy with the rapidly growing aging population .
Money should be transferred to more important areas .
When the limited money is made the most of , the aged can benefit from the various prospering departments all over the country , and maintain a self-sufficient life without the financial aid from the government .
Nowadays investment companies or insurance companies provide a variety of investment plans which can satisfy the needs of most people .
For example , in Singapore , people begin to save a certain percent of his salary into their bank accounts , in order to pay the housing loan , car loan or for advanced age .
Thirdly , the government can provide some work especially for the old unemployed people .
For example , some big supermarkets can employ the old to put the goods messed up by the shoppers back to their place .
I agree with the question that " Public spending on the aged should be limited so that money can be diverted to other areas of the country 's development . "
The greying population are expected to double by the year 2030 , " one in five Singaporeans will be over 65 , up from 1 in 12 today " ( ) .Therefore the amount of public spending required are also expected to rise proportionately .
The Government should limit public spending so as to prevent over reliance of the elderly on them which in turn causes an even bigger strain on the shrinking work force .
Therefore , the Government should focus on increasing productivity of future workers and making the citizens more independent rather than expanding the budget .
Some of the ways to do so is to make saving compelled by law , to elderly to come back to the workforce , and in healthcare aspects .
In order to cultivate the sense of self reliance the Government should make a compulsory law for the working adults to save into a special account with their monthly pay .
One such example is the Central Provident Fund ( CPF ) scheme used in Singapore over 5 decades .
This would ensure that each citizen would have some amount of money to fall back on when they retire and would in turn lessen the needs for subsidies or help from the government .
Since the human 's life expectancy has generally increased over the decades , it is essential that elderly work and earn more income for their retirement while it is possible .
Therefore the retirement age should be pushed back and elderly should be encouraged to upgrade their skills and continue working as they are a country 's invaluable resource with a lot of experience .
The cost of healthcare is on the rise . One of the challenges of the Government is to try to make healthcare services more affordable .
Healthcare service is very essential to the elderly as they are more prone to . Therefore by lowering the cost of healthcare , elderly can have more money to use in other areas of retirement .
Getting more elderly to get free health screening can ensure health problems to be treated at an early stage thus reducing the cost of expensive treatments when symptoms turn serious .
The citizens should also be encouraged to have a healthy lifestyle to prevent any possible illnesses to ensure a smooth retirement with more money spent on other areas other than healthcare .
The human 's life expectancy has increased over the years with the advanced technology and different living environments ; more adults are better educated and well off than before . This has changed our perception towards what is healthy and what is ageing .
Despite all these improvements , it does not mean that every single one of the elderly in the country would be covered and well taken care of .
There will still be a group of vulnerable elderly like the old single elderly mentioned by Robert B. Friedland and Laura Summer ( ) .
This means that lower educated people will be more likely to be in need of the public spending funds .
But all in all , the advantage of limiting the public spending outweighs the disadvantage as the needy group of people would be minimised .
In conclusion , I agree that public spending should be limited as citizens should not be over reliant on their Government and the focus to solve such problems should be to increase workforce and also make use of more money on lowering healthcare costs in other areas of the country 's development .
Nations in Asia are suffering from the problem of an aging population . With the increasing problem , the government has no choice but to spend a large sum of money to help and allow the process of aging in the society to be easy and convenient .
Reasons for the government to increase their spending on the elders include , the importance of an elderly in a family setting is important and we should all respect them in all aspects
Elders in countries have given most of their lives in their homeland and as a result become a significant part of development of their nations .
Lastly , the potential contributions of the elders would be valuable for the current generation .
Given the fact that they have been with us , are living with us and their presence has brought joy into the different households , the support they give us and the advice they always share with us , lies far more than just a duty to them . Rather it is love and appreciation for taking care of them .
If the government pays more attention to them , the chances of the individual families to pay attention to their elders would increase .
Secondly , our elders have given most of their lives to their homeland and contributed to the society as much as they could while they were younger .
Taking Singapore as an example , just after the World War II , people started to work hard for their future and we the following generations simply enjoy the fruits of their labor .
If we just neglect them , there are many other complications that might lead to facts that seems that the aged are really of no use .
Japan has increasing crime rates and from what they see is that , a lot of them are the . Why is that so ?
Shibata , whose task force has questioned 220 elderly people arrested mostly on charges of theft .
" Stated that " When people feel lonely , there is an impulse to commit a crime so they will somehow connect with someone "
It was also noticed that the crimes that they commit are non-violent , t small and minor thefts
With that to show that the elderly really need that attention and help from the government , we can not forget them and leave them aside but help them in the process of growing old .
Lastly , the potential contribution of an elder would definitely be valuable for the current generation because of the knowledge and experience that they have , that would bring many great lessons to the younger generation . Making use of this important factor would allow the younger generation to appreciate them so much more .
The aged are a valuable asset if we know how to make use of their strengths and not focus on their weakness .
As they grow older , we must not leave them . Instead we must them get through with just a little guidance to bring them alongside the . There is much that an elder would be able to give their advice on .
In conclusion , elders have so much that we can learn from and they are indeed a precious human resource in a country . instead of looking at them in a negative light and saying that they are of no use , let 's make use of their strength in terms of experience and knowledge to help the younger generation and advice them more .
Therefore the government should try its best to support them , in all aspect of their lives , emotionally , physically and mentally .
Research shows that of people aged 70 years , 8.6 % report problems with both hearing and seeing " .
Elderly who suffer from vision and hearing loss will find difficulties in making a phone call , listening to voice mail , and using text messages with cell phones .
The Shake-Up Alarm contains two parts : smoke detector and signaller .
When smoke is detected , the smoke detector will transmit signals to two receivers which are a bed vibrator and a strobe light .
The second receiver , which is a strobe light , will flash 60 times per minute .
In conclusion , every person will face the aging process and as a result , various diseases such as vision and hearing loss , smell problems , and memory loss are likely to attack as they age .
" ( ) As the productivity of the world has increased greatly compared to decades ago , an ageing society has come to being .
This essay is going to elaborate the effects that scientific discoveries , technological inventions and social policies have on easing the aging process .
Firstly , new scientific research and discoveries are regularly annouced and the elderly can follow the suggestions given by the researches .
" Strength training stimulates the growth or muscles and people feel more energetic ; also , the elderly with strong muscles are less likely to fall and suffer bad consequences .
In fact , we keep hearing health tips from the news broadcast or feeds such as healthy recipes , aerobic exercise and Yoga .
These are the practical summaries of scientific research and discovery
Secondly , uesful technological inventions have also been convenient to the elderly .
It is not unsual that the elderly have problems with their body like loss of senses .
Technologies like The Hearing Aid may be old news to us ; however , a new invention enables the blind to see .
( ' ) " They can not necessarily read a book but they can read a sign " , said the development company .
The blind are able to gain a rough perception of their surroundings with the " eye " and be independent from their families ' care .
Thirdly , social policies like CPF ( Central Provident Fund ) have helped alleviate the financial support of the elderly .
CPF is a policy to help people save a portion of their salaries while they are economically active .
With CPF , the eldly have money for life after retirement without extra financial help from the government , thus the implementation of CPF alleviates the government 's financial problem , and it is also favored by the rest of the society since they do not have to pay for the expenditures of the eldly after retirement .
Critics of science , technolological and social policies ' for an aging population argue that the elderly could live a satisfatory life in terms of the material ; however , it is hard for them to be happy since the society does not favor old people who do not fit its fast pace .
It is because there are communities which welcome the retirees who are healthy , independent and rich . In time , they will become more popular and be 'recruited ' by the communities since traditionally , women have provided much of the voluntary work but now more of them have joined the work force .
Rose. , UC Berkeley and NBER ) Retirees in this way have many more chances to communicate and probably they would not feel lonely .
In conclusion , scientific discoveries ease the aging process by educating the elderly on what is healthy ; technological inventions do this in ways to heal the sick , injured and even the disabled ; finally , social policies help the elderly in finance to secure a peaceful life .
These diseases often decrease the quality of life of the elderly because they cause the elderly to lose their ability to live a normal life as they used to live .
This fact is quite worrying since fingers are the most frequently used part of a human hand .
[ 6 ] Heart disease makes up more than 30 % of deaths in American adults aged 65 and above caused by chronic disease , making it the disease which kills most elderly .
In the past , these dead cells caused by a heart attack could not be replaced .
But today , thanks to a new heart treatment called " Heart Myoblast Cell Injection " , heart attack victims can get their healthy heart muscle cells back .
[ 7 ] In this new treatment method , myoblast cells are extracted from the heart patient 's own thigh muscles .
Research show that new tissue formation and improvement in the heart function of the patients were found after this treatment .
The lead researcher of this treatment at the Arizona Heart Institute , Nabil Dib , says , " Through this heart treatment we can regenerate a scar tissue caused by a heart attack , which is the opposite of what we learnt in medical school .
[ 8 ] While heart disease is still the leading cause of death in the elderly , cancer comes second .
[ 9 ] In the United States , Lung cancer kills more people than other cancers .
The traditional method to cure lung cancer in a patient is by surgery or radiotherapy which is given five days a week for six to seven weeks .
Another advantage of SBRT is it can double the survival rates of early stage patients .
The survival rates of SBRT are as high as surgical methods , which some patients can not have because of their conditions or refuse to have .
[ 12 ] Colorectal cancer is the second cancer-related killer in the United States after lung cancer .
Most colorectal cancer patients are elderly because the possibility of having colorectal cancer increases with age .
Nevertheless , some scientists from The United Kingdom have found a vaccine called TroVax which is able to cure kidney and bowel cancer .
The research on the vaccine showed that " [ 13 ] One patient who was given the vaccine has seen his tumour disappear totally .
Unlike chemotherapy which can cause depression of the bodies immune system because it kills not only bad cancer cells but also good cells which contribute to the body 's immunity , this vaccine works in a totally different way .
The vaccine improves the body 's immune system to fight a particular disease which in this case is colorectal cancer
These inventions help the elderly to live a healthier life .
By living a healthier life , the elderly people can live their days more normally and hence this will help them in the aging process .
First of all , the layout of the home is extremely important for old people to manage their living .
Firstly , by making sure that the house has single level living space , with no steps in main entry points , no obstruction in the hall way and bedrooms opening into the sitting room can reduce the accidents at home for the elderly .
It finds that 71 home accidents are reported by 607 elder people in four weeks and 70 % of the accidents are caused by falling .
Psychologists from the university of Texas indicates that being positive delays aging .
Equally important , is lighting another concern with regard to the health of the elderly especially the eyes .
Such as room lighting with controlling senses is also necessary to increase the illumination for eye protection , and the glare should be avoided by choosing the material of the wall , ceiling and mirror to fight against cataracts .
On the other hand , getting enough exposure to daylight can help fight against osteoporosis and insomnia .
And a study by Gloth ( 1995 ) suggests that half of the elderly have deficient vitamin D levels .
Furthermore , since old people stay at home most of the time , adequate sunlight would help them to form the cycle of day and night and thus prevent them from having sleep disorders .
Although some people still insist that it is better to let someone take care of the old or provide asylums for them , and therefore there is no need to redesign their homes , they fail to consider the fees for their care and the feelings of the elderly
Since most of them do save their pension for health care and do not want to burden their children .
and , since old people have already developed a strong sentiment for their house , and do not want to move .
Furthermore , home care can be done by providing welfare and consultation by government agencies at a lower cost to alleviate the solitude and physical burden of the dependent elderly , which is suggested by Claude ( 1993 ) in " Home based care " .
In conclusion , redesigning homes such as ordering the layout and adjusting the light for the old can ease the aging process in terms of reducing home accidents , facilitating those who have physical problems and protecting the eyes and bones .
( )
much progress have been made in science , especially medicine , to provide the elderly with convenient tools for their lives .
For example , dealing with bad vision , which is very popular among people above 60 , we now have special lenses and eye drops , together with traditional magnifiers which are being improved more and more to help the elderly with their eyesight , furthermore special hearing-aids can do a very good work in reinforcing the hearing ability .
Electric appliances are accompanied with remote controls which are easy to use and remember so that the elderly can flick through television channels or turn on and off lights and fans themselves .
For children working at offices who can not keep their eyes on their old parents , they can install the webcam system around the house to watch over the parents while still doing their job .
They can do various things and multi-task and thus help the elderly a lot in the house .
Who says computers are just for teenagers and the youth ?
Singapore recently has launched an Internet portal " I Not Old " ( { www.inotold.com } ) especially for the elderly , " to provide them with social platforms , games and information " ( 4 ) .
What are they looking for ?
In conclusion , the elderly nowadays are being helped a lot with different advances in technology , to become more and more independent and to live on their own .
We now can feel safe to leave home on our business and leave them at home , knowing that they are supported and equipped with all the things they need .
According to a definition on the Wikipedia website , reasons for an aging population , are usually migration , longer life expectancy , and decreased birth rate , which increase the number and proportion of the older people in the society .
Since , the aging population has been dramatically influencing various fields in people lives such as economics , healthcare system , and social policy .
Firstly , for a graying population around the world , lots of policies have been applied to control the birth and death rate or to balance the age structure .
One of the most possibly effective ways is the " two child " population policy in Shanghai , a big city in China .
additionally , for a long time , the Chinese population was controlled by a " one child " policy .
As a result , an increased aging population has developed .
Therefore , " a " two child " policy can relax this problem and boost a higher birth rate , with a government campaign that encourages couples to have a second child .
However , due to a lack of financial incentives , there is still no official announcement with regard to this .
Secondly , to cope with the aging process , an increase in healthcare demand can be organized by improving system performance , redesigning service delivery , support informal caregivers , and shift demographic parameters .
Thirdly , as mentioned in " A graying world " by Peter Peterson , late retirement not only solves the employment problem , but also lightens the financial burden on the young .
In countries with a limited labour force , taking advantage of experienced , stable employers is very important , as it also contributes to the family income and saves training cost .
Moreover , providing work to the older people helps them from being bored , alone , and maybe depressed .
( Sugano Laboratory , 2007 ) Currently , this 147cm tall human-symbiotic- robot can perform conversation with people ; provide motion support and perform sophisticated tasks such as fetching seasonings from the refrigerator and picking up a piece of bread from the toaster and putting it on a plate using a food tong without spoiling it .
In fact , there are a number of researches like Twendy-one , which focuses on technological innovations helpful to the aged people , which is being currently done
The aged may choose to wear optical lenses for presbyopia , and current research has raised the technology of this lens to a new height .
This enable the presbyopia patients , usually the aged , to see both far objects and near objects clearly without changing lenses .
This means , when the patient looks down , he or she can use the lower part of the lens to read and use the upper part of the lens with a different focus to look at distant objects .
Besides , the aged may also choose to carry a portable digital magnifier which takes a picture behind the device , magnifies it to a desired clearness and shows it on the screen such as PocketViewer .
Hence , the pressure of the aging process is reduced .
This information is further recorded and processed by the server in the hospital .
Moreover , this service system allows patients to get consultation from doctors using the device whenever they feel unwell .
With technological inventions like this , it is likely that the aged will enjoy a healthier and longer life which will ease , , the aging process .
Third , technological inventions provides help for the aged who are incapable of walking by himself or herself .
To cope with this problem , technological inventions use two main methods : either to assist and enhance the ability of weak limbs or provide alternative transport .
For example , Cyberdyne Inc. in Japan introduced a robotic suit called HAL to enhance the ability of limbs .
( Sankai , 2009 ) This robotic suit is driven by a battery and can be worn by a person .
It detects bio-signal from a person 's skin , analyzes the signal to figure out the person 's movement and provides the necessary support
Another example is the wheelchair , which gives the aged an alternative way to 'walk' .
New technological inventions such as Topchair even allow wheelchairs to climb stairs .
This wheelchair from France is able to climb up and go down stairs as well as moving at a speed greater then 35km/h while it only needs one or two fingers to operate .
In each area , inventions are solving practical problems faced by the aged .
By solving these problems , the lives of the aged are enhanced while the stress of the aging process is reduced .
Technology has improved our daily life a lot .
It impacts our work , leisure and home .
when compared with the past , today , everything can be done easily with the aid of technology .
As the speed of technology grows , people in the society age as well .
Recently , the aging population has been a a cause of concern for governments and society .
( 1 ) In order to ease the global aging process , people have begun using technology with the hope of helping the aging population .
Internet and automated gadgets are some of the technology that were used a few years ago to help the elderly .
Today , the internet has become so common in society it has being used to help the aging population .
For example , in the United State some family members actually give their elderly a GPS device which can help to keep track of their location anywhere and at any time .
As people get older , the chances of them getting lost are much higher and with the help of a GPS device , their loved ones can easily find out their current location when they get lost .
Another way of helping the aging population are automated gadgets .
An example would be the Med-eMonitor , invented by InforMedix , which acts as a medicine reminder for the elderly .
Inside this gadget , are many compartments that can help to separate the medication and also allows users to set a date and time .
If the musical chime is not responded to by the elderly and the medication is not taken , the gadget will place a phone call to the family members to inform them .
Besides using internet and automated gadgets individually , people have also combine them as one device .
In the United State there are devices that can also help to connect the elderly to the doctor without having them to go to the hospital everyday .
For example , the elderly with Cardiovascular diseases can be attached with an intelligent small device which is called a Chronicle system in their body to monitor their " heart rate , physical activity , body temperature and right ventricular ( RV ) pressure in them .
" ( 3 ) the results gathered by the device are transmitted to the doctors through a remote monitoring so that their health can be monitored even if they are at home or in the hospital .
Using internet and automated gadgets have helped to ease the aging process a lot .
As time passes , our aging population grows and so does our technology .
But as technology grows , it can provide us with more inventions that can help to ease the aging population process .
( 1 ) This famous quote by Australian politician Michael Wright not only illustrates one of the problems the government has to deal with an aging population but also points to the pressure the aging population place on the medical system .
It appears that the aging population has become the biggest and common concern for countries all over the world , especially those in Europe and Japan .
The diverse obstacles associated with an aging population creates lots of pressure , ranging not only from medical services but also to the education system too .
For instance : A survey conducted in British Columbia on the impact of an aging population on social services shows that as the average age of citizens increases , so does the health care cost per capita .
( 2 ) The government has to reserve a greater portion of the budget for taking care of the aged because they are more likely to suffer from ailments that almost always occur with old age ( such as : diabetes , osteomalacia... ) .
On the other hand , the scientists keep giving out new technological inventions to help the elderly feel more comfortable and content with their ordinary life .
They present wireless and mini hearing aids to enhance the listening ability of elderly as well as artificial limbs for them or walking sticks to aid them standing and walking around.More specifically , designed elevators used for the elderly in wheelchairs are everywhere , which plays an important role in helping them to access higher levels in tall buildings .
The older they get , the worse their body organs function , which leads to the situation that they really need some help from inventors to retain their original life .
The next question that needs to be debated is : " How much money should the government spend on medical care for the elderly ? " .
In my opinion , the government should use much more money towards taking care of the elderly due to the following : Firstly , the aged are citizens who have contributed a lot of money to the National Treasury through compulsory taxes like land-tax , income tax... therefore they deserve receiving more care from the authorities .
Secondly , as long as you take care of the elderly well , the average longevity of the citizens will rise significantly .
As far as we are concerned , many economists evaluate the wealth and development of a country not only by its wealth , but also on how the average longevity of its citizens is .
In conclusion , it 's unassailable that : To some extent , current research have helped ease the aging process .
This mission not only lies on the scientists ' hands but also require some support from the society in general , and the government in particular .
If the government reserve more money on the medical care for the elderly , absolutely they 'll be more satisfied with their life .
As we know , people are living longer today than they used to , and this is resulting in a much larger elderly population than before .
So , current research and development or policies in particular fields of science and medicine have helped to ease the aging process .
According to research , it is estimated that one out of three people over age 64 has some hearing impairment ; this increases to almost one out of two persons over the age of .
As we know , chronically ill patients need to check in with a health-care provider every day and answer questions about their current symptoms allow for immediate intervention .
They need a comfortable home for their retired life .
This technology reminds patients to take their medication ; instructs patients through text , illustrations , and the spoken word on what , when , and how to make their medication ; ask patients if they would like to learn more about their medication ; provide administrative , side effect , and storage information to the patient etc., .
This will help the older people a lot so that they would not to be " thrown " nto the old folks home because of their disability at home .
As the world goes on , Technology has been applied to public transportation in the development of Intelligent Transportation System ( ITS ) that enhance older persons mobility by providing better information before and during a journey .
[ 1 ] Many of the age-related reduction in function that contribute to driving cessation can impede mobility independence when using public transportation systems , The application of technology within an ITS can support deficits in vision , hearing , cognition , and sensorinotor function .
Technology in itself is not the only panacea to solve the aging global population .
So , there should be improvement in every field of study and research to ease the aging population and to enhance the quality of life for a global population that will double in size by 2050 .
Since the birth of human beings , our ancestors have gone through the 4 stages of life , namely birth , aging , illness and death .
It is a process that began when we were first born .
It is inevitable that we will eventually become old and vulnerable to problems and diseases that are associatede with old age .
It is not unknown that Scientists have been researching while governments are constantly improving development and policies for the elderly .
Firstly , modern medical research is able to treat and cure deadly diseases that we were incapable of previously .
With the current advances in medical technology , we are able to remedy and prevent diseases more effectively .
Previous generations had no knowledge of illnesses like diabetes , hypertension and high cholesterol which leads to more severe problems like heart attack and stroke .
With modern research , medicine have been produced to assist in treating the problems .
The findings were used for the prevention of these illnesses , thus the elderly who are more prone to these diseases are able to take more precaution with their health .
Secondly , More health care centers have been developed to cater for the elderly
In fact we have access to medical , health care center within a kilometers of any housing estate .
For instance , presently most markets or shopping malls will have at least one clinic in service as compared to the past where patients had to travel long distances in order to get basic treatment .
In addition , more hospitals are being built .
examples like Jurong General Hospital and Khoo Teck Puat Hospital will be built to provide medical services in Jurong and Yishun respectively .
These will provide more opportunities for treatment and shorten the traveling time in a time of emergency .
For example , Medisave is made compulsory for Singaporeans to contribute part of their income into saving for medical use .
A minimum balance of $ 15 000 is required in Medicsave to prevent premature depletion which will be needed for future medical needs , more precisely during old age .
Also benefits such as national medical subsidy schemes have been introduced to subsidise the medical cost for the elderly .
The Elderly are given a subsidy of $ 360 annually for chronic diseases like diabetes , hypertension and high cholesterol .
These policies make medical treatment more affordable and less taxing to the elderly .
To summarize , with the current medical research , development and polices made by scientists and the government , it has definitely slowed and eased the aging process that everyone will experience .
However ageing will remain the same for today and will not change at least in our time .
This process or searching and examining has never ended , ever after decades .
This is even more obvious in this century , where the standard of living of the generation X has improved compared to the past .
To ease or slow down the aging process is to have the ability to lengthen the lifespan of our youthful healthy days .
As such , life extension is the main concept that most companies are engaging in to target aging issues .
These products use different raw materials and food processing methods , which they claim is safe and effective for consumption , after rounds of testing .
However , mostly they work and agree on the same common theory , which is the importance of keeping a stable blood sugar level , achieved in part by managing the glycemic indices of food choices .
In addition , Anti-aging creams such as " Olay " and " Loreal " is also getting more popular and commonly use by both men and women .
These are mostly moisturiser based cosmetic skin care products marketed with the promise of making the consumer look younger by reducing visible wrinkles , expression lines , blemishes , pigmentation changes , discolouration and other environmentally ( especially from the sun ) related conditions of the skin .
[ 2 ] Despite great demand , many such products and treatments have not proved to give lasting or major positive effects .
Another issue connected with the aging process is the terror of memory loss .
According to one research conducted by the Natural Marketing Institute ( NMI ) [ 3 ] , memory loss and losing brain capacity is the biggest fear of the aging baby boomer population .
Currently in the market , there are brain supplements such as " Prevagen " and " Essential Youth " [ 4 ] ; products which claims to have remarkable formulas , which can help old people look younger , feel better , think faster , remember more clearly , thus enjoy their life again .This is out in display in all corners of the shopping and healthcare centre .
These products were advertised with the support from TV artists and provide documentation testing from scientists .
When it comes to matters related to healthcare , research is never ending .
Scientists have also carried other studies and proposed other strategies of life extension .
However , these 2 researches involve debatable points in ethics and religion which need to be resolved .
Aging is a process which can not be stopped and it is going to be a much more critical issue for mankind in the next decade , while the ratio of working adult and to the old is further reduced to one-one .
It is a problem that every country is facing , and if it is not properly dealt with , it will hold back the country 's development and be an economic hindrance .
As such , in conclusion , the researches in medicines and other field such as technology and social policy is one of the most importance issues currently .
With education , detail and proper planning now it will help to ease numerous problems that the country and family will face as the population ages .
According to the Singapore Department of Statistics ( 2008 ) , life expectancy in Singapore continues to increase .
The report shows that the life expectancy of people is increasing with time , which implies that the aging process is becoming than before .
why if this tendency happening now ?
There are various fields contributing to this tendency , including science , technology , economics , government policies , medicine and psychology .
It can be argued that the development of technology plays an important role in this .
There are two kinds of technology that contribute a lot to the increase in the life expectancy of people .
When it comes to information technology , every young person should be familiar with it .
However , it seems that information technology is not very popular among the old .
Thus , it seems that information technology does not help the adults a lot .
For example , the buttons on a mobile and the words on the screen are too smalll so the old can not read .
However , the producers are trying to produce products particularly for the old .
The products are cheap and the word is big enough and
With these tools , for example mobile phones , the old can get in touch with their sons or daughters easily .
Thus , these tools will help them both physically and mentally .
How do technological inventions help to ease the aging process ?
There is also a reduction of the thymus gland to 5-10 % of its original mass by age 50 .
From this , it can bee seen that when people become old , the organs and tissues will not work as well as before .
If the walking stick finds anything wrong , it will send a message to a healthcare center and the center will get the information of where the person is and send a nurse to take of them .
In this way , , the health of the old and this will ease the aging process .
There are also hearing aids to help old people listen clearly and electronic wheelchairs to help old people go out conveniently .
From the above , , it can be concluded that technological inventions help to ease the aging process .
In conclusion , with the development of technology , the aging process will become slower .
Technology really helps the old a lot in easing the aging process .
Hopefully , the elderly will benefit from the fast developing technology .
Technology has vastly improved during the past century and made life easier for the elderly around the world .
In the case of developments in terms of Architecture , this has been true thus far .
Moving around at a speed and mobility which they had decades ago was not possible , but Architecture has changed our homes in a manner which assured that the elderly can at least move around without facing many difficulties .
One such feature is having homes with only one floor built .
Another such feature will be homes with wider corridors .
Both of the mentioned features allow greater mobility for wheelchair bound elderly or elderly who move around with the help of a walking stick .
The elderly have always been stereotyped as people who are prone to slipping and injuring themselves .
To ease such worries of the younger generation , developments in Architecture have the means to solve such problems .
In parts of the home where a staircase must inevitably be built , handrails or barristers can be built for support if the elderly wish to climb the stairs .
As the number of elderly that live alone rises , the government has seen the need to provide special housing for them .
In terms of Singapore , the government has decided to develop blocks of rental 1-room flats which have lifts that stop on every floor , an alert alarm to call for help in the event of emergency , and support hand bars in the toilets and along common corridors to facilitate mobility of the elderly .
New shopping centres such as Orchard Centre and Ion Orchard have elderly-friendly facilities such as ramps or ground floor entrances toilets for the disabled which are also user-friendly for the elderly .
Architecture has raised the standards of living up to a point where even the elderly that have low mobility are able to move around as they wish .
There are many physical and mental ailments that often arise from aging , such as brain degeneration , discrimination from the public , social isolation and no sense of direction in life .
To reduce the negative impact of the aging process , it is therefore important to create a role model for the elderly , to eliminate ageism in the society , and ito improve detection of depression and encourage lifelong learning .
For example , there is a controversy as to why many people believe that when we were young and forgetful , the reason for forgetfulness is because we had too much stuff on our mind .
However , this is a fallacy and believing in it will likely to lead to a negative self-image of oneself .
One way of fighting ageism is educating the people about the adverse effects of old aged stereotyping .
In a study done by Levy and her colleague , older individuals with a more positive self-perception of aging lived 7.5 years longer than those with less positive self-perception of aging [ 3 ] .
Therefore a possible solution is to increase the number of doctoral-level trained geropsychologists ( Psychologists for the elderly ) and make age-related information more available to researchers , practitioners and students to help improve detection and treatment .
Critics of this position feel that people should not be pressured to participate in lifelong learning " for the good of society " .
[ 6 ] However , this is as there are also many benefits that lifelong learning can .
In a book " Learning Later , Living Greater " co written by Nancy Merz Nordstrom and Jon F.Merz , the authors highlighted the benefits presented with supporting case studies on lifelong learning .
Having a positive image for the elderly , effectively combating ageism , and promoting a depression-free and lifelong learning society have contributed to ease the aging process .
The idea that old age is not an end should be embraced. .
After all , as George Burns , an American comedian once said , " You ca n't help getting older , but you do n't have to get old " .
The world 's population underwent rapid growth in the 1950s and 60s .
It is expected that by 2030 , about nineteen percent of the world 's population will be over the age of sixty-five .
However taking a look around us today , current research , development and various policies have evolved to an extent large enough to dismiss concerns about a greying population .
These measures and policies have greatly aided the elderly with their ageing process .
First , the local government has done much to introduce various measures to help lessen the economical load on the elderly .
In this manner , the elderly are in turn taken care of by the younger generation , easing their ageing process .
The above mentioned law contributes to the easing of the ageing process by creating a dependency between the younger generation in families with their elders .
This social policy has helped many to remain self-sufficient in their elderly years .
In the area of healthcare policies , there are a handful of available measures which have essentially helped ease the ageing process .
This measure curbs elderly people 's worry of escalating healthcare costs , which they find themselves more liable for in their older years .
Secondly , direct subsidies are given to government hospitals , polyclinics and some nursing homes for the elderly to ensure that basic healthcare services are made available for all Singaporean senior citizens .
The ageing process is made easier as worry about health issues and expenses are greatly reduced .
As illustrated , currently , many social policies exist which have become widely available .
These policies cater to the varying needs of the ageing population be it in financial terms or healthcare .
Today , the concerns involved with the ageing process and a majority of people 's concerns about a greying population have been dismissed .
The elderly are greatly aided with their ageing process through government grants , healthcare benefits and many other social policies made available to them to be easily utilised .
People today are able to ease the aging process because of current research and development .
In psychology studies , scientists analysed human mental functions and behaviours and came out with solutions to help the elderly ease their process of aging .
Through research , psychologists found out that elderly people get depressed easily .
For instance , in the work place , some young adults develop prejudice and discrimination against the older people because they feel that the elderly are less efficient and no longer productive .
Therefore , the aging process can be eased by helping the elderly develop a positive attitude towards life .
The elderly tend to think that they are incompetent and useless as they no longer contribute to society .
Firstly , life long learning is emphasized to help them .
They can upgrade their skills by taking up enrichment courses like computer classes .
This can boost their confidence in securing a .
[ 5 ] They often feel lonely and helpless as they have no one to confide in .
Now many community service clubs like NUS CSC have gathered volunteers to visit these elderly at least once a week .
In this way , the elderly can get involved in community activities which in turn make them look forward to the next session .
Thirdly , for retirees , they can not get used to the amount of free time they have .
Other than joining activities held in the community centres , they can also form groups with other elderly people to do morning exercises .
Exercise can help them to improve blood circulation , bone strength and immune system functions .
Easing the aging process is just about making them feel better .
For retired elderly , they may even feel better as there is no stress from work .
The solutions from current research and development can help elderly people to feel young and create a positive attitude towards life , and to a large extent help to ease aging .
Caring for the old
It can be argued that public spending on the aged should not be limited .
The reasons are as follows : Firstly , put first things first .
Secondly , cutting down public spending may arouse complaints from the public .
Thirdly , limiting public spending on the aged will surely increase the load on the youth .
First of all , put first things first , this means satisfying the basic needs ofthe aged is the most important thing for a country , as only when the basic needs of people are satisfied , can development be possible. .
Imagine if the aged are starving , how can the government still limit public spending and use the money on other areas , .
It looks like exchanging development with people 's lives .
For instance , after the war , the government of Iraq tried to collect money for public spending and basic reconstruction .
In the case of Iraq , satisfying the basic needs of the people is the most important thing which should be put first .
Different countries have different cases that can not .
Another reason is that limiting public spending may arouse complaints from the public , which in return , has an effect on the development of the country .
For some elderly people , public spending is the only source of income .
Limiting public spending will make it harder for them to live , especially for old people who have no children and are in poor physical condition .
So if their incomes are limited , it must arouse complaints and evoke the indignation .
The most interesting thing is that voters tend to vote for those who approve the usage of money on public spending .
So the government should not limit public spending in case of complaints from the public .
Finally , limiting public spending will surely increase the burden on the youth , since they will share much more responsibility for supporting the aged .
if the society throws the aged problem onto them .
Some people may say that offering sufficient public spending will make the aged rely more on the government .
Elderly people are still looking for light jobs to make money .
For example , waiters and cleaners in shops like Macdonalds are mostly made up of old people .
The aged still try their best to create value for society
Limiting public spending on the aged is a serious matter , especially for those who are physically disabled or who live alone without children .
The aged should be cared for by society . Their basic needs should be satisfied first , then the countries ' development can be tackled .
Furthermore , limiting public spending may cause complaints from the public and increase the load on the younger generation .
Therefore , public spending should not be limited as limiting public spending is the wrong way to develop a country .
Aging populations are a global phenomenon which affects economic growth , sustainability within families and public spending .
It reduces economic growth as the size of the workforce shrinks as more elderly people leave the workforce and less people are recruited into the workforce .
Another impact is the sustainability of families , because there are far less children supporting far more elderly .
This results in severe financial stress for the working population .
Public spending is also stressed to provide pensions , building infrastructure and healthcare catered for the elderly .
Therefore , Public spending for the aged should be limited because
Either other areas of public spending have to receive less funding , or taxes have to be raised to allow for more funds to be spent on the aged .
Firstly , public funding on other sectors is also limited and can not be reduced as they are equally important .
The military is needed for the defense of the nation .
Public spending on technology can not be reduced as it is a substitute for the decline in productivity of a shrinking workforce .
Secondly , the main income for public spending is from taxes , especially income taxes from the working population with services tax forming the largest proportion .
If taxes are raised substantially , it would worsen the severe financial stress for the working population and adversely impact the consumer market .
Therefore , public spending on the aged definitely has to be limited , ensuring enough funding goes to other sectors such as education , military , technology , transport , housing , healthcare , sports , etc which are equally important so as not to increase taxes for the working population .
The government should limit public spending on healthcare for the aged , and the limit should satisfy the healthcare needs of all the elderly .
Wants are usually specialist services that perform detailed checkups to determine the underlying cause of the illness , analysis of patients ' symptoms to predict illnesses they might contract and certain pharmaceutical medicines which act as supplements .
Therefore , individuals should pay for what is wanted and only needs should be subsidized by the government to reduce public spending on healthcare for the aged .
The government should also support healthcare costs for those elderly in families with financial problems as poverty if basic healthcare is not provided to everyone .
These illnesses or diseases could be non-communicable or chronic which include cardiovascular disease , dementia and Alzheimer 's disease , cancer , arthritis and diabetes .
Although , public spending on the aged has to be limited , it can not neglect the social needs of the elderly .
As the elderly are physically weaker and have poorer vision , elderly friendly infrastructures ,which include enhancements to transport facilities and housing , are necessary to free the elderly from problems of mobility within the community. .
Imagine if there were plenty of staircases and no lifts , signs with small fonts and no resting areas . no resting areas .
It would be an anti-elderly society where the elderly would most likely stay at home .
These elderly friendly infrastructures are meant to give accessibility for the elderly to physically communicate with friends , families and other people making them part of the community .
After all , it is only morally right to do so as the elderly were once part of the working population that contributed to the nation and they now form a significant portion of the population .
In conclusion , the world should shift towards fostering an elderly friendly society that values their contribution and allows them to be part of the community .
It should also inculcate a strong sense of self reliance among the workforce to prepare them for their old age .
This would reduce their dependence on children or government to support them and not hinder the growth of other areas of the country 's development , as these other areas currently receive fewer funds due to the increasing amount of funds being diverted into helping the growing aged population .
As psychology develops , it has benefitted humans a lot in helping people to know more about themselves .
According to statistics from the World Health Organization , seven to ten percent of the elderly population have depression problems ( Baidu , 2009 ) .
However , as psychology advances , elderly depression can be dealt with through psychological means .
Firstly , elderly depression could be prevented with psychological consultation .
For example , a qualified psychological consultant is able to offer an old person constructive suggestions on how to prevent depression such as , keeping a positive attitude towards aging , developing hobbies and participating in social activities which can activate the mind .
The consultant might also advise the children of the old person to keep the elderly company regularly and care more about them .
Elderly depression may be prevented from happening to old people with active minds and lots of emotional support .
Secondly , elderly depression could be treated with psychological treatment .
For instance , psychologists can address the importance of sports as appropriate amounts of sport can keep old people 's bodies and minds active .
At the same time , volunteers can play a part in helping as listeners .
Speaking out personal experiences and difficulties in life is a good way of letting go of negative thoughts for old people .
As an old saying puts it , it is
By continuous self learning , the elderly are able to refresh their minds and keep up with the pace of .
If a grandfather knows how to surf the Internet , his life will be more colourful and meaningful because he has more opportunities for recreation and more access to information .
On the other hand , with life-long learning , the old are more competitive in the work force because they possess new knowledge needed in a new age and have profound working experience , which is an advantage over the young .
Once the elderly become more competitive in employment , it is easier for them to choose late retirement .
However , one might propose that psychology development has brought about ageism , which involves prejudicial attitudes to the
On the contrary , psychological development has helped to eliminate ageism ,
It is the old who have contributed to our society a lot .
Psychological development has provided the right view of aging , helping to eliminate ageism and ease the aging process .
In conclusion , elderly depression problems are becoming less severe with the help of psychological consultation and treatment , life-long learning has been promoted by psychological development to equip the elderly better for employment , and ageism has been somewhat eliminated by
With the population of aged getting larger in society a big sum of money is involved in helping the aged .
If this huge amount of spending is reduced , but in turn , spent on other areas of the country 's development , the wealth of the country can reach a .
To many people , limiting the amount of money to be spent on the elderly can be perceived as being cruel to them .
However , it is necessary to be realistic and pragmatic .
With sufficient funds , the country can spend on manpower , education , investment , construction and other aspects to aid in its development .
Nevertheless , a government can still provide funds for the aged .
In this survey , the elderly can state down whether they receive any forms of subsidy from their families , where they stay , who they stay with , and whether they are interested in applying for financial assistance .
On top of that , it ensures that their contributions to the country 's economy still exist .
By doing so , the country could differentiate them from the rest of the elderly that do not need any form of financial aid because they already have enough to finance themselves .
On the other hand , for those who are really in need , they can apply for subsidies to receive a certain amount of funding every month .
Under this financial plan , they will benefit from the country 's welfare and at the same time be able to satisfy their basic needs .
A well-developed country can bring wealth and boost the economy of the country .
With that , the citizens can get to improve their living standards and quality of life .
Imagine a country that has slower development in education .
In the near future , children in the country would have a lower chance to be educated .
People need to be more practical and far-sighted to consider the next generation in the country .
This can be done by building up funds for the country 's development , while not overdoing funding for the aged .
Some countries are experiencing an aging population , for example Japan , which is facing rapid change , had a 5.1 % 1 increase in aging population over the last 30 years .
This figure is expected to increase as more elderly reach 65 years old .
Countries such as Singapore are also facing rapid aging population growth with a decreasing fertility rate of 0.31 % 1 over the past 7 years .
If this trend continues , Singapore will be second after Japan .
An aging population affects the country 's economy because of the high retirement rate and the increased need for providing healthcare for the elderly .
therefore public spending should not be limited because it is still part of the country 's responsibility to take care of the aged population .
Firstly , Singapore is one of the many countries experiencing an aging population , where the median age has increased from 16.9 years since 1970 to 19.51 years now with a decreasing fertility rate [ 1 ] .
Large number of retirees are expected in the future .
Other policies the government have implemented is creating more job opportunities for the aged including , providing part time jobs , allowing flexible working hours and giving an option for them to work at home .
Secondly , as the country 's aging population increases , health problems become one of the concerns for the elderly .
For most developed and developing countries , healthcare will become an issue .
As the cost of living increases , the cost of healthcare also increases .
For instance , healthcare is an issue in the United States .
Any healthcare cost will become a burden to the elderly as well as to their family members .
On the other hand , countries such as Singapore have policies which help the elderly to cover their medical expenses .
This will not be possible if a limitation on public spending on the aged is imposed .
For instance , during the current economic downturn , public funding should be diverted to developing more facilities , which will in turn improve ththe economy .
One example is the recent government project of the integrated resort , which will create job opportunities and attract people to spend money when it is completed .
If the economy of the country is not growing , it may affect businesses within the country , which in turn affects the employment rate .
Therefore , public spending on the aged should not be limited as they are still part of the country 's development and social well being .
As a Chinese saying goes , the aged population is actually a treasure to the country .
However a significant amount of funding should also be diverted to other to stimulate the economy and help the country and its people to survive the economic downturn .
It has been argued that " To a large extent , current research and development/policies have helped to ease the aging process .
" Elders experience capabilities in body functions , like standing for extended duration , lifting , diminishing eyesight and slower reaction time among others .
Technologies have been deployed to assist elderly people in day to day activities to counter or decrease disadvantages they face due to their less athletic bodies .
Elderly people are eased in the aging process by technologies that retain
Compared to the past where there was less advanced deployment of machineries and technologies , there are four areas that technologies help the elderly in , work , communication , healthcare and transportation .
Firstly , mechanization and automation have taken away the physical component of many jobs
This allows the elderly to have less physical capabilities in their work .
The elderlys are as capable of operating and monitoring equipment as the younger , stronger workers are. .
Working at the port or the warehouse would be impossible for elderly people in the past , where cargo is uploaded by man .
Dockside cranes and forklifts , , allow elderly people to handle the job even though they are not as fit as the younger workers .
Thus , due to mechanization and automation , workers have a smaller decrease in productivity due to age , allowing elderly people to work at an older age than could be done in the past .
The elderly can have a longer time to save up for retirement , decreasing potential financial problems .
The elderly can be at ease knowing that they are able to be more financially capable at an older age .
Secondly , elders can access communication networks through specific communication devices designed for usage by the elderly .
While most products are still at the prototype stage , the demand in the market warrants such products to be available in the near future .
These devices take into account the tendency of the elderly to fail to recall operation methods , contacts , schedules , locations , etc. Much emphasis has been placed on shadow learning curves and user- friendliness to non-technically inclined users
User interface and controls can be self-descriptive and intuitive by using extensive use of icons , grouping of related tasks and automatic hiding and showing of controls by intelligently determining the likely intention of users .
A phone by Doro with big buttons and limited functions is a good example .
The simplicity of this device made it more adoptable for elderly people .
Elderly people can now communicate with each other , their children and relatives regardless of geographical distance .
In the past , they would have had to visit physically at another geographical location or employ the help of their children to make a phone call or chat on the Internet. .
For , technologies can assist in their healthcare
There are products in the market where the elderly at home can wear a device like a necklace on which there is a big red emergency button .
A modem installed at home will wirelessly detect the pressing of the emergency button and automatically dial for the emergency services with the location , medical information and family members of the elderly person as long as they press it within the detection range of the device .
This greatly increases the chances of help arriving in a timely manner .
Emergency respond units are able to have detailed medical records of the patients before arrival and apply the appropriate pre-treatment before sending the patient to hospital .
In the past , elderly people would need someone else to look after them and respond to emergency situations .
The elderly might also be unaware or can not remember their own medical records .
Technologies thus make aging much safer for the elderly .
To help elderly people travel around , the public transportation system underwent changes catering towards them .
In Singapore , MRT stations are retrofitted with lifts so that elderly people do not need to climb the staircase or take the the escalator
Many bus service providers around the world are acquiring low- floor buses , which has increased accessibility for elderly people .
Combined with a policy that encourages priority seating for senior citizens , taking public transport has become a much more comfortable experience compared to the past .
In conclusion , many technologies have helped to ease the aging process by a large extent .
Aging would become much more difficult and uncomfortable without these technologies .
One of the most challenging issues in the world now is the ability to meet the increase in energy demand .
Current resources like fossil fuel , which is used to generate electricity , will eventually be depleted in a few centuries ' time ( Mitenkov , Kodochigov , Vasyaev , Golovko , Ponomarev-Stepnoi , Kukharkin & Stolyarevskii , 2004 ) .
Although there are public opponents who do not wish for the nuclear reactors to be built due to potential threats , past incidences and cost , the Generation IV VHTR aims to overcome these negative aspects with funding for its research and development .
This is one of the reasons why opponents among the public do not wish for nuclear reactors to be built .
Therefore , the likelihood of reactors melting down because of terrorists shutting off the coolant to the VHTR is minimised .
Furthermore , terrorist attacks could also come in many other forms ; one well-known example is the terrorist attack upon the United States on 11 September 2001 which did not involve nuclear reactors .
Therefore , it can be concluded that if terrorists are determined to destroy a country , they could still use different methods even if nuclear reactors are present in the country .
In addition , since terrorists know that there will be extra precautions taken to safeguard the nuclear reactors , it will be more difficult for them to sabotage the country by means of the nuclear reactors .
In order to make the VHTR much less attractive as a target to terrorists , funding for research and development is necessary to develop simpler safety interlock systems and materials which can withstand very high temperatures to build the reactor .
The public being nuclear-averse is also the result of the past accidents at Three Mile Island and Chernobyl in Pennsylvania and Ukraine respectively .
Moreover , the cooling system of the reactor was not properly set up ; hence , overheating caused the reactors ' core to melt and become severely damaged ( World Nuclear Association , 2009 ) .
The VHTR can reduce the occurrence of this incident by incorporating a simple cooling system which does not need skilled operators ( Butler , 2004 ) .
Thus , with careful , well trained operators and better cooling systems , the probability of accidents happening will be reduced .
As for the other accident which happened in Chernobyl , it was a result of operators , who were not well trained in operation and safety , operating on a reactor which was inadequately designed ( World Nuclear Association , 2009 ) .
These factors led to 56 deaths by 2004 as a result of the reactors ' explosion and the release of radioactive materials into the surroundings ( World Nuclear Association , 2009 ) .
It was noted that the explosion was due to the coolant used , which was water , turning to steam and thus suddenly increased the power produced and set off a nuclear reaction ( World Nuclear Association , 2009 ) .
In the case of the VHTR , the coolant will be helium .
Being chemically inert , helium does not influence the nuclear reactions with a temperature change or .
Hence , power surges of the reactor will be minimized , resulting in a decrease in the probability of reactor explosion .
There is no doubt that opponents would not want history to repeat itself , so they would not want nuclear reactors to be built .
However , there are important lessons to be learnt from this accident which can be used to improve the design of nuclear reactors .
Research and development of the VHTR can help to ensure safer operation of a nuclear reactor where safety aspects of the reactor will be better than before .
Besides that , adequate operator training will be planned and carried out faithfully to bring accident rates to a minimum .
With safer nuclear reactors , opponents should feel more at ease with them in their country , and hence , more can be built to help in sustaining the energy supply for the future .
Although the cost of hydrogen replacing gasoline is huge , there will surely be more benefits to mankind due to high efficiency .
According to Butler ( 2004 ) , approximately 400 nuclear power plants , each requiring about US $ 1 billion , need to be built in order to fully be dependent on hydrogen instead of gasoline .
In addition , research and testing work is required to look for materials which are able to resist the high temperature of the VHTR and the rapid impact of high energy neutrons in the reaction ( Butler , 2004 ) .
This could help to meet the rising energy demand .
Although there might be future technologies which will be better than the VHTR , this is not definite as yet .
Therefore , rather than wait for a new technology to fully emerge , we should continue to carry out research work on enhancing feasible technology present now , which is the nuclear reactor .
Opponents may think that nuclear reactors are potential terrorist targets , but precautions have already taken to minimize the impact .
Moreover , nuclear reactors are not the only targets of the terrorist ; there are other ways terrorists can think of to destroy a country .
Certain major accidents in the past which resulted in deaths involved nuclear reactors , so the public are against nuclear reactors .
However , it is because of these past experiences that there can be improvements to the design of the Generation IV VHTR .
Therefore , the VHTR can be said to be much safer than nuclear reactors of the past .
Lastly , the cost to build and experiment on newly designed nuclear reactors may be high , but the advantage that they can produce more energy with the same amount of resources far surpasses the cost involved as the important issue now is to solve the problem of constantly increasing energy demand .
It is mentioned in Butler 's article ( 2004 ) that building the VHTR can involve many obstacles , but if engineers are able to overcome them , then energy production will be " safe , abundant , reliable , inexpensive and proliferation resistant " .
Hence , I strongly recommend further funding for research and development for engineers to overcome the challenges involved in constructing the VHTR .
When talking about the most serious accident ever in nuclear power history , the 1986 Chernobyl Accident will come to everyone 's mind ( UNSCEAR , 2009 ) .
According to an authoritative report ( WNA , 2009 ) , 56 deaths were confirmed to have been directly related to the Chernobyl Accident by 2004.It is officially suggested that the Chernobyl Accident was the result of inadequately trained operators , a flawed design , as well as the lack of proper regard for safety ( WNA , 2009 ) .
As researchers have been paying more and more attention to applied psychology in the recent decades , people have been wondering whether the use of psychology during the design process would have prevented some major engineering accidents like the Chernobyl Accident .
Evidence shows the use of psychology during the design process would have largely reduced the chance of the Chernobyl Accident by raising the awareness of safety among the crew .
In this essay , two aspects where psychology could have been applied to prevent the accident will be talked about ; they are : calling attention to the importance of safety and making people consider the safety of the complex high hazard system from a macro view .
Above all , applying psychology during the design process could make people pay more attention to the importance of safety .
It is identified by the International Atomic Energy Agency ( IAEA ) in the post-accident report that the deficient knowledge and awareness of safety of the crews was one of the main causes that led to the Chernobyl Accident ( IAEA , 1992 ) .
Here are some examples that reflect the deficient safety knowledge of the crews .
For the design team , a few fatal design errors of the nuclear system and their possible consequences had been known long before the Chernobyl Accident , but no action was taken to correct these errors in the design .
For the operating team , insufficient training of the operating staff caused a serious problem with the man-machine interaction .
Finally , the regulatory team underestimated the potential danger in the nuclear test and therefore did not provide the necessary supervision for the test .
( James , 2009 ) All these contributed to the painful consequence of the Chernobyl Accident , which could have been prevented if psychology had been applied to make the crew more responsible and pay more attention to nuclear safety .
Furthermore , paying more attention to the importance of safety is not enough ; psychology should be applied to guide the engineers to consider the safety of the nuclear plant at the system level .
However , like all the other accidents of the same nature , namely accidents of the complex high hazard systems , the Chernobyl Accident was not the consequence of a single error , but of a combination of the failure of various factors ( Wilpert , 2007 ) .
When the Chernobyl Accident occurred , the poor communication and interaction between different departments of the nuclear plant made it even worse than it might otherwise have been .
To have prevented the accident , it would have been important to consider the safety of the system from a macro view by analyzing the whole nuclear system , including the interaction among humans , as well as organizational and technological factors ( Meshkati , 1996 ) .
On the other hand , not everyone agrees that applying psychology during the engineering design process would have prevented the Chernobyl Accident .
First , due to the wrong social perception of psychology and the social sciences , many people think psychology only come under the field of human arts and social science , which is totally unrelated to engineering ; therefore , they doubt that applying psychology during the designing process will help to prevent engineering accidents like the Chernobyl Accident .
Nevertheless , these people do not realize that those who design , construct , maintain , and run the systems are all humans ( Wilpert , 2007 ) .
Therefore , a large part of the safety of the engineering systems lies in human activities .
Applying psychology in engineering can help to make people more mature , responsible , and careful while dealing with complex high hazard systems like nuclear reactors , which will definitely reduce the chances of an accident .
Another rebuttal against applying psychology is that some people argue that design errors are the main cause of major engineering accidents , and applying psychology can not correct these design errors nor prevent the accidents .
It is true that a lot of accidents are due to design errors , but it is also true that humans are the factor that gives rise to the accidents in many cases .
If we can not improve the safety awareness among the crew , there is no point in merely solving the technical problem .
For instance , about a decade before the Chernobyl Accident , a nuclear accident occurred on Three Mile Island , in which the technical cause was also the water cooling system ( WNA , 2001 ) .
The reason why , ten years later , a similar technical defect also caused the Chernobyl Accident is because people did not pay enough attention to nuclear safety and therefore did not learn a lesson from the prior accidents , which were not purely due to a technical problem and which could have been solved by applying psychology .
Humans are therefore of vital importance to the safety of engineering design processes .
Thus , instead of solely focusing on the technical problems , applying psychology would be another thing we need to give equal priority to in order to accidents .
In conclusion , there is adequate evidence showing that the use of psychology during the design process would have largely reduced the chance of the Chernobyl Accident , considering psychology could help to make people pay more attention to the importance of safety and consider the safety of the whole nuclear system in the design process .
Nevertheless , solely applying psychology during the design process would not have totally prevented the Chernobyl Accident , because there are other factors , such as , the cultural factor , that lead to the accident
It is confirmed by the UN ( WNA , 2009 ) that was one of the direct causes of the Chernobyl Accident .
Nowadays , the scarcity of energy has increasingly become a severe problem .
Compared with other kinds of power generation , nuclear energy is relatively cost competitive and eco-friendly .
among all the generation reactors , I believe the supercritical water reactor should be the most applicable for most countries , especially those developing countries without advanced technology and tremendous capital .
Firstly , the supercritical water reactor is not only very highly thermal efficient but also quite economical .
The construction cost of the supercritical water reactor is rather low .
Due to the simpler structure , many of the traditional Light Water Reactor components such as the coolant recirculation pumps , pressurizers , steam generators , and steam separators and dryers can be eliminated in the supercritical water reactors .
( Buongiorno & MacDonald , 2003 , p. 3 ) And as for material engineering , according to the corrosion and stress-corrosion cracking ( SCC ) susceptibility tests in supercritical water by scientists from MIT ( Massachusetts Institute of Technology ) and the University of Michigan ( McKinley , Teysseyre , Was , Mitton , Ki & Latanision , 2003 ) , two traditional austenitic steels ( 304L and 316L ) can be used as high temperature components in the SCWR .
On the other hand , as for the Very High Temperature reactor , big safety provisions have to be considered to ensure its stability under high temperatures and a multitude of coolants are needed .
Since the coolant for the VHTR is an inert gas such as Helium which is not recyclable , a lot of energy and money will be required to separate it from air .
Moreover , a large amount of money needs to be spent to design and develop new related materials which can bear high temperatures , high { neutron } [ HYPERLINK : http : //en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Neutron ] doses , and { corrosive } [ HYPERLINK : http : //en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Corrosion ] operating conditionsinside the VHT reactor ( IAEA 2004 ) .
In addition , it is very costly to build the VHTR because of its excessively complicated inner structure .
However , the SCWR can be installed not only within a shorter period but also by fewer workers , which will dramatically save the fixed costs of plant construction .
In the meantime , the supercritical water reactor also enjoys high thermal efficiency and a high energy conversion rate .
According to the SCWR annual report published by Jacopo Buongiorno and Philip E. MacDonald ( 2003 ) , about 45 % to 55 % of the heat generated by nuclear reactions can be transformed into electricity against 35 % efficiency for advanced LWRs .
Since the coolant is just supercritical water , at extreme pressure , above the critical point , steam and liquid into a single phase , which will convert more fission energy into electricity .
Moreover , compared with the VHTR , the SCWR is a one . Thus , it can produce more potentially usable fuel , which means less core material such as uranium would be consumed to produce the same quantities of electricity .
Lastly , compared with the VHTR , owing to its lower temperature , the SCWR needs less heat to trigger the reactions and keep the thermal inertia , which saves more energy but also .
Since the SCWR is a combination and expansion of the old Light Water Reactor and the fossil fuel fired boiler , which are commonly deployed and widely used around the world .
Thus the basic theories and technologies for the SCWR have been proven to be reliable for many years ( Yang & Zavaljevski , 2003 ) .
In contrast for VHTRs , not a similar plant has been built yet ( the first VHTR will be completed in 2020 ) , a lot of new and untested concepts still need be verified , which may cause reactors with more nondeterminacies to produce more unexpected problems .
Moreover , for the VHTR , a lot of technical challenges also remain to be settled .
However , since the SCWR 's simple and user-friendly design incorporates mostly mature technologies of the LWR it is more likely to be adapted soon by many countries , especially those developing countries without strong capital and mature technologies .
Moreover , by processing electricity , hydrogen can also be generated with electrolysis by the SCWR , which will support the development of the hydrogen industry in the following decades and make additional profits .
Different from Light Water Reactors used around the world today , the Super Critical Water Reactor is more likely to slow down and catch 'fast neutrons ' , which means it would burn less nuclear fuels in a more thorough way .
Thus , the time for breaking down nuclear wastes will be decades instead of millenniums after the SCWR is applied .
Further , compared with the VHTR , the primary and secondary coolant of the SCWR is the same supercritical water which can be relatively easy to get and recycle .
In addition , because of the super enthalpy of supercritical water , more energy will be transplanted but less unexpected by-products will be produced , which will certainly decrease the risk of contamination to the environment and enhance the integral efficiency of transplanting , which will effectually reduce carbon emissions by burning less fossil fuels .
The safety of the SCWR has been proven and can be bettered in the future .
Thanks to the improvement of the core design , less average core density will be required so that the possibility of devastating accidents such as the core melting down will become extremely slim . Moreover , because of the dedicated moderator of the SCWR , the boiling crisis of coolants under normal operating conditions can also be eliminated .
Since the SCWR safety system is comparable with that of the ABWR , scientists are now trying to combine the SCWR with ESBWR-type passive safety systems .
If they can be integrated together , the safety of the SCWR will be dramatically enhanced .
To conclude , although some technical issues of the Super Critical Water reactor are still being researched , I reckon that the SCWR would be the most promising reactor against other generation IV ones , in terms of performance , cost , feasibility , and impact on the environment .
With the development of science and technology , the SWCR will not only be able to efficiently produce clean energy but also significantly address the severe global warming challenge today .
( Butler , D 239 ) GIF 's criteria for including a nuclear reactor design for consideration include : sustainable energy , competitive energy , safe and reliable systems and proliferation resistance .
( " Very High Temperature Reactors " , section 5 ) The Very-High-Temperature Reactor ( VHTR ) is one of the six generation IV reactor concepts proposed by the GIF .
The VHTR requires an operating temperature of 1000oC and high pressure with helium being the coolant used .
( Butler , D 239 ) Critics have argued that the current nuclear plants in operation are susceptible to terrorist attacks and doubt that the plant is worth the high cost of funding .
All these critics are against the funding and development of nuclear power plants .
However , I strongly support further research and development funding of nuclear reactor plants .
This is because nuclear reactor plants have many advantages such as being able to produce both hydrogen fuel and a large amount of electricity from a small amount of fuel at the same time .
Ever since the 9/11 incident , protection of nuclear plants has been a heightened national priority.Yet , some anti-terror experts have commented that the current criteria do not protect the plant from a threat equal to the one posed by the 9/11 hijackers .
A report released by the Government Accountability Office even mentioned that it is critical of the Nuclear Regulatory Commission ( NRC ) , finding that the latter has not increased standards enough to ensure plants are genuinely secure , but only as much as industry officials believe is necessary .
One solution is the " Design Basis Threat " ( DBT ) which specifies the severity of the attacks that has to be prepared for .
The NRC requires each nuclear plant to periodically conduct security exercises to test its ability to fight against the DBT .
" par.9 ) In conclusion , the security of the plant is now sufficient to repel terrorists and therefore the funding of nuclear power plants should be supported .
The high cost of the funding for the development of nuclear plants has also met with much public discontentment .
In the USA , since its beginning , nuclear power has cost the country over $ 492 , 000 , 000 , 000 , which is nearly twice the cost of the Vietnam War and the Apollo Moon Missions combined .
No other industry has enjoyed such a privilege .
" par.3 ) The high cost of nuclear plants is transferred to the citizens so they have to pay more on utilities .
Hence , they reject the idea of funding nuclear plants .
On the other hand , many differ in opinion .
Therefore , nuclear power actually costs about the same as power generated from coal .
" ) This means that nuclear energy can be charged at an affordable price that is competitive to coal and gas .
In addition , nuclear energy , though expensive , can be produced in abundance to meet the ever increasing demand for energy .
In short , nuclear power plants should be funded as their benefits outweigh the shortcomings such as the high cost .
After the Chernobyl and Three Mile Island nuclear accidents , which took away many innocent lives due to the explosions as well as exposure to excessive radiation , people are now very concerned about the safety of nuclear plants .
In Texas , the citizens have again succeeded in opposing the development of two proposed nuclear reactors at the South Texas Project .
The opposition came about as the citizens are fearful that the environmental effects of radioactive compounds may lead to health problems if contamination or leakage was to occur .
( " Citizens Gain Ground in STP Intervention over Water Concerns Atomic Safety and Licensing Board Panel Admits Four Additional Water Related Contentions for a Hearing " ) However , there is evidence to support the claim that the safety aspect of nuclear plants are up to mark .
According to the World Association of Nuclear Operators ( WANO ) , performance indicators show that the U.S. nuclear plants have managed to sustain high levels of achievement in safety performance , industrial safety , unplanned automatic reactor shutdowns and programs to protect workers from radioactive exposure .
In conclusion , I support the notion of research and development of nuclear power plants .
Even though there may be problems and public opposition along the way , by bearing in mind three main factors , namely , the benefits of nuclear energy , the importance of a strong defence and most importantly , the importance of having a set of safety protocols , we are able to push the development of nuclear power to greater heights .
The world can expect the number of nuclear power plants to double by 2050 , spreading across the Middle East and Southeast Asia , particularly in China , India , South Korea , and Japan ( Butler , 2004 ) .
In 2008 , Kaplan ( 2008 ) reported that more than 40 developing countries have expressed their interest in launching nuclear power programs to United Nations officials .
Some argue that a nuclear reactor is too costly to build and that they should adopt other renewable energies instead of nuclear power ( Totty , 2008 ) , while others argue that developing countries do not have enough skilled labour to cope with the needs of building and operating nuclear reactors ( Squassoni , 2009 ) .
Although there is much opposition to the idea of building nuclear reactors in developing countries , there is some evidence that building nuclear reactors , such as the Generation IV reactors , yields positive outcomes for these countries .
Although proponents of nuclear reactors agree with the fact that the reactors are expensive to construct , they argue that it is comparatively inexpensive to operate because nuclear fuel accounts for only 27 % of the variable cost of a kilowatt-hour as compared to alternatives like natural gas which accounts for 85 % .
The Nobel Peace Prize laureate , Mohamed ElBaradei , proposed that these countries could alternatively construct hundreds of small-scale plants for a single town , each one built using a fraction of the cost used for a large-scale plant and without using expensive power grids ( Bullis , 2005 ) .
However , despite the fact that studies show that the use of solar and wind energy is more economical than nuclear energy , opponents completely ignore the limitations of these energies in producing electricity for the decades ahead ( Healthy Environment Alliance [ HEAL ] , n.d. ) .
Moreover , solar power is limited to daylight hours and there is no continuous supply of wind .
The International Energy Agency ( IEA ) forecasts that , even with continued subsidy and research , and a landscape full of solar panels and windmills , these renewable energies can generate only about 6 % of the world 's electricity by 2030 ( Silverio , 2008 ) .
As a result , opponents maintain that building nuclear reactors would not address the problem of unemployment ( Squassoni , 2009 ) .
In summary , developing countries should develop nuclear reactors for several reasons .
In addition , a new nuclear reactor design will only be approved if it presents a relatively lower construction cost .
Moreover , if developing countries have insufficient funds , they can approach AEHI for financial and labour support but an alternative way would be building smaller-scale plants without the need to use costly power grids and thus incur lower costs .
Besides that , developing countries like China and India have sufficient highly-skilled workers to contribute to the nuclear industry and the unemployment rate can also be reduced , as approximately 2400 jobs are made available in each new plant .
Therefore , in my opinion , developing countries should first provide huge funding to build generation IV reactors in order to combat unemployment and poverty in rural areas .
According to Butler ( 2009 ) , researchers have been pondering on whether to use nuclear funding for the development of generation ( IV ) reactors , which are projected to be better than the current generation ( II ) and ( III ) reactors , or to retain the nuclear funding for existing generation ( II ) and ( III ) reactors .
Moreover , for the generation ( IV ) reactors , there is a debate on whether to channel the funds for the research of SuperCritical water reactors ( SCWRs ) , which scientists have claimed would benefit mankind more in most aspects like cost and efficiency compared to the other five generation ( IV ) reactors .
Although there are reasons that seem to support the funding of the SCWR , the development of the SCWR should not be funded as there are other factors like economic and social feasibility to consider before we can conclude that the funding for the development of the SCWR should be approved .
One of the many reasons given to support the claim for SCWR funding is that the SCWR is a combination of two proven technologies , which are Light water moderated reactors ( LWRs ) and supercritical-water fossil plants ( Buoniorno , 2002 ) .
Supporters of the SCWR claim that the SCWR would have a reduced capital cost as a result of plant simplification and high thermal efficiency .
Although I concur with their view to a certain extent , they have overlooked the problem of the SCWR being capable of reaching the commercialization stage of an innovation ( Rogers , 2003 ) .
The likelihood of the SCWR reaching the commercialization stage is low because even though the SCWR is the combination of two proven technologies , research is still required to merge the two technologies together .
Furthermore , the simplification of the SCWR involves the usage of materials that are either expensive , rare , or do not exist ( Absolute astronomy , 2009 ) .
This reinforces the possibility that the SCWR can not enter the commercialization stage of innovation , proving that there should not be funding for the development of the SCWR .
Another reason proponents give is that the SCWR uses water which is cheap and easily obtainable as a coolant ( Butler , 2009 ) .
In addition , supporters of the SCWR also state that the SCWR takes up less space than current Generation ( II ) and ( III ) Reactors ( MacDonald , 2003 ) .
I have to acquiesce to the two points raised by the supporters of the SCWR .
However , these two arguments do not consider that both water and space are vital to mankind .
Although water is easily obtained and affordable , only 1 % out of the 97 % water available is usable ( West , 2007 ) .
This implies that funding should not be channeled for the development of the SCWR .
Instead , funds could be directed to the development of the Very High Temperature Reactor ( VHTR ) which utilizes helium which is not important for human survival as helium is not found in the human body ( The Encyclopedia of Earth , 2008 ) .
In addition , although the land required to build the SCWR is less than for the existing reactors , the area needed to build a new SCWR would be better utilized as area for agriculture instead , especially in the future .
It is projected that in the year 2050 , there could be 9.2 billion people in the world ( BBC , 2009 ) .
Therefore , there should not be funding for the development of the SCWR as the SCWR utilizes two key ingredients for human survival .
The last reason that advocates funding for the development of the SCWR is that the building of the SCWR could generate desirable jobs for the society ( Nuclear Energy Institute , 2009 ) .
According to the Nuclear Energy Institute , the operation of a nuclear plant generates 400 to 700 permanent jobs and these jobs offer a salary that is 36 percent higher than average jobs .
Although this may be beneficial to society , after the completion of the construction of a nuclear plant , there would be job losses involved .
During the construction of a new nuclear plant , around 1400 to as high as 2400 jobs are created .
This indicates that a job loss of around 1500 will be incurred .
Furthermore , the 400 to 700 jobs require personnel that are highly skilled which developing countries are unlikely to supply .
Therefore , the validity of generating desirable jobs needs to be redefined .
After considering both sides of the arguments , it is evident that there should not be funding for the development of the SCWR as there are more shortcomings than benefits .
The first consideration is that the funding for the development of the SCWR should be channeled to more pressing needs like eliminating poverty and food shortage .
Next , the possibility of the SCWR surviving the commercialization stage is low .
Lastly , the benefits that the researchers had predicted are not totally beneficial to humans ,
thereby indicating that there should not be funding for the SCWR .
Thirdly , most people 's impression of nuclear energy is that it is too expensive and inefficient .
Even a small amount of uranium ( the main source of nuclear energy ) will generate a large mass of energy to run nuclear power plants .
Achieving an all-time high rate of efficiency will greatly reduce cost and time while satisfying the demands of the people .
Currently , there are around 440 nuclear power reactors generating one-sixth of the electricity of the world
They are a proven success in generating energy so it is worthwhile investing in such a technology for the sake of meeting future energy demand .
Subsequently , various groups of experts from the nuclear and chemical industries investigated the the case , and some of them came to the conclusion that the most effective way to prevent such a catastrophe from happening again lay in the enhancement of the psychological education of people , whereas others insisted that the main problem was actually failures in the design of the plant , and the accident could hardly be simply regarded as a psychological issue .
Those against the psychological point of view further claimed that even if the human factors had all been removed through psychological approaches , accidents still stood a chance of happening .
They concluded that the actual primary causes of the 1986 accident was nothing but engineering factors , and permanent avoidance of such accidents could only be achieved through more advanced technological development .
According to the author of 'Psychology and design process ' ( Wilpert , 2007 ) , the human mind 's deficiency is the basic reason behind an accident .
He thinks that disastrous consequences can be avoided or at least minimized with the help of psychological education , and if psychological aids are provided throughout the whole engineering progress , during item processing , structure designing , team managing , and even decision making , the Chernobyl disaster could be essentially avoided .
In my point of view , I am supportive of the idea that human factors ' impacts overwhelmed all other factors in the Chernobyl accident .
The report by the International Nuclear Safety Advisory Group ( INSAG ) ( 1992 ) states that the three components of reactor protection , which referred to the Emergency Core Cooling System ( ECCS ) , the trip on steam drum water level , and the 'two turbine ' trips , had been disabled .
The disabling was not prohibited under normal conditions , but a test was being carried out that day , and thus special approval should have been obtained for the disabling of the three components .
In addition , the required test power level had not been achieved , and the reactor was operating only at half power then .
Moreover , whenever a problem in the engineering process occurs , such as in the case when the engineering process was unable to perform according to the plan , the whole system should have been ceased immediately for a thorough re-evaluation .
However , in the 1986 Chernobyl incident , the operators did not stop but tried to modify the condition on the spot ( the International Nuclear Safety Advisory Group , 1992 ) .
In sum , psychological aids are urgently required to educate high-risk-system operational teams on a large scale , to call their attention to operational safety .
The disaster could have been totally avoided if at least one of the operators had had a sense of operational safety .
Secondly , the design faults of the reactor account for a considerable proportion of the causes of the accident .
For example , the void coefficient of reactivity was positive , while the value should be negative in the document to ensure the system 's stability .
In addition , the speed of activation of emergency protection was too slow ; to be specific , it was ten times slower than the normal configuration .
Some people argue that those design errors reveal immature techniques , and thus there is no way to have avoided such mistakes by means of psychological education .
Therefore , they believe that even though could probably have removed human factors psychologically , the hardware technical problems would still have triggered similar accidents by themselves .
Granted technical faults sometimes and constrain the effectiveness of psychological education , however , the engineering deficiencies in this case were actually design errors ; in other words , they were probably manual errors due to carelessness or misses of considerations .
The use of psychology provides an approach , or at least fraction of the box , so that we can see what goes on in designers ' heads , and thus prevent or at least minimize the design errors ( Wilpert , 2007 ) .
Last but not least , the political factor is another primary factor we can not ignore .
The political conflict , military tension , and economic competition with the United States urged the Soviet Union to produce as much weapons-grade plutonium as possible and also as soon as possible ( FROT , 2000 ) .
In that political environment , the safety issues tended to be ignored ; to make it worse , rigorous demands such as having to fulfil large orders with limited time for production and a low budget was given priority .
Such political circumstances changed the nature of the design process , and consequently , loosened the safety regulations .
In this case , to be concerned about safety first instead of pursuing political advantages .
Based on my analysis of the Chernobyl accident , it is evident that the disaster was totally the result of a series of human factors instead of purely hardware fault .
In recognizing the three main problems as the operators ' unawareness , designers ' misses of considerations and politicians ' arbitrariness , psychological aid should be highly appreciated as an efficient way to minimize human errors , and thus to prevent such an accident from happening again .
With the increasing demand for energy and the rapid depletion of currently available energy resources , nations are now trying to look for new , alternative ways of energy generation .
Presently , thirteen countries have come together to set goals on nuclear energy generation research on six reactor designs , namely the gas-cooled fast reactor , the lead-cooled fast reactor , the sodium-cooled reactor , the molten salt reactor , the supercritical-water-cooled reactor and the very-high-temperature reactor .
The conceptual design of the VHTR will be the first to be defined and optimized by the year 2015 ( OECD Nuclear Energy Agency , 2009 ) , although the LFR is , judging from the existing schemes , more feasible because of its low costs and good security features .
In comparison with the VHTR , I feel the LFR has more advantages and is a better reactor design and thus deserves more research .
Both the LFR and the VHTR have their advantages and disadvantages over the other in terms of performance .
The VHTR will be operating at temperatures of 900 to 1000 degrees Celsius .
This high outlet temperature allows it to be highly efficient ( > 50 % ) in energy generation and also gives it the ability to produce hydrogen ( OECD Nuclear Energy Agency , 2009 ) .
Even though the LFR is estimated to have a comparatively lower efficiency in energy generation than the VHTR ( Chapin et al. , 2004 ) , it is more suitable in certain countries due to its flexibility in its scale of operation .
Currently , the reactor is envisioned to have 2 sizes : a small transportable system of 50 to 150 MWe and a medium system of 300 to 600 MWe
( OECD Nuclear Energy Agency , 2009 ) . The small system design will be useful for providing energy for developing countries and remote communities due to its size
( Idaho National Laboratory , 2007 ) . Moreover , research studies have shown that the LFR will also be able to generate hydrogen ( Bouchard et al , 2008 ) .
Hence , it is evident that though the LFR is predicted to be poorer in terms of efficiency as compared to the VHTR , the LFR seems more useful and suitable for many countries due to its other features .
the projected cost of building a prototype of the VHTR reactor is around $ 1.1 billion ( Butler , 2004 ) .
In addition , the reactor will be using helium as a coolant , which is costly as helium is a rare gas in the atmosphere .
On the other hand , it is roughly estimated that the smaller plant of the LFR can be designed , constructed and operated for 15 years for less than $ 700 million .
In addition , the development of the small LFR will incur smaller research and demonstration costs , since the technology base can be applied to later LFR concepts when building larger reactors
( Idaho National Laboratory , 2007 ) . Thus , on the whole , it seems that lead-cooled fast reactors are much cheaper to build than VHTRs .
Lastly , the LFR 's operation methods seem safer and more secure than those of the VHTR .
At such high temperatures , there is a higher possibility of a dangerous melt-down of the reactor .
Furthermore , the amount of nuclear waste that will be generated is greater than that generated by the LFR ( OECD Nuclear Energy Agency , 2009 ) .
the chance of a melt-down of an LFR reactor will be far lower as the operating temperature is only around 550 degrees Celsius ( OECD Nuclear Energy Agency , 2009 ) .
Moreover , as its fuel cycle is closed , there is no need for an offsite emergency response system - the system will shut down without spreading radioactive materials .
Therefore , the LFR seems a safer reactor as compared to the VHTR .
Hence , there are still uncertainties in the features of the reactors ; it is not certain that the LFR will still have these advantages over the VHTR after the completion of the designs of the plants .
However , after looking at the advantages the LFR has over the VHTR in theory , I believe that the LFR will be a better reactor than the VHTR with its predicted flexibility in its scale of operation , low cost and better security .
Hence , more funds should be allocated towards the research of the LFR .
Within the past half century , two major accidents at the Chernobyl and the Three Mile Island nuclear power plants have caused the public to have a negative view of the operation of nuclear reactors and also , the future of nuclear energy generation .
Presently , the most common energy source , which is coal-fired power generator , has been causing detrimental effects on the environment by releasing tremendous amounts of greenhouse gases and subsequently causing a rise in global warming .
In 2001 , the Generation IV International Forum introduced six different generation IV nuclear reactor concepts which had been designed in such a way that when accidents occur , the damage will be contained ( Butler , 2004 ) .
This accident , especially , had caused many to oppose the nuclear power system as they feel that the extent of damage incurred by such systems would be massive and unacceptable .
For example , the accident which occurred on the Three Mile Island did not involve any deaths or injuries as the radioactive particles were successfully contained within the reactor itself ( Yousefzadeh , 2007 ) .
This simply shows that with advanced technology , even if an accident-free nuclear plant may never be achieved , at least the technology incorporated into the reactor system would be able to ensure that radiation is contained in times of accidents .
Hence , with more funding directed towards the research and development of the LFR , it may one day become one of the safest forms of energy generator .
Critics also claim that nuclear power plants and nuclear waste can be potential terrorist targets as a great extent of damage can be done when the plants are attacked or exploited .
Another factor to be considered is the sustainability of the LFR .
Critics of nuclear energy claim that nuclear energy generation produces a large amount of radioactive waste products and eventually , storage spaces will run out , making nuclear energy unsustainable .
With this reprocessing feature in LFRs , uranium and plutonium , which make up 96 % of the nuclear waste , can be extricated and reused in the reactor ( Butler , 2004 ) .
In addition , nuclear reprocessing also increases the efficiency of the usage of uranium and hence makes nuclear power a sustainable source of energy .
Moreover , lead is abundant ( The Lead-cooled Fast Reactor , n.d. ) , and uranium resources can last us for the next 250 years or so ( Wider et al. , 2005 ) , making the LFR an excellent reactor in terms of sustainability .
In conclusion , the LFR has much to offer to mankind especially in terms of safety , security , sustainability as well as environmental effects .
The LFR is a nuclear energy reactor that is environmentally friendly with zero greenhouse gas emission .
The public has been concerned about the danger of radiation leaks from nuclear plants , especially after the Chernobyl incident in 1986 when the massive radiation exposure directly caused approximately 250 deaths ( WHO , 2005 ) .
The US administration , though , has recognized the potential of nuclear energy and has committed US $ 40 million to support research and development ( R&D ) for Next Generation Nuclear Plants ( NGNPs ) ( DOE , 2009 ) .
The very-high-temperature-reactor ( VHTR ) , with and the extensive R&D conducted on it , has been selected over other reactor concepts such as the supercritical-water-cooled-reactor ( SCWR ) as the reactor choice for the US ' next generation nuclear power plants ( DOE , 2008 ) .
Federal funding should be channeled for the R & D of the VHTR concept as it promises enhanced safety and inherent security designs , in addition to a highly efficient production process .
The slow but fatal effects of radiation have made radiation leaks from nuclear reactors a major safety concern among the public .
The inert nature of helium means it will not react with the radioactive materials of the VHTR to become radioactive , eliminating a source of radiation in the event of a coolant leak ( CHM333 , 2007 ) .
Another safety feature of the VHTR is the use of uranium fuel pellets multi-coated with graphite .
These reinforced pellets are extremely heat resistant and do not crack easily , so even in the case of a meltdown , the uranium pellets will be able to retain the radiation and fission products within its core with minimal release to the surroundings ( CHM333 , 2007 ) .
In addition , unlike traditional reactors , the VHTR is designed to minimize fissionable material in its spent fuel by running the fuel pellets through the reactors for consecutive cycles until its fissionable material is exhausted .
However , NGNPs are not only capable of generating electricity like coal and gas power plants , they can also simultaneously produce hydrogen ( GIF , 2008 ) .
Hydrogen fuel cells have been identified as the energy source of the future , so the capability to produce hydrogen gives NGNPs an edge over existing coal and gas plants .
Moreover , the high operating temperature of the VHTR also results in higher fuel burn-up ratio of the fissionable materials in the uranium pellets ( DOE , 2008 ) .
With its highly efficient fuel burn-up , NGNPs will have a lower carbon footprint than coal and gas technology and at the same time , having less radioactive material remaining in the spent pellets reduces the amount of radioactive waste to be treated , improving the overall process economy .
However , additional funding for the VHTR will only be available if both the US government and the public can be convinced about the viability of NGNPs replacing coal and gas power plants as the main supplier of US electricity .
To achieve this , the VHTR has to stay on track through sustained R&D work in the coming years so that it can meet its expected delivery deadline in 2020 ( Butler , 2004 ) .
The world is encountering an unprecedented challenge which requires urgent global action to prevent the risks of climate change ( Stern , 2008 ) .
To do so , the global greenhouse gas emissions have to be reduced by half relative to 1990 by 2050 , which means to reduce to less than 10 Gigatonnes of emissions ( Stern , 2008 ) .
Many countries rely on fossil fuels as their source of energy and fossil fuel is known to be the major contributor of greenhouse gases .
In the United States alone , greenhouse gas emissions mainly come from the burning of fossil fuels for energy use .
Energy- related carbon dioxide emissions from the combustion of petroleum , coal , and natural gas contributed to eighty-two percent of total U.S. anthropogenic greenhouse gas emissions in 2006 ( Energy Information Administration , 2008 ) .
By using the very high temperature reactor ( VHTR ) , hydrogen can be used as the fuel of the future to replace fossil fuels .
In addition , more electricity will be produced with the help of the VHTR .
Therefore , for a better environment to live in , countries should support further research and provide large funding for the development of the VHTR even though the public is concerned with the cost and security of the VHTR .
VHTR plants are able to produce hydrogen for fuel using high-temperature steam electrolysis , which breaks apart the bonds of water molecules ; this process is 50 percent more energy-efficient as compared to existing hydrogen production methods ( Svoboda , 2009 ) .
However , until now , there is still no material that can withstand the high temperatures and pressures required for the VHTR to operate , and even if such materials are found , they might add millions of dollars to the still- unknown cost of constructing a VHTR power plant ( Svoboda , 2009 ) .
and so they need to be involved in achieving global emission reductions .
1.6 billion people in the developing countries do not have excess to electricity so they have to end their day earlier than those in richer countries due to lack of proper lighting ( Bradley , 2009 ) .
With the VHTR , developing countries will be able to meet their energy demand and will thus lift millions of people out of poverty .
Therefore , similar to those rich countries , developing countries should also provide funding for the development of the VHTR .
In addition , INL researchers also believe that nuclear energy will be important in maintaining the nation 's electricity supply as ( Svoboda , 2009 ) .
However , given memories of the partial reactor meltdown in 1979 at Three Mile Island , Pennsylvania and of the 1986 accident at Chernobyl in Ukraine , during which the reactor core exploded , killing some 31 people instantly and spreading radioactive debris across Europe ( Butler , 2004 ) , the public is concerned about the safety of the VHTR .
However , in actual fact , the VHTR is able to function without having to rely on the reprocessing of plutonium waste ( Butler , 2004 ) .
Nuclear reactors would then become less of a terrorist target .
The VHTR also has safety features to prevent core overheating and the release of radioactive material , in hope that these new approaches will eventually erase the memory of Three Mile Island and Chernobyl ( Svoboda , 2009 ) .
Therefore , countries should provide funding for research and development of the VHTR .
Building of the VHTR means that countries will no longer need to depend on fossil fuels as a source of energy and the emission of greenhouse gases will also be greatly reduced .
Generating sufficient hydrogen to totally replace gasoline for transport purposes would mean building more than four hundred nuclear power plants , ( Butler , 2004 ) .
It is evident that countries should proceed with the research and development of the VHTR .
Developing countries should also invest in the development of the VHTR as satisfying their energy demand is essential for their economic growth .
Nevertheless , the world has always been concerned about the safety and security issues of nuclear reactors .
Thus , researchers have come up with generation four reactor concepts , hoping to ease the public 's worries .
I personally support the molten salt reactor concept for further research and development based on the following factors : safe operation of the plant , global security and cost efficiency .
Radioactive emissions can come from nuclear explosions or nuclear wastes .
An explosion of the nuclear reactor not only affects the people on site but also millions of others kilometres away .
An explosion of a nuclear reactor occurs due to either excessively high temperature or excessively high pressure .
Nevertheless , Forsberg ( 2006 ) states that the MSR has a strong negative temperature coefficient .
Thus , when there is an increase in temperature , the fuel-salt density will reduce and push fuel out of the reactor core into critically safe , passively cooled tanks .
This will prevent overheating which leads to explosions .
According to Forsberg ( 2006 ) , the final nuclear waste from the molten salt reactor can be solidified to a stable form , thus ensuring that it does not emit radioactivity .
He also added that MSRs operate at a steady-state condition , with minimum excess nuclear reactivity .
Besides safety issues , the security of the nuclear reactors is another point brought up by critics .
The location of a nuclear reactor is to terrorists an ideal bombing target .
In addition , in molten salt reactors , plutonium , a key ingredient of advanced nuclear weapons , is actually created during the process before it is reprocessed .
Critics fear that the plutonium might be stolen by terrorists to make nuclear weapons .
However , Idaho National Laboratory ( 2005 ) claims that the plutonium remains in the salt and has high critical mass that makes it less desirable for use in weapons .
According to Butler ( 2004 ) , supporters are also positive that the plutonium obtained can be spiked with other chemicals or elements to make it to steal .
This further supports the need for research and development on molten salt reactors .
As for , the World Nuclear Association ( 2008 ) states that the basis of the design of the reactors assumes these threats .
Having to incorporate all the safety and security measures makes the cost efficiency of the nuclear power plant another concern .
The World Nuclear Association ( 2009 ) states that the cost of nuclear power generation has declined since the 1990s .
They also show statistics proving that although the construction cost of nuclear reactors is significantly higher , once the reactors are built , the nuclear generation cost is comparable to other energy sources .
In addition , Thornley ( 2009 ) claims that as compared to other energy sources , nuclear energy has the highest average capacity factor .
Taking the MSR as an example , previous designs for the MSR used steam cycles for electrical production .
The current proposal uses the Brayton cycle which has advantages such as lower cost and improved efficiency .
However , the MSR uses fluoride salt , which is more corrosive at high temperatures .
Thus , there are doubts about whether the MSR is a good choice .
Nevertheless , there is currently the carbon-based material which , according to Forsberg ( 2006 ) , is compatible with molten salt at high temperatures .
In conclusion , I have to agree that the molten salt reactor is not perfect , but the benefits of the molten salt reactor outweigh the cons and supporters are optimistic about finding solutions to the problems , showing their potential .
Thus , I support the further research and development of the molten salt reactor .
A serious train calamity took place in Eschede on 3 June 1998 and claimed the lives of 101 innocent people while 88 were left severely injured ( Sckhman , 1998 ) .
At hindsight , it seems that this whole accident could have been prevented if more precautionary measures had been taken into consideration .
The numerous controversies over the actual cause of this accident revolve around the unsuitable design of the wheel , the inability and misconception of the conductor , the inadequate train repairs and the company guidelines for investigating the accident before addressing an issue .
After reviewing this accident , some experts have felt that incorporating a psychologist into the developmental process could have aided in preventing it .
Nevertheless , the psychologist could have contributed to the design process by reducing the rate of accidents .
A point to argue about is regarding the wheel design .
The train company , InterCity Expss ( ICE ) , had received complaints regarding the original train wheels causing serious resonance and tremors whilst travelling at high velocity .
It is evident that had the engineers waited for the approval of the new wheels before , this accident might not have happened .
Company policy stated that thorough examinations had to be done before taking any necessary action .
This led to the conductor refusing to stop the train even after a passenger raised concern regarding a damaged coach .
In addition , even after the conductor had verified the problem , he still refused to stop the train and insisted on adhering to company regulations .
It is shocking to realize that this unique policy that ICE complies with differs from the traditional 'stop and examine ' one .
This accident could perhaps have been averted if the conductor had used his personal judgment and halted the train when an unexpected problem was discovered .
It must have been pressure from the organizational management that made the conductor follow ICE orders and refuse to do what was right i.e .
In part , it can be said that the cause of the accident was ICE for forming this rule and the conductor 's erroneous judgment .
After conducting a root cause analysis on the accident , a psychologist could perhaps have aided the company by vetting the flawed regulations to grant train conductors the power to make an assessment to stop the train should they receive any complaints from passengers .
Yet another point is a simple fault found in the train 's wheel .
This proves that checks were only conducted on the external structure of the train and not on the internal hardware and sustainability of the wheels to support the train 's weight .
The aid from a psychologist in this aspect would have been limited as it deals with technical equipment and the views of psychological design would not have been implemented in this field .
Instead , it was various factors working together to create a chain reaction which led to the dire consequences .
In this train accident , the problems began from the preliminary wheel design that design engineers came up with , to the insufficient maintenance of trains and the operation mode ICE used .
The aid from a psychologist would have been inadequate in preventing the accident as the majority of the causes for this accident dealt with technical aspects that psychologists do not have experience in .
However , the psychologist could have contributed to the intangible aspects of the company 's routine like spotting the mistakes engineers sometimes overlook .
Hence , with the help of psychology design , the rates of accidents may reduce drastically .
Public opposition regarding the issue of nuclear technology has been evident ever since the Chernobyl and Three Mile accidents .
People are mostly concerned about public health and safety caused by radioactive exposures .
Unfortunately , .
In addition , nuclear waste repositories require geological isolation .
On the other hand , the concept of fourth generation nuclear power addresses the issue of .
They are capable of combusting nuclear waste and leaving a minimal volume of waste with insignificant half-lives , thus addressing the nuclear waste problem .
The coolant comprises a molten salt .
The concept of the MSR involves nuclear fuel dissolved in the molten fluoride salt as uranium tetra fluoride .
Thus , the MSR has the ability to work at high temperatures , at low pressures and at high power densities .
At higher temperatures , most of the reactor heat can then be transformed into electricity which ensures complete combustion of the uranium fuel .
Operating at lower pressures reduces accident risk and in the event of an accident .
The MSR can be air-cooled , making it capable of using waste heat for water desalination .
The turbines have also excellent thermodynamic efficiency due to the relatively high temperature it functions at .
Fission products are removed and new fuel is added to portions of the fuel at a time , drastically reducing the cost operating the MSR .
The Obama administration was initially opposed to the idea of the Yucca Mountain nuclear repository .
The amount of money needed to build a nuclear repository isolated away from civilization cost up to $ 25billion .
There are better methods of using this sum of money collected from taxes from its people to solve the waste disposal problem .
Accelerated development of MSRs will result in the US successfully managing the nuclear waste problem and revolutionizing an entire new level of carbon-free energy that can last longer than just centuries .
Furthermore , MSRs are up to 300 times more fuel-efficient compared to LWRs .
They actually provide a bit more than what most scientists expect from fusion as an MSR can be built in small 1.2MW electric units .
A 7.4 MW thermal reactor was built in the 1960s and operated for years , .
MSRs are also much more efficient than helium-cooled Very High Temperature Reactors ( VHTRs ) operating at similar conditions , in terms of electricity conversion .
Materials used for these reactors require high dimensional stability and most importantly corrosion-resistance , due to the molten salt of MSRs being corrosive itself .
Some materials that are suitable include nickel-base super alloys , silicon carbide , specific grades of graphite and refractory alloys , which are expensive in nature .
Hence , the cost of operation will not be as price-friendly as claimed .
Nevertheless , the introduction of MSRs still deserves strong support as they are likely to prove to be the best solution for improving energy efficiency and developing renewable energies .
Prompt development of MSRs is especially required for countries such as China and India .
These countries are unable to satisfy their energy needs solely based on the current available avenues for energy sources .
In conclusion , nuclear energy from fourth generation nuclear reactors is the best substitution for coal and natural gas .
We have already crossed the threshold of acceptable greenhouse gas emission levels .
Thus , preventing accelerated climate change beyond human control is of the greatest priority .
According to a study done by the Sunssex Energy Group based in the University of Sussex , the world 's fossil fuel supply is currently dwindling and will be running out within the next 20 years ( Walker , 2009 ) .
Moreover , the increasing emission of carbon dioxide from the burning of fossil fuel has been proven to be one of the factors causing climate change ( Jager , n.d. ) .
However , there remains doubt of the safety of nuclear reactors ' operation and hence , the public might not fully .
In order to make the nuclear reactor safer , cleaner and cheaper , the Generation IV International Forum ( GIF ) was established in mid 2001 to further research the III generation nuclear reactors .
In late 2002 the GIF announced the six best reactor technologies which they believe will become the future nuclear reactors .
The six technologies are the Very High Temperature Reactor ( VTHR ) , the Super-Critical Water-Cooled Reactor ( SCWR ) , the Molten Salt Reactor ( MSR ) , the Gas-Cooled Fast Reactor ( GFR ) , the Sodium-Cooled Fast Reactor ( SFR ) , and the Lead-Cooled Fast Reactor ( LFR ) .
The few paragraphs below explain why you should support further research and development on the super-critical water-cooled reactor ( SCRW ) in terms of safety , security and performance .
The first reason is the safety of the super-critical water-cooled reactor ( SCWR ) .
The working temperature is about 510-550K and the pressure is 25MPa ( Butler , 2004 ) . many people may feel shocked at the high operating temperature and pressure of this reactor .
They will argue that the pressure vessel wall can not withstand such a high pressure and the high working temperature will melt the core .
They worry that the will replay the accidents on the Three Mile Island on March 28 , 1979 and at Chernobyl on April 26 , 1986 ( " Nuclear Disasters and Accidents " ) .
However , with the growth of modern technology , the SCWR has been designed with the pressure-tube design .
The success of this design eliminates the need for a thick wall vessel and minimizes the risks of explosion of nuclear reactors .
Furthermore , in this design the separation of coolant and moderator is introduced as part of a passive heat-removal system to minimize the consequences of accident scenarios where active cooling may not be available .
Decay heat will be removed through radiation and convection from distributed channels during accidents , and consequently fuel melting in the core will be prevented .
As a result , this design improves the safety of the SCWR .
The second reason are security issues such as nuclear proliferation .
Nuclear power leads to potential security risks , as plutonium has to be separated out during the reprocessing of nuclear energy production .
Although the U.S.A. has decided to dump all the plutonium waste at Yucca Mountain , the government never mentioned the level of safety that can be achieved .
Consequently , the public claims that nuclear power wastes create a high degree of proliferation risks and until today there is no solution for it .
Among the six generation IV nuclear technologies , only the SCWR and the VHTR do not require waste recycling .
In the super-critical water-cooled reactor ( SCWR ) system the waste recycling is optional , which means that the SCWR can operate without having to depend on the contentious reprocessing of plutonium waste ( Butler , 2004 ) .
In conclusion , this technology is free of proliferation risks .
The SCWR is considered one of the most promising future nuclear reactors because of its high thermal efficiency .
The use of the multi-pass flows system in the SCWR allows the production of process heat on demand and improves the thermal efficiency .
Moreover , the distributed fuel channels in the SCWR allow the system to optimize fuel bundles into each channel .
Thus , an appropriate fuel cycle , flow , cladding temperature and independent power distribution can be achieved , which ensures the stable and predictable performance of the reactors .
In conclusion , the super-critical water-cooled reactor ( SCWR ) has been proven to be cleaner , safer and better performing as compared with the generation III nuclear reactors .
In addition , to reduce the emission of carbon dioxide from burning fossil fuel , we should now support further research and development for the super-critical water reactor ( SCWR ) .
The super-critical water-cooled reactor is the best future reactor to generate sufficient energy to fulfill the energy needs of the public .
Commercial plants in use today use nuclear fission reactions , which is a result of a large molecule breaking into smaller fragments .
Nuclear fusion reactions are believed to be much safer than fission reactions and appear potentially viable , though technically it is difficult for them to take place .
The atomic bombs dropped on the island of Hiroshima and Nagasaki in Japan during the Second World War and the Chernobyl nuclear plant that caused two explosions in 1986 have raised eyebrows about the devastating effects of nuclear energy .
The Chernobyl disaster , especially , exposed millions of people to radioactive chemicals and has been linked to many forms of cancer in Eastern Europe and Russia , as well as destroyed animals and plants .
These two incidents have highlighted the power of nuclear energy , which has caused so much controversy as to whether it is a liability or a source of energy to the world .
In this way , nuclear power has become an independent source of energy to meet the rising energy demand of a country and an increasingly growing global population .
These new plants will operate at high temperatures to improve their efficiency and they will include simplified safety features that rely on non sophisticated back up systems to eradicate any problems .
As much as there are many positive reasons to use nuclear power , many people still have their doubts about this source of energy , mainly due to the fact that they remember the infamous Chernobyl incident and the atomic bombs of World War Two .
The consequences of an accident would be absolutely devastating for both humans and nature , have been the case in the past .
No atomic energy plant in the world could withstand an attack similar to the infamous 9/11 incident .
Nuclear energy uses uranium , which is a scarce resource , as a form of energy .
Theoretically , the supply of uranium is expected to last for about 50-60 years .
It is a unique blend of technical , economic , political and military interests .
Nowadays , the issue of nuclear power is being discussed frequently .
Nuclear power is a new energy source and has a lot of potential to be discovered and explored .
According to Declan Butler ( 2004 ) , nuclear power will not release the greenhouse gas carbon dioxide , and global energy demands are predicted to double by 2050 . Therefore , the nuclear option has now become a viable alternative to be considered .
However , there are many uncertainties regarding safety in the processes found in nuclear power plants .
Many accidents and tragedies have happened .
Studies ( Recently in Nuclear Accidents Category , n.d. ) state that in 2008 , there was a plutonium leak at the Austrian IAEA Facility and a uranium leak at France 's Tricastin Nuclear Facility .
In 2009 , a fire broke out in Unit 1 of Ukraine 's Rivne Nuclear Power Plant .
Although these accidents did not cause any people to die , it reminded people that nuclear power is not as safe as people think .
One system-the Emergency Response Information System ( ERIS ) - has hence been developed to enhance the safety .
When something happens , the system will function immediately to respond to the incident and therefore adequately save the nuclear workers and the general public .
However , in some aspects , this system still has many defects in terms of its feasibility and performance .
In carrying out the ERIS , many training courses and regular exercises are essential in order to make the nuclear worker able to deal with radiation leaks or other accidents .
These essential courses and exercises will cost a lot of money to carry out .
Besides the cost of training , money is also needed for introducing advanced technology skills as well as modern facilities and equipment into the nuclear power plants .
This is a big amount and thus needs a consortium to raise .
However , there are many obstacles and contradictions in finding a big consortium to raise these funds .
Hence , the ERIS is not feasible enough to be carried out .
In order to provide quick and effective response to any nuclear emergency , this system requires a complete round-the-clock operation centre ( E.Asculai and H.E .
There must be a very close connection between each stage of the system 's operations in order for the system to perform well when incidents happen .
Even at midnight , there must still be workers to monitor the system to ensure that the system is functional for 24 hours .
Furthermore , most of the public are ignorant and do not have much knowledge regarding this system .
In addition , the government should also have good coordination with the nuclear power plants regarding safety issues and be very clear of what they should do with this system when an accident happens .
Although this system is efficient to protect people when incidents suddenly happen , nobody can give a 100 % guarantee that this system will perform well as this system consists of many operation stages and requires a wide range of people to monitor it .
Thus , what is the most efficient design to enhance the safety of nuclear power plants ?
No one can design the most efficient system to enhance such safety .
They claim that other than the problems of cost and performance , this system is still very important and functional when nuclear accidents happen .
This system is believed to be the best system so far to protect nuclear workers and the public rather than other methods such as probabilistic safety assessment because the ERIS is more practical protecting people directly after an incident happens .
To sum up , the Emergency Response Information System is a effective system that protects the public if an incident happens .
However , it has to be improved on and developed more in-depth to ensure its safety and enhance its feasibility .
The countries that are developing this nuclear power ( only five countries-China , France , Russia , the United Kingdom and the United States ) must make good use of the nuclear power as the energy source for people 's daily use .
Therefore , developing a design to enhance the safety of nuclear power plants becomes a long-term project of the world .
Consequently , the nuclear power source will be extensively used by the public .
Mankind has been exploring various methods of obtaining high energy output to sustain the usage of energy supply for our daily lives , resulting in the expansion of the energy supply industry .
However , this promise is notably associated with the technologies , the costs and the precise features , which were not yet known with high precision then .
There are various reasons leading to why expansion of nuclear power has faced problems through the years , such as the public 's objection ( Butler , 2004 ) .
For instance , the Very-high- temperature reactors in the generation IV reactor concept ( Butler , 2004 ) , which still requires further development in the aspect of safety at this stage , is rather .
For instance , the Chernobyl accident is still causing deaths years after the accident , with victims mainly dying from cancer caused by exposure to radiation from the highly radioactive waste products released after the massive steam explosion , which occurred due to system flaws , and a second non-nuclear explosion ( International Atomic Energy Agency , 2006 ) .
A 2005 report entitled The Chernobyl Forum , prepared by the International Atomic Energy Agency and World Health Organization , attributed 56 direct deaths and estimated over thousands more deaths among the most highly exposed people .
Another example is the Three Mile Island accident , which occurred due to a partial core meltdown in one of its units ( Corey , n.d. ) .
The above examples illustrate the potential dangers of nuclear power due to its explosive and radioactive characteristics .
The radiation coming from the nuclear wastes will not only produce instant harm , but also a long-term effect on residents in affected areas , spreading across generations .
Keeping that in mind , the gas-cooled fast reactor , one of the generation IV reactor concepts , which requires research on irradiation- resistance material , .
Furthermore , the need for research on heat resistance material and security in the various generation IV reactor concepts is also worrying in terms of the possibilities of nuclear accidents in the future .
Secondly , arguments are that nuclear power is the best alternative because of the characteristic of not producing combustion-related air- pollutants that will lead to global warming , and because of the huge power supply it provides .
In addition , nuclear power uses uranium , which is a scarce resource that is only expected to last for another 30 to 60 years , as fuel .
Therefore , uranium will soon deplete and we will need to search for a new form of energy supply .
Thus , the huge amount of funds pumped into research and development on nuclear power , which will not support us for the long run , is not cost-effective .
Moreover , renewable energy technologies are now expanding faster than nuclear power technologies ( Natural Resources Defense Council , 2007 ) .
They are equally environmentally-friendly and the depleting of resources for renewable energy is of no worry since the reactants are renewable .
Last of all , one of the most promising and nerve-racking reasons is the risk of development of nuclear weapons in an era of transnational terrorism ( Gaukler , Barnett , & Rosinski , 2002 ) .
Terrorism is one of the most troubling global issues in recent years .
The improvement in technologies of the nuclear power would also provide in handling nuclear weapons , so any leakage of details could result in development of nuclear weapons , which in the time of translational terrorism is almost inevitable .
It is also worrying that nuclear power plants may be the target of attack for terrorists due to their destructive nature .
Therefore , there will be a higher risk of nuclear warfare .
The result will be disastrous .
In addition , the need for research on security in various reactor concepts of generation IV is also disturbing .
To summarize , nuclear power has various that could affect the well-being of our environment and health that can not be neglected despite its numerous benefits .
In addition , there are better alternatives such as renewable energy that will be able to support our energy needs in the long run .
Hence , the funds pumped into the development of nuclear power should instead be used in the development of renewable resources that are more cost- effective .
In Singapore , according to the Ministry of Manpower ( 2009 ) , about a total of 11000 cases of fatal and non fatal occupational accidents occur in Singapore and 60 people die in these accidents per annum .
The accident of the Nicoll Highway Collapse in 2004 , which is one of the most catastrophic accidents in the construction sector of Singapore , took away 4 lives .
According to the accident investigation report ( Ministry of Manpower , 2005 ) , it was found that the main cause of the collapse was due to under-designing of the retaining wall which could not handle the stress of holding up the tunnel .
Although some people might think that the effectiveness of psychology in preventing accidents from occurring is controversial , I believe that the use of psychology during the design process could have prevented this accident from occurring .
Many people think that not only the Nicoll Highway Collapse incident , but also most of the major occupational accidents were unexpected and mainly caused by errors in human judgment .
They believe that psychology could have done nothing to prevent the accident from occurring ( International Labour Organisation , 2000 ) .
However , in certain aspects , accidents can be prevented if psychology is introduced to during the design stage .
According to the Heinrich Domino theory , an accident is caused by the chain reaction of a series of factors .
Moreover , " Heinrich proposes that the removal of unsafe acts and unsafe conditions will prevent accidents , as his research found that these were the direct or immediate causes of most accidents " ( Singapore Polytechnic , 2008 ) .
This made significant enhancement in the steel- making , chemical manufacture and construction industry in preventing accidents at work .
Besides that , with this Human Factors Analysis Tools ( HFAT ) , the originators also won the Occupational Psychology Practitioner of the Year award in 2006 ( Division of Occupational Psychology , United Kingdom , n.d. ) .
Most people claim that accidents are unpreventable because a malfunction in a product is due to inadequate design that might cause accidents to occur , which is beyond the control of human capability ( Wilpert , 2007 ) .
( Association of Independent Consultants , Inc , n.d. ) .
These could assist the engineer to experience and discover the limitations and weaknesses of the design and improve on it .
They may take into consideration of the Fixed Guard design ( Singapore Polytechnic , 2008 ) . This design has no moving parts and prevents access to dangerous parts at all times by enclosing the hazardous operation completely .
The safety level is 100 % even when there is a malfunction of the system during its operations , so no one will get injured .
Moreover , many people in the construction industry think that accidents caused by natural disasters and unfavorable working environments is something beyond the human limit and are unavoidable ( Julian , 2007 ) .
For example , a landslide occurs on a work site due to soil erosion after a heavy downpour .
This may be out of our control , yet it is not 100 % inevitable that accidents can not be prevented from occurring in this kind of situation if approached with psychology during the design stage .
It is used to identify the cause of the accident so that corrective measures can be taken to prevent such similar cases from occurring .
Carrying out research studies on related issues or consultation of expertise would help the engineers to understand and envisage the possible accidents that may occur due to the surrounding environment ( Association of Independent Consultants , Inc , n.d. ) .
Therefore , they may apply appropriate measures to eliminate or minimize the potential risk with respect to the unfavorable working environment , such as strengthening the slope with grout anchor tie back , and using an inclinometer to monitor the slope condition .
To summarize , the approach of applying psychology throughout the design process of a project such as understanding human behavior and knowledge on how accidents occur may help to prevent them from occurring .
Studies on related industrial accidents and accident investigations , the ability to envisage possible accidents that may occur , and working with a psychology practitioner could eventually help to minimize and prevent the occurrence of accidents due to errors in human judgment , malfunctioning of products , and working environment factors .
In conclusion , although accidents are unexpected , it is possible to minimize and prevent them from occurring by using the psychology approach in design processes .
It has also been proven to be effective in accident prevention as the MOM has made an obligatory requirement that all work sites must employ a Work Site Safety and Health Officer before the commencement of a project ( Singapore Polytechnic , 2008 ) .
However , the general public is still cautious about accepting nuclear power as a viable energy source .
Although we should never forget the painful lessons of Chernobyl and Three Mile Island , we should also be open-minded about the possibilities that generation IV nuclear reactors bring .
Of the 6 generation IV reactors earmarked for further development , the gas cooled fast reactor design is both innovative and slated to become an efficient and sustainable nuclear energy option .
According to a recent US poll , a significant 44.7 % of the respondents think that nuclear energy production is somewhat dangerous or very dangerous .
To address the safety concerns of the public , the design gas cooled fast reactor includes many safeguard systems .
An NEA report stated that a 'three barrier principle ' will be implemented , and there will be 'cladding at fuel levels ; vessels and primary circuit' .
Hence , the treatment of nuclear waste is a major public concern .
According to the article , 'Nuclear Power 's New Dawn ' , published in Nature , '96 % of spent fuels consist of uranium and plutonium ' ; in other words , more fuels can be generated if the wastes are reprocessed .
In addition , as the design is a fast neutron reactor , it produces excess neutrons which can be used to transmute the nuclear waste into isotopes of shorter half-lives , reducing the toxicity of the waste .
This design also addresses the security concern surrounding nuclear waste reprocessing .
Currently , in the logistics of reprocessing , nuclear wastes are transported to reprocessing facilities which recover the uranium and plutonium before sending them to another mixed oxide fuel ( MOX ) reactor to be burnt as fuels .
However , a report by Hussein Khalil from the Argonne National Laboratories in the USA envisions 'an integrated , onsite spent fuel treatment and refabrication plant' .
This essentially obliterates the security risks involved in transporting radioactive wastes and allows security efforts to be focused on the plant itself .
Lastly , the gas cooled fast reactor is committed to becoming a sustainable form of nuclear power .
Contrary to popular belief that nuclear energy is renewable , uranium is actually a rare element that can be depleted .
The higher efficiency if this reactor design together with the recycling of wastes , means that the same amount of fuel will produce many times more the electricity than that produced by the conventional reactor .
In conclusion , the many advantages of the gas cooled fast reactor make it look extremely promising .
Although nuclear waste remains problematic , it is reduced to a minimum .
Above all , the reactor shows the potential to be sustainable , an advantage that can allow it to be built on a large enough scale to shoulder a significant portion of the world 's energy needs .
Therefore , its research and development should be supported and properly funded so that one day it can reach its full potential and alleviate some of the world 's energy problems .
Global warming has become a concern to people due to its high emission of greenhouse gases from energy usage .
To reduce the carbon dioxide emission , a new energy source which can provide sufficient energy with the least emission of greenhouse gases should be considered since the energy needs of every country is rising .
Nowadays , engineers and industries are very interested in nuclear energy , which can provide up to 80 % of the electricity in France ( Butler , 2004 ) in a cost effective way via mass production .
However , there is always a great concern held by the public regarding the safe operation of nuclear reactors and radioactive waste management .
According to a research study , accidents involving nuclear plants are much fewer than those involving traffic , suicides and fire
The Generation IV International Forum ( GIF ) , a research and development group organized by ten nations to carry out research on the next generation of nuclear concepts , is identifying and selecting six nuclear energy systems with a variety of reactors , energy conversion systems , and fuel cycle technologies .
With GIF 's nuclear technology , the concerns of the public mentioned above would be addressed .
Among the six generation IV reactor concepts , the most advanced concept is the VHTR ( very high temperature reactor ) which is a more efficient way of converting heat energy to electricity and which can provide 50 % more energy from the same amount of fuel compared with other conventional nuclear plants .
Regarding nuclear power plants , the safety features of the plant is the greatest concern of the public .
There were nuclear accident hazards all over the world a few decades ago ; for example , the reactor core explosion at Chernobyl in Ukraine killed many people , with two people dying in the initial explosion and other deaths resulting from radiation poisoning ( Gramling , 2009 ) .
The VHTR system has its own safety features such as a very high system temperature , enhanced goals for safety and reliability , low decay heat load , low power density with and so on ( Idaho National Laboratory ) .
The core is composed of non-combustible nuclear grade graphite which has a very stable structure even at high temperatures and high heat capacity .
Thus , the possibility of explosion due to the very high temperature becomes extremely low .
Moreover , additional safety features such as how to minimize damage and protect lives if an accident occurs will also be developed further ( Lee , 2005 ) .
Another concern regarding nuclear power plants is how to dispose of the nuclear wastes which are long lasting , radioactive and toxic .
As the VHTR operates at a very high temperature , there are fewer wastes to reprocess than those of other systems .
Moreover , the reprocessing will 96 % of the nuclear waste produced , which consists of plutonium and uranium , and only about 1 % of long lasting elements are left as residue .
There are also additional steps of processing to convert those long lasting wastes into elements with shorter half- lives , i.e .
Hence , nuclear waste disposal will not be a great concern in the future .
Nuclear terrorism has always been a threat to the world since the sudden attack on Hiroshima in 1945 .
The VHTR is carefully designed to discourage weapon proliferation and to increase assurance that are very unattractive and are the least desirable route for , .
Hence , it would be harder for terrorists to steal or use the material .
Since the VHTR is still undergoing research , the earliest delivery will be in 2020 ( Butler , 2004 ) .
With the security system developed , nuclear terrorism can be prevented .
In conclusion , in view of the increasing global need for more energy globally , nuclear energy will become essential in the future once issues such as safety , waste management and potential exploitation of plutonium proliferation by terrorists are addressed .
This , in fact , has become possible after the development of the VHTR which incorporates features that minimize the risks of accidents and enable safer disposal of nuclear waste .
Therefore , research for VHTR technology should be funded for further development to reach its optimal potential .
In the United States alone , people use close to 4 million kwh of electricity daily .
In addition , as society grows , the demand for such energy grows as well .
The usage of fossil fuel as a fuel at power plants is projected to increase by 44 percent from 2006 to .
With promises of lower cost , less waste and a safer alternative , it may seem that nuclear power with the introduction of generation IV reactors such as the super-critical-water- cooled reactors is the next generation of power plants .
However , these promises are revealed to be empty promises if one looks deeper into the issue of nuclear Power .
Therefore , support of further research and development funding for nuclear power should not be continued .
The cost of a nuclear plant can be divided into 3 main parts : capital cost , operating cost and fuel cost .
It is claimed that the capital cost of a nuclear power plant is $ 9 / MWh , which is the same for a coal plant , and the fuel cost is very low at $ 5 / MWh as compared to $ 11 / MWh for the coal powered one .
Therefore , it may seem that nuclear power is a cheaper alternative .
However , what they fail to realise is that these costs are only present prices .
They will increase as time goes by .
For example , the construction cost of the nuclear power plant does not just stop there .
All these would incur more costs .
The operating cost of the plant includes its daily operations and also the disposal of the waste .
These wastes are radioactive with a very long half life .
Full disposal of it will incur very high costs in the long run which are often not factored into the operation cost of a plant .
Hence , the nuclear power-plant is not as cost efficient as it may seem .
With regard to safety , it has been reported that there are more cases of fatalities for coal powered plants than their nuclear counterparts .
In the last 40 years , 6400 individuals have died due to coal power plant related accidents while only 31 have died in nuclear powered ones .
Therefore , it is claimed that nuclear plants are a much safer choice .
There will be a point in time when there will be an error which could result in an accident in a nuclear power plant one day .
This single incident will have catastrophic effects and the fatality rate will be substantial .
In the Chernobyl disaster alone which happened on 28 April 1986 , 47 people died on the spot with 4000 more who subsequently died from cancer .
The effects of the incident are still greatly felt today with the radio activeness of the area still at a record high despite three decades of clearing up .
Hence , we only need one nuclear accident to cause the kind of damage a coal plant would take more than 50 years to cause .
Further to what has been pointed out , nuclear power will also evoke security issues in the region .
This will lead to an arms race which might inevitably cause some conflicts in the region .
An example is the nuclear program of Iran .
Iran has developed its nuclear program as a form of deterrence and to build up national pride .
However , many neighbouring countries see these reasons as an excuse for the building of nuclear weapons so they feel threatened .
Hence , many conflicts have resulted .
From this , we can see that nuclear power brings issues to not only the country which is developing it but other neighbouring countries in the region as well .
The price for a small mistake in the pursuit of nuclear energy is too much for mankind to pay .
However , since a large amount of electricity is needed , commercial power generators have been built to convert fuel into electricity .
Another option , which is nuclear energy , had been explored with moderate success but currently only holds a 17 % share as a global energy supply ( Butler , 2004 ) .
However , development of the technology used by nuclear reactors are still on-going with the recent introduction of Generation-IV nuclear reactor concepts , one of them being the molten salt reactor .
The major draw in continuing the research of molten salt reactor is its potential to make converting electricity from nuclear energy much safer , more environmentally friendly and more economically viable as compared to current reactors .
A key step in current nuclear power generation , which is separation of the by-products in the nuclear reactor wastes , would yield materials usable in the creation of highly destructive weapons .
This will ensure that the majority of the fuel is burnt in the process , leaving very low levels of remaining enriched fuel that can be extracted for use for the manufacture of nuclear weapons .
The alternative to replacing coal is arguably the use of solar or wind energy .
The hydrogen produced by the reactor will have further uses as fuel for other systems where its combustion will not produce any greenhouse gases .
For example , the amount of uranium currently mined from the earth 's surfaces have been approximated to last for another 100-200 years as fuel for the reactors ( Lightfoot , Manheimer , Meneley , Pendergast , and Stanford , 2006 ) .
Molten salt reactors can also use thorium as fuel , reserves of which are estimated to be four times larger than that of uranium ( Duffery , 2005 ) .
However , since the fuel is expected to be close to , or completely , burnt up in the molten salt reactor as opposed to the case for current reactors , this higher level of fuel efficiency can drive the duration for which the uranium reserves can sustain the global energy comsumption longer than estimated .
The increase in fuel efficiency will reduce operational cost since there will be less need for storage of long life radioactive waste products .
In addition , considering the development of advanced materials in the further research of molten salt reactor , the actual amount of materials needed in the building can be reduced , thus reducing overall cost .
For example , by replacing the stainless steel commonly found in reactors with other alloys that are equally strong or alloys that are stronger and more durable , and that do not use nickle , the cost of building the reactor can be reduced since the price of nickle has been increasing in recent times ( Busby , 2009 ) .
While the use of nuclear energy raises some concern in terms of security and cost , the continuous research of molten salt reactors can address these concerns through the recycling of fuel and the use of a different variant of fuel .
However , while the research cost of a reactor is very high , this can be solved through the cooperation of more countries , especially the larger countries like China .
In the long run , one of the benefits of using molten salt reactors would be that it can meet energy demands while maintaining a clean environment .
In the recent two decades , whether to adopt nuclear energy as a sustainable source of energy has become one of the heated arguments in the world .
scientists state that coal and fossil fuels on earth are depleting at an alarming rate and would be running out in the next century .
Nuclear energy has thus emerged as one of the most viable solutions .
However , due to the strong oppositions from the public about the safety of nuclear power plants , many countries are caught in the dilemma of whether they should build a nuclear plant or not .
However , in the current situation where there are no better alternatives , nuclear energy seems to be the most suitable energy for the future and therefore one of the generation IV reactors , the lead-coaled fast reactor , should be adopted as the solution .
Firstly , the argument raised by most opponents is the safety issue .
They declare that the nuclear reactions which may be termed as nuclear fission and nuclear fusion are extremely dangerous and even fatal to human beings .
The Chernobyl accident in 1986 was a reminder of the importance of safety .
30 people were killed ( mostly by high levels of radiation ) during the accident and many more were injured or adversely affected .
It was indeed a disastrous accident which subsequently made nuclear plants appear to be scientific devils .
However , the reactor used in fact lacked some basic engineering provisions for safety , probably due to technological constraints at that time .
However , with advancements in science and technology nowadays , the level of danger of the nuclear reactors would be minimised to the lowest degree .
The generation IV reactor , the lead-coaled fast reactor , is the safest one among the four being proposed .
In addition , the operating temperature allows a range of 550 to 800 degrees .
This medium range of temperature increases the functional capacity of the reactor as compared to those which only operate at a fixed temperature .
On top of that , lead which is used as the main source is a less reactive metal compared to sodium for sodium-coaled fast reactors .
another opposing view is that the cost of building a nuclear plant is rather high .
Gas-fired power plants are very cheap and quick to build , but very expensive to operate due to the cost of their fuel .
Furthermore , the cost for mining out and transporting coal and fuel is also very expensive due to their scarcity whereas the sources for nuclear power plants are much cheaper since plenty of uranium can be extracted from the earth 's crust .
Most importantly , the waste generated by the lead-coaled fast reactor can also be recycled and thus there is virtually no pollution to the environment .
Hence , in the long run , it is more economical to adopt the lead-coaled fast reactor which is also an environmentally friendly source of energy .
The final argument advanced by opponents is that there are other sources of safer energy such as solar energy and wind turbines , so there is no need to adopt the nuclear power reactors which are still untested .
However , can we really solely rely on ?
We would still have to rely on other sources when solar energy runs low at times .
As long as the nuclear sources such as lead and uranium are provided , energy will be generated .
Therefore , the lead-coaled fast reactor is a more efficient and reliable energy source .
All in all , with the depleting sources of coal and fuel , lead-coaled fast reactors will be the most likely alternative energy source in the future .
With advanced technology and engineering designs , the safety of nuclear reactors will be ensured .
Therefore , such nuclear power reactors should be adopted in the future as a promising source of energy .
The world depends largely on external energy to operate all activities in the society .
The world 's main energy resource , which is fossil fuel , is slowly depleting .
As a result , there is a need to depend on alternative energy resources to satisfy our high energy demands .
Nuclear power has proven to be an effective energy source as it can generate electricity efficiently to satisfy the world 's energy needs .
However , there are many controversies over the use of nuclear power , and many critics criticize its use .
Some of the gravest concerns that are widely mentioned are safety , costs and performance .
Safety issues raised by past nuclear accidents still strike fear in the public 's heart .
An example of such an accident is the " the 1986 accident at Chernobyl in Ukraine , during which the reactor core exploded , ( killed ) some 31 people immediately and ( spew ) radioactive debris across Europe .
Articles have shown that many experts agree that nuclear power costs significantly higher relative to the other major energy sources .
[ 5 ] Moreover , there are still many doubts about whether nuclear power has a competitive edge over other energy providers in terms of performance .
With all these concerns on the use of nuclear power , it seems that nuclear power poses more of a problem than a solution as a beneficial energy source .
However , with the building of generation IV reactors such as the VHTR , problems that the old generation reactors faced will be greatly reduced , making nuclear power a viable energy source .
Regarding safety concerns , opponents of nuclear power might argue that nuclear reactors are potentially dangerous as the effects from any nuclear accident would be disastrous to both the environment and the people .
However , Generation IV reactors such as the VHTR have advanced safety mechanisms which will minimize the probability of accidents occurring .
The VHTR is capable of dissipating heat even under severe accident conditions and its graphite structure is able to withstand high temperatures to prevent itself from self-sustained combustion .
[ 2 ] According to the " Four levels of Safety " ( by ( By Professor Lawrence Lidsky , MIT ) , the VHTR is the only reactor that meets the level 1 safety criterion , which means that it is immune to major structural failure and operator error .
[ 2 ] Therefore , the VHTR will be a safe nuclear reactor , liable only to minor accidents .
Regarding cost , critics might debate that the high financial costs in building nuclear plants worldwide will create a negative impact on the worldwide economy .
However , although the cost of building nuclear plants is high , future benefits from nuclear power will be able to boost the economy greatly .
In comparison to other hydrogen producing methods , the VHTR produces hydrogen at a lower cost .
[ 4 ] Statistics show that " the VHTR produces hydrogen at $ 1.40/kg , steam reformation of hydrogen costs $ 6.30/MBtu while MHR produced hydrogen costs $ 1.52/kg .
" [ 4 ] In addition , using the VHTR to produce energy would reduce the economic costs spent on controlling carbon dioxide emissions from the burning of fossil fuels .
Regarding performance , critics might strongly argue that the frequent unplanned nuclear shutdowns [ 6 ] would make nuclear power the most inefficient energy among all energy sources .
Sun , wind , tides and waves can not be controlled to directly provide either continuous base-load power or peak-load power when it is needed .
In addition , the VHTR gas turbine system can generate electricity at an efficiency of 50 % whereas existing nuclear power plants generate at only 33 % efficiency
[ 3 ] , making it one of the best performance nuclear reactors .
In comparison to older generation reactors , Generation IV reactors will have better safety and cost effective features .
The VHTR is one of the best generation IV reactors , making it one of the most reliable energy providers in the future .
Hence , further research and funding for the VHTR will definitely benefit the future generations .
According to Marshall & Robert ( 2000 ) , the rising costs and rapid depletion of natural fuel has led to the search for a more sustainable energy source .
Thus , countries are focusing on the development of nuclear reactors , the most viable energy source that seemingly appears to be endless .
However , in terms of safety , costs and overall performance , the VHTR would be the best nuclear reactor to be implemented
( Marshall & Robert , 2000 ) .
According to Butler , safety is a main priority in the designs of new nuclear reactors due to the previous nuclear disasters of Three Mile Island and Chernobyl .
There is a large margin between the operational temperature and the coolant boiling temperature .
This would mean a relatively safer work environment in addition to the low operating pressure conditions .
However , the passive cooling system of the SFR has major flaws .
In comparison , the VHTR model uses helium , which is an inert gas , as its coolant and thus would be much safer than sodium .
The cooling system of the VHTR is a helium turbine system , operating separately under stringent human control and thus allowing for quicker actions to be taken in the event of overheating
DOE Nuclear Energy Research Advisory Committee , 2002 ) . Cost factors are also taken into consideration given the scale of the nuclear reactors .
The Sodium-Cooled Reactor is claimed to be cheaper in terms of research costs .
Given that the technology base exists for the SFR , it is said that not much additional extensive research has to done .
However , this is not the case .
In actual fact , many technical viability issues are waiting to be resolved .
According to the US DOE Nuclear Research Advisory Committee , due to the instability and radio-active state of sodium , more research has to be done to find suitable materials for its reactor 's primary core
DOE Nuclear Energy Research Advisory Committee , 2002 ) .
The Very High Temperature Reactor would be a much cheaper option as the core for its plant has been confirmed to be graphite .
As Sterbentz brought up in his report on the VHTR , graphite is a much more stable and cheaper material in comparison to the suggested cores for the SFR .
In addition , with low reactions to heat and chemical irradiation , replacement of the graphite cores only need to be done around once in five years .
According to the Austrian Institute of Ecology ,the performance for the SFR was rated highly for its closed fuel system which recycles 99.9 % of the actinides produced in its process .
There is close to no nuclear waste produced by the once through system .
The energy output is much less than the VHTR models which will exceed 50 % .
Furthermore , the VHTR produces hydrogen in addition to electricity .
This additional fuel production would mean a larger net output by the VHTR in comparison to the SFR
In conclusion , the Very High Temperature Reactor would be the best nuclear reactor concept to implement .
Whether it is about safety , cost or performance level , the VHTR is a notch above its peers such as the SFR .
The VHTR 's potential as the best nuclear reactor is recognized by many countries like France , Japan and the United States of America .
Globalization has caused the demand of oil to surge to the extent that the supply of crude oil can not match the demand for it , hence leading to a shortage of oil .
The Generation IV International Forum ( GIF ) , an organization formed to further develop nuclear energy has come up with six generation IV reactor concepts
Since there are a lot of benefits in using nuclear energy , especially energy from the very high-temperature reactor ( VHTR ) , further research and development on nuclear energy sources should be encouraged .
Firstly , a nuclear power plant is more cost effective to operate as compared to other energy sources .
For example , although the start-up cost of building the VHTR plant is very high , which is up to US $ 10 billion , it is cheaper as compared to other fuel , such as bio fuel , in the long run .
Consequently , many countries have regarded VHTR as the energy source of the future , because it produces hydrogen gas as a complimentary energy source that is reusable .
the reactor can separate hydrogen gas from water thermodynamically during the nuclear reaction at an extremely high temperature of about 700-900 degrees celcius .
( Burthler , 2004 ) Additionally , according to the economics concept , there is less third party cost incurred by others if nuclear power is used instead of other fuels .
It is also relatively cleaner to the environment as compared to other sources of fuels .
Thus , the sum of all the various costs of producing nuclear power is relatively lower than other sources of energy .
Secondly , a nuclear reactor , especially the VHTR , produces less waste as compared to other energy sources .
It is known that a large percentage of the greenhouse gases present today is due to the use of petroleum and combustion of fossil fuels .
The burning of fossil fuels also produces other waste products that are harmful to the environment .
On the other hand , even though the VHTR produces nuclear waste which will emit harmful radioactivity , the industry has come up with effective ways to dispose of the nuclear waste .
One such method is to bury the nuclear waste in the ground .
Research has shown that the radioactivity that is produced by the nuclear waste under the ground is equivalent to the radioactivity emitted by cosmic rays .
Thus , humans are safe from the radioactivity produced by the nuclear waste .
That is , nuclear power , especially that produced by the VHTR , is a much cleaner source of energy for the environment , so further research and development should be done on it .
Critics may argue that the security measures used in the nuclear power plants are inadequate , and this will endanger the safety of the people living close to the nuclear power plants .
Indeed , the aftermath of an explosion of a nuclear power plant would be harmful .
For instance , it was shown from the Chernobyl incident that an explosion in a nuclear plant would cause cancerous effects on human beings , and this effect would last for a few centuries
However , according to the GIF , the six nuclear reactor concepts being researched by them , including the VHTR , incorporate a high security-proof mechanism .
Thus , they are 'meltdown proof ' , which means that they can reduce their temperature to the accepted temperature range in the event of an accident , with little human intervention .
Hence , the safety aspect of the people is well taken care of even if there is any terrorist attack on the nuclear power plants .
Therefore , more research should be carried out on the nuclear power plants .
In essence , nuclear reactors , especially the VHTR , are more cost effective in the long run as compared to other energy sources .
In addition , nuclear energy is less harmful to the environment and it is safe to humans .
Moreover , it has been shown that the VHTR is 40 % more effective in producing energy as compared to other sources of energy .
Thus , in my opinion , more funding should be provided for research and development to further improve the production of nuclear power , and the research should focus more on the VHTR .
The usage of nuclear plants to generate electricity has been a controversial issue since decades ago , due to the disastrous incidents on Three Miles Island and at Chernobyl , which have resulted in major health issues caused by radiation exposure .
The public has been rejecting the construction of nuclear plants due to safety concerns .
However , as technology has evolved with time , the Generation IV power plants are better in terms of security , cost and performance .
One of the main reasons stated by the opposition is that nuclear plants consume uranium and produce nuclear waste , which could be used to manufacture nuclear weapons .
The molten salt reactors are capable of recycling the nuclear waste to produce more electrical energy , so the waste created from the recycling process will not be available for creating nuclear weapons .
This process also helps to prevent the existing practice of spending large amounts of money to store the nuclear waste .
In addition , the International Atomic Energy Agency ( IAEA ) has set up necessary guidelines for governments to ensure the highest level of security for their nuclear facilities .
The Generation IV plants are built to shut down automatically in the event of a meltdown or terrorist attack ( Butler , 2004 ) .
To prevent the escape of radiation which resulted in the Chernobyl incident , the new plants are built with shielding that can prevent radiation from escaping into the surroundings in case of a meltdown .
Opponents have also argued that renewable energy sources are better sources of energy as they produced cleaner energy when compared to nuclear reactors , which produce radiation and nuclear waste .
In addition , renewable sources are also unlimited , whereas uranium will last another two centuries at most ( Fetter , 2009 ) .
Thus , they believe that governments should spend the money on research for renewable energy instead of nuclear energy .
Furthermore , the electricity produced from renewable sources like solar energy is measured in Mega watts per hour , while the electricity produced from nuclear plant is measured in Giga watts per hour , so one thousand times more energy is produced .
In comparison , the biggest solar power generator located in California is able to support half a million users , less than two percent of the city population ( Wolff , 2007 ) , while a single nuclear plant is able to provide electricity for a few cities .
Another issue is that uranium is finite like fossil fuels .
Every year , governments that are supportive of nuclear energy have spent billions of dollars on it .
In 2008 , the United States Government increased their budget allocation for nuclear energy and the research and development for Generation IV power plants to twenty-five billion dollars ( Barnett , 2008 ) .
The opposition has stated that the power generated is not worth the cost , as the cost is accumulated from .
It is definitely worthwhile spending more to protect the environment .
In conclusion , governments should support further research and development on nuclear energy as the security concern regarding nuclear waste can be eliminated ; moreover , nuclear plants are the most efficient energy source and the cost of nuclear energy is the cheapest in the long term .
With further funding on the research , humans will be able to produce energy in the long run without damaging the environment .
robotic surgical technology is a prototype and a new breakthrough in the field of engineering and medicine .
The robotic system uses fine , precise robotic arms and its three dimensional high resolution computed image guides the surgeon during an operation .
According to a report ( Guru , 2007 ) the rate of survival of every fifty patients of mean age 68 years old undergoing Robotic Radical Cystectomy is 98 % .
Whereas according to Kyung Hee University , Seoul , Korea Cancer Research and Treatment ( 2005 ) , for the traditional Radical Cystectomy surgery , the survival rates are 62 % for males and 39.4 % for females , with mean patient age of 62.8 years old .
Thus , it has been proven that the robotic surgical system has a significantly more positive clinical result as compared to the conventional surgery method .
However , although the initial clinical outcomes are positive , safety is a major factor why the robotic surgical system still remains fearful to the public .
Safety concerns involve technical credibility , surgical liability and operation performance .
Even though there is no guarantee that the robotic surgical system can absolutely ensure the safety of patients , the design of the robotic system can nevvertheless improved to enhance safety .
During an operation , the condition of the patient is unpredictable ; many tasks and decisions need to be made involving the surgeon , the nurses and the robotic system .
For example , when tools are changed , the robotic system needs to be paused in order to replace a surgical tool .
During this process , the surgeon has no direct access to the situation ; the system relies largely on verbal exchanges between the nurses and the surgeon to coordinate the surgical procedures .
The differences in perspective with respect to the patient 's condition and the robotic system create safety issues , mainly due to the potential of miscommunication .
In order to enhance safety , a common ground needs to be built through ensuring similar speech patterns .
Therefore , communication between surgeons and nurses can be improved by the sharing of a common set of statements and ideology .
Although the robotic system has improved greatly in its dexterity , its full potential in terms of instrumental design and sensory sensitivity has yet to be developed .
This poses uncertain dangers during an operation .
According to Zorn ( 2009 ) , no credible system is currently available to assess the capability of a surgeon while operating the robotic surgical system .
In order to improve the system 's safety , the future of the robotic system can be expanded using ultrasound and infrared .
In addition , the surgical equipment occupies a large space which may restrict the movement of nurses and cause delays during an operation .
miniaturizing the equipment will help address the problem and also save cost in making room for the accommodation of this expensive equipment .
In the end , however , , despite all the development of ideas to improve on safety , cost is the major concern as to whether these ideas can be implemented .
The surgical system is an expensive technology whose initial cost is 1.5 million dollars each with maintenance costs of hundreds of thousands each year .
This high equipment cost induces an increase in surgical costs of over thousands of dollars .
Moreover , laboratories are currently working on the development of new devices to enhance safety during operations .
Subsequently , this development will induce a higher capital cost of equipment .
However , if we compare the cost of conventional surgery with the cost of the robotic surgery , knowing that most cases of robotic surgery optimize chances of quicker recovery which implies shorter hospital stays .
The difference in cost imposed by the use of the robotic equipment will be balanced off in comparison to the cost of hospital stay for the conventional surgery , so cost will not be a constraint in the enhancement of safety .
During the past few years , there have been discussions on whether nuclear power plants should be built or not .
For the past few centuries , most of our electricity has been generated from coal , fuel or oil refineries .
However , as the population increases , there is a higher demand for electricity , so more raw resources such as fossil fuel have to be used .
Recently , the rate of depletion of fossil fuel has been increasing , leading to a higher electricity cost .
As a result , more people are turning to nuclear power as a solution to the high electricity cost .
However , before we change to nuclear power , there are some factors we need to consider .
The factors which would be discussed are cost , security and performance .
Some of the reasons why people are opposed to the idea are the high construction cost and level of danger of nuclear power plants .
However , because of the lower electricity cost and the ability to meet the world 's demand in the future .
Despite opposing views , further research and development funding for the Very-High-Temperature-Reactor ( VHTR ) should be encouraged .
Firstly , in terms of the cost factor , according to Michael ( 2009 ) , uranium , being the raw resource of nuclear power , has been proved to be able to meet the need of world demand for hundreds of centuries .
Due to its abundance , the cost price of uranium would be cheaper when compared to that of fossil fuel .
Besides this , the mining cost of uranium Is also very cheap .
these factors result in low operation costs for nuclear power plants .
The Economics of Power ( 2007 ) , shows the of US electricity production costs from 1995 to 2008 .
The book compared the cost of electricity generated among oil , gas , coal and nuclear plant .
However , by the year 2008 , the cost of electricity generated from oil plant had increased to 18 cents per kilowatt-hour , whereas for nuclear , the cost had remained constant over the years .
However , people are claiming that the construction cost of a nuclear power plant is too high .
Although in the long term , the low production cost would have an edge over the construction cost .
Since the cost of fossil fuel is soaring high now , if we still continue to use it , we would have to pay a very high electricity cost compared to the cost we would have to pay for electricity generated by nuclear energy .
Once the construction cost has been recovered , .
Thus , in terms of the cost factor , it is still an advantage to the public if we use nuclear energy in the long run .
The second factor is security. .
According to Bulter ( 2004 ) , the public has highlighted the accidents which occurred in 1979 at Three Mile Island and in 1986 at Chernobyl .
However , in the case of the generation IV reactor , it has been claimed that there would be a security feature called the " Meltdown " Proof which would reduce the temperature to a minimum in the event of an accident .
As technology advances over the years , we can foresee that the chances of accidents occurring will be reduced .
Thirdly , in terms of the performance factor , Bulter ( 2004 ) claims that the VHTR could squeeze 50 % more electricity from the same amount of fuel compared with conventional plants .
Engineers have agreed that in order to reach such efficiency , higher temperatures would need to be generated , thus causing a higher chance of accident .
In conclusion , we can see that even though there are some disadvantages of the nuclear power plant , it is still beneficial to the public if we operate it in the long run .
The advantages of the nuclear power plant outweigh its disadvantages .
The Very High Temperature Reactor ( VHTR ) is one of the six generation IV reactors which need to be developed .
The six generation IV reactors are the vision of the future of the Generation IV International Forum ( GIF ) .
GIF looks at the future with nuclear reactors in its mind , because it believes the current coal-burning source of energy would not be sufficient for the world 's need by 2050 ( Butler , 2004 ) .
In addition , GIF believes the coal- burning is contributing to global warming by carbon dioxide ( CO2 ) into the air .
The six generation IV reactors are believed to be able to replace coal mines .
These six generation IV reactors are still in the testing and research phase .
GIF is researching them in terms of their safety , their cost effectiveness and their effect on the environment because these are the public 's concerns about them .
This is due to memories of past accidents involving the partial meltdown of nuclear nuclear reactors .
Looking back at a few decades ago , there were two accidents which brought the world 's attention to the importance of safety in nuclear reactors .
In 1979 , on Three Mile Island , Pennsylvania , there was a malfunction in a cooling system which caused part of the reactor core to melt and some radioactive gas to be released into the air was , fortunately , not enough to cause any radiation dose .
In 1986 , at Chernobyl , Ukraine , a flawed reactor design that was operated by untrained personnel and without proper regard for safety , exploded and released at least five percent of the radioactive reactor core into the atmosphere and the surrounding area .
The two accidents caused people who lived nearby the nuclear reactors to suffer from the radiation .
The nuclear-averse public oppose the development of generation IV reactors because they are afraid such accidents will happen again and cause more damage to the people who live nearby nuclear reactor plants .
This feature would simplify safety features ; hence we would not need to rely on sophisticated backup systems or experienced operators .
This is because generation IV reactors can cool themselves down in the event of an accident with minimal human intervention ( Butler , 2004 ) , thus preventing the meltdown accident from happening again .
The second factor is the cost of building the nuclear reactor plant .
The nuclear-averse public oppose the development of generation IV reactors because they are too costly to build .
It is true that a country needs to put billions of dollars into the research and development of nuclear reactor plants .
This is because it is beneficial for the country in the long run .
With the increasing population , the demand on energy sources will increase .
One alternate energy source which has been suggested by many scientists is nuclear energy .
This is because with the same amount of raw materials , a nuclear reactor plant can produce up to ten times more of the energy produced by a the fossil energy plant .
Lastly , the third factor is the effect of nuclear reactors on the environment .
The nuclear-averse public oppose the development of generation IV reactors because they are worried that its waste will pollute the environment .
The waste of the nuclear reactors will last for a few years on earth before it starts to deplete .
When GIF have found out the proper method of recycling , the public can live with ease nearby nuclear reactor plants .
To conclude , the nuclear-averse public oppose the development of generation IV reactors because they do not fully understand the concept of generation IV reactors .
Hence , the very high temperature reactor should be further researched and developed .
In the 21st century , the energy issue has become a serious problem that human beings are facing .
It is predicted by experts that fossil fuels will run out in 250-300 years with oil disappearing in less than 100 years
Thus , it has become really urgent to find a substitutable energy source to meet the increasing demand of human beings .
As a result , many scientists have turned to nuclear energy and are doing research on future Generation IV reactors which are safer and have higher productivity .
Although some people are against these nuclear reactors , one particular generation IV reactor called the molten salt reactor is really worth researching on .
Some opponents argue that the safety of the nuclear reactor can not be guaranteed , and such dangerous power plants should never be built .
They think that nuclear waste is radioactive and may cause health problems to the people around the reactor .
However , the real situation is not as bad as they think .
In addition , the molten salt reactor can solve these problems completely .
It is written in Generation VI Reactors ( 2009 ) that the molten salt reactor uses liquid sodium fluoride as the coolant , which dissolves the uranium and circulates through the graphite core .
This means that there is no radioactive waste in the whole process .
Therefore , the concern about radioactive waste is not founded .
Some opponents argue that even though there is no radioactive waste , the reactor itself is a big safety problem ; the reactor may explode and cause disasters .
However , according to Power Uprate Safety & Containment Overpressure ( 2005 ) , the major safety problem for the reactor is that the balance of energy generated and energy removed may be affected due to some reason .
As a result , the reactor may explode because of excessive pressure and release large amounts of radioactivity .
However , according to Dr. Paul Pickard ( 2002 ) , there is lower pressure in the molten salt reactor as the boiling point for molten salt is 1400 degrees celcius .
In addition , which may cause an accident is low due to the continuous removal of mobile fission products .
In addition , the molten salt can absorb a lot of heat with little change in temperature .
All these guarantee that the balance will not be easily broken .
Furthermore , it is mentioned in Power Uprate Safety & Containment Overpressure ( 2005 ) that an entire system , which is designed to match the energy produced by the reactor and the energy removed and can thus effectively prevent accidents from happening , is now used in each reactor in America .
In the molten salt reactor , a better or at least the same system will be used to ensure the safety of the reactor .
opponents also argue that the cost of the nuclear reactor is so high that it is not worth being built .
It can not be denied that the cost of nuclear reactor construction is very high , but according to The Economics Of Nuclear Power ( 2008 ) , in 2008 in America , the electricity cost for nuclear energy per kwh was 8.34 cents while the cost of coal energy was 8.51cents .
Moreover , the external cost , including the pollution to the environment , of nuclear energy was 0.4eruo cents/kwh while for coal energy , it was 4.0 euro cents .
Hence , the cost of nuclear energy is actually less than coal energy and it is much more environmentally friendly .
Moreover , according to Generation VI Reactors ( 2009 ) , all the generation IV reactors will reduce the cost of electricity and produce higher levels of electricity with lower use of fuels compared to previous reactors .
Such evidence shows us that the molten salt reactor will cost little .
One major problem is to find a material material which has a high resistance to the corrosion of the molten salt .
Further research and development is needed to overcome this challenge and to turn this reactor into a reality .
Many inventions have improved our quality of life and made each human being a large consumer of electricity and fossil fuels .
With the development of technology and the increase in populations , energy demand has exploded .
Contrarily , the main source of energy , which is a non-renewable energy resource , is disappearing from the earth .
To solve this problem , one way is to gather energy from nature .
However , .
Nuclear reactions were found generating significant amounts of energy rapidly .
Unfortunately , chemical species used in nuclear reactions have incredible destructive power so people are fearful of their leakage .
In history , the leakage that happened in Bhopal , India in 1984 was a " terrible tragedy " ( " The incident " , n.d. ) during which " approximately 3,800 people died and several thousand other individuals experienced permanent or partial disabilities " ( " The incident " , n.d. ) .
The fear of leakage has result in a small number of nuclear plants being built on earth .
Nowadays , the generation IV reactors are in development and one of them called the Very High Temperature Reactor ( referred to as the VHTR below ) is worth developing .
The VHTR has a high safety level , a high efficiency level and an ultra-long lifetime which make it the best of the six generation IV reactors .
Safety is ensured in the design of the VHTR .
According to Teri Ehresman , the VHTR is able to retain " the desirable safety characteristics offered by modular high-temperature gas-cooled reactors " ( Ehresman , 2009 ) .
Furthermore , it is shown in the report of James W. Sterbentz that it is possible to " increase the thermal safety margin under transient conditions " ( Sterbentz , n.d. ) for the VHTR .
Thus , it is reasonable to assert that safety in the design of the VHTR is ensured .
Some may argue that nuclear reactors are not safe at all since accidents have happened in history and caused huge disasters .
However , they fail to consider that the broken reactors were the first generation reactors and technology then was not mature nor well developed .
After decades of development , nuclear technology is now more advanced and most importantly , safety in design has been largely enhanced .
It is not right to deny the future of the nuclear industry simply because of the accidents in the past .
Indeed , safety is ensured in the design of the VHTR and it should be further researched and developed .
The VHTR has high working efficiency .
The VHTR operates at about 1000 Celsius degrees which is enough to produce hydrogen .
Thus , the VHTR produces electricity , hydrogen and a large amount of concurrently in .
As an energy supplier , the VHTR is able to work more efficiently than that produce only electricity .
Some may say that the temperature needed for the VHTR to operate is high and it is not easy to provide the operating temperature for it .
It is true that VHTR needs more energy to start operating but once it is started , it produces energy more efficiently than other reactors .
It is reasonable to say that in the long run , .
Thus , the VHTR is promising in providing energy and solving the energy shortage problem .
Last but not least , the VHTR can have an ultra-long lifetime with minor actinides .
Moreover , it maximizes the usage of a reactor to a great extent .
With the cost lowered , reactors can be massively built and commercialized .
Only if reactors are .
As some may argue , maintenance also needs money and may lead to an increase in .
However , it is common sense that maintenance fees should be much lower than the cost of building a new reactor .
Besides , building fewer reactors and lengthening their lifetime save money as well as natural resources such as land .
Hence , the VHTR is worth researching and developing on .
To summarize , the VHTR is well worth developing mainly because safety is ensured in its design process .
In addition , the VHTR tends to have higher working efficiency and an ultra-long lifetime which makes it more favourable than other generation IV reactors .
Hopefully , it will not be long before the nuclear power 's new dawn and the VHTR is on its way , leading generation IV reactors to serve human beings and finally solving the energy shortage problem .
Nuclear power is electrical power which is produced from controlled nuclear reactions ( France , 2005 ) .
Although nuclear power can produce a much more significant amount of electrical power compared to other forms of electrical energy , its safety makes the public concerned about nuclear power production .
Among many nuclear reactors built all over the world , one type of reactor is the " Sodium-cooled fast reactor " which is operated at a temperature of 550 degree Celsius under low pressure .
The power output of this reactor is electricity .
However , nuclear power is not an efficient way if we consider the storage and safety issues of nuclear materials as well as the huge cost of nuclear power plant construction ( Hannity , 2009 ) .
On the other hand , many countries , such as Pakistan , Japan , China , India as well as the United States are active in nuclear power production regardless of the concern of the public over the safety issue .
The World Nuclear Association has stated that on average in every 17 days , one new nuclear reactor was set up during the 1980s and this rate may increase to one nuclear reactor per every five days in 2015 .
Although nuclear power plants ' construction cost is much higher compared to the cost of other alternative sources , for example , solar panels and wind turbines , nuclear power has efficiency output and sustainable energy .
The lower initial cost of alternative sources but nuclear power should be considered ( Gonyeau , 2009 ) .
Supporters claim that third generation power plants would be cheaper as well as faster to construct than second generation power plants , based on previous experience of constructing nuclear power plants .
However , there is also proof that some of the new generation reactors can not fulfill their promise .
For example , Westinghouse claimed that its advanced AP1000 would cost $ 1000 per KW construction cost , be completed within 3 years and would provide cheaper electricity than fossil fuel generated electricity , including Australian Coal power , with no sequestration charges .
But the promise was fulfilled ; the construction cost was over $ 3500 per KW which was even higher than the cost of the previous generator
( Group of Physicists School of Physics at the University of Melbourne in Australia , 2009 ) .
Since nuclear power plants do not release any harmful materials , nuclear energy is ideal .
A nuclear power plant emits significantly low carbon while fossil fuel pollution kills around ten thousand people per year in the United States due to respiratory problems .
However , some opponents also claim that an average nuclear power plant creates twenty to thirty tonnes of high level waste per year and that waste has to cool on site for at least five years before they are moved .
According to one environmental group , Yucca currently fills up 2495 tons of nuclear waste ( The Charlotte Observer , Hauter , 2004 ) .
Some people claim that the chances of accidents at nuclear reactor plants are very low because of advanced technology.However , the accident at the Three Mile Island Unit2 nuclear power plant which has been the most serious in the US , as well as the explosion at the Chernobyl power station , prove that nuclear reactors are still dangerous and not 100 percent secure .
The number of deaths by cancer also increased because of these incidents .
Not just health and environmental facts , but psychological factors should also be considered .
The worst situation is using nuclear power as a weapon ( Walker , 2004 ) .
In conclusion , nuclear power should not be widely produced because of security as well as environmental issues .
Alternative energy sources such as wind , solar , hydrogen as well as water should be used instead for a more secure future for the next generation .
Evidence also shows that very few new reactors have been built since serious accidents took place due to explosions or meltdowns of nuclear reactors in the 1980s ( Butler , 2004 ) .
To date , people are still suffering a lot of the repercussions from these past incidents .
However , with the expected increase in energy demand worldwide and the growing awareness of global warming , climate change and sustainable development , the new Generation IV ( Gen IV ) nuclear reactors seem to be the ultimate solution to these problems .
According to Gerstner , the Gen IV nuclear reactors will promise safe , economically competitive , proliferation-resistant nuclear power without the danger of increasing greenhouse gas emissions .
Many developed countries are starting to express interest in this new nuclear technology and some have even formed a consortium to pool their expertise and funding to carry out research on the six most promising prospects for the future Gen IV reactors .
Thus , I agree that there should be research and development ( R&D ) funding for the Gen IV nuclear reactors .
According to Reuters ( 2008 ) , the Electric Power Research Council in the United States has said that there will be a need for some 35 more { nuclear power } [ ] plants by the year 2030 .
The existing technology is to store the waste on site , but it can be politically sensitive - Yucca Mountain in Nevada is .
Reprocessing the spent fuel is another alternative to reducing the waste volume by a factor of two or three .
However , this is expensive and inefficient and poses a nuclear proliferation threat .
The Gen IV reactors aim to develop waste-free nuclear energy by burning up fission waste , leaving a residue greatly reduced in both volume and radioactivity ( Gerstner , 2009 ) .
However , the challenges lie in the complication of building a nuclear fission reactor and the lack of funding to carry out research in this area .
Although it would take years to develop such advanced technology and probably cost quite a large sum of money , research studies have to be done to tackle the faster mounting nuclear waste problem .
Opponents of nuclear energy claim that before the first of the Gen IV reactors will be built , optimistically in 2030 and possibly 2040 to 2050 , solar power systems would already be highly mature and widely developed .
However , a report ( { McLaughlin } [ HYPERLINK : http : //www.associatedcontent.com/user/1887/brant_mclaughlin.html ] , 2007 ) pointed out that most solar power plants can only generate power at 20 % of their average efficiency .
They are more efficient and require less resource to operate , compared to fossil fuels and solar energy .
Thus , it is important to channel funding to the R&D for Gen IV reactors as they provide the energy that will meet our future energy needs .
There is a profound need for a new generation of nuclear reactors as they not only bring cleaner energy for our future generations but they are also a waste-free , terrorism-proof and affordable source of energy .
As countries such as China and the U.S. are showing interest in constructing new nuclear power plants , large amounts of nuclear waste is expected in the next 20 to 30 years .
Hence , channeling funds to the R&D of Gen IV reactors is necessary as it helps to solve the waste problem .
The Very-High-Temperature Reactor Versus the Sodium-Cooled Fast Reactor
In addition , burning fossil fuel emits greenhouse gases , a main cause of global warming .
Therefore , scientists and engineers are placing high hopes on the new generation of nuclear reactors which are seen as a clean source of energy without emission of green-house gases .
However , base on past nuclear accidents and technical hurdles , some people argue that nuclear power is unstable , extremely dangerous and expensive .
Fortunately , generation IV nuclear reactors are on the horizon , promising " safe , abundant , reliable , inexpensive and proliferation resistant " nuclear power plants ( " Nuclear Power 's New Dawn " , 2004 ) .
In this essay , I will compare two outstanding generation IV models : the very-high-temperature reactor ( VHTR ) and the sodium-cooled fast reactor ( SFR ) , and argue that the VHTR is safer , more economical and more proliferation-resistant than SFR .
It is said that the VHTR has not achieved the goals of simple operation and transparent safety concepts because it does not have a passive heat removal system ( Generation IV International Forum , 2008 ) .
However , this is not true as the VHTR is developing a passive heat removal system that can achieve a higher level of safety which is not dependent on human intervention .
the VHTR was initially designed to use helium as its coolant which is not the most suitable for an instant passive heat removal system .
In order to achieve a more effective heat removal system , salts or mixed gas could be used because of their superior heat transport characteristics .
According to " GIF R&D outlook for Generation IV Nuclear Energy Systems 2009 " , molten salts can enable 4 to 6 times higher .
As a matter of fact , the overall cost of building , operating and maintaining the VHTR is more cost-effective than for the SFR .
Outdoing the SFR , the VHTR has lower fuel cost and higher hydrogen production due to its high operation temperature , which allows a high burn-up rate of the fuels .
Furthermore , in contrast to the SFR , the VHTR is resistant to nuclear weapon proliferation as it abandons the reprocessing process .
The reprocessing process incorporated in the SFR extracts plutonium , which is an indispensable part of nuclear weapons .
Because VHTR is operated at an extremely high temperature and within a closed cycle system , high utilization of uranium can be achieved even without reprocessing .
Thus , the VHTR prevents potential nuclear wars that the SFR may lead to .
To conclude , simple operational and transparent safety concepts are inherently embedded in the VHTR , ensuring a high level of safety .
The VHTR is more economically competitive than the SFR as its overall cost of building , operations and maintenance is lower
The VHTR also has the unique feature of proliferation resistance which would prevent potential nuclear wars .
Engineers will have to take into consideration future needs while being creative and also without jeopardizing the functionality and the usability of the product .
As psychology studies human mental functions and human behavior , we are able to pin point human errors and thus minimize design mistakes and prevent accidents from happening .
In my opinion , as the human factor always plays a part in major industrial accidents .
The use of psychology during the design process stage can help reduce these accidents .
One major engineering accident was the Eschede train accident which happened in Germany ( Wilpert , 2007 ) .
The accident , which happened in June 1998 , caused a total of 101 deaths and 88 injured .
This incident was not caused by failure of only one component .
Rather it was caused by the interaction of multiple factors like human error and design mistakes .
In this case , we are able to relate psychology into the factors and examine how pscyhology could have prevented it from happening .
The original set of wheels used by the train were monobloc wheels .
However , the wheels appeared to be too noisy and vibration could be felt in the train cabin .
Therefore , the engineers came up with a similar design to what the trams were using to solve the vibration issue .
The new wheel was wrapped with a thick layer of rubber .
The layer of rubber helped reduce the vibration .
The design was not tested but it proved to be reliable because over the years it did not have any major problems .
However , according to Khandani ( 2005 ) the final phase of a proper engineering design process is testing .
In this process , engineers might discover design flaws and make the necessary changes to the design .
The engineers of the Eschede train made a mistake in neglecting this important step in the design process .
If prototyping had been done the accident might not have happened .
Before the derailment of the train , .
The train conductor or a passenger may have prevented the train accident if they had pulled the emergency brake .
The subsequent accident would not have happened if a passenger or the conductor had possessed adequate problem solving skills .
The passenger could have pulled the emergency brake himself instead of notifying the conductor .
The train conductor would have been able to stop the accident from happening if he had not followed the company 's policy for stopping the train .
It separates the high speed trains from the slower trains .
The railway track used by the Eschede train involved in the accident was not dedicated for high speed trains .
However , it had been upgraded so that it could be shared between high speed trains and slower trains .
In addition , rail switches were used to maximize the usage of the tracks .
The rail switches transferred the trains from a slow track to a fast track and vice versa .
However , seconds before the accident happened , the wheel rim which pierced through the cabin floor slammed against the rail switch , forcing some of the train cabins to disconnect from the first cabin and switch to another track .
The entire disconnected cabin was thereby thrown off the bridge .
In conclusion , is undeniably desirable as it makes our life better .
However , besides focusing on the improvements offered by a new design , one should also pay attention to the possible tradeoffs .
When the improvements in a new design are unable to compensate for limitations , designers should abandon the design .
If we put much consideration of the psychological approach into the design process , many accidents can be avoided .
The use of psychology would assist engineers and designers to think creatively and better and therefore they will come up with safe and good inventions .
In addition , by exploring further the psychological aspect and applying it in our daily routines , many of such major accidents can be prevented or minimized .
21 million square meters of land was polluted and could n't be used for living .
Chernobyl was not the only serious nuclear plant accident in the past .
There was another nuclear plant accident in Three Mile Island in the US .
As these disasters happen over and over again , the problem of how to improve the design process should be examined from a different perspective .
One such perspective is to take psychology into account .
What is the role of psychology in engineering ?
Engineering pscyhology is concerned with adapting the equipment and the environment to people , based upon their psychological capacities and limitations ( Blum , 1952 ) with the objective of improving overall system performance ( involving human and machine elements ) .
From this statement , we know that psychology aims to improve systems by helping people in a psychological way .
Some may wonder if it is really helpful to apply psychology .
We consider the Chernobyl incident as an example .
As mentioned in the preceding paragraph , Chernobyl was considered as a technological catastrophe .
However,was it just caused by technological errors ?
Let 's take a quick look at the accident .
The first thing working against them was that another power plant on the circuit was down , so Chernobyl was producing more power than usual to compensate for it .
Thus , the day staff did not run the test .
However , nobody ever told the night staff not to do it , so they tried to perform the test as planned .
Consequently , the reactor started getting out of control .
Thus , they had an uncontrolled nuclear reaction .
Because they did n't have the right Geiger counters , they did n't know what a serious danger they were in because they did not know the actual radiation levels .
They were at the plant for about 3 days until the explosion , trying to pump water into the reactor to control it .
It is obvious that human factors played an important role in this accident .
Though the original cause was technical , if anyone discovered the mistake and corrected it , it would n't have happened .
What 's more , regardless of what extent automation is achieved , the role of man can never be underestimated in production .
Furthermore , since nobody can avoid mistakes , applying psychology in design processes could reduce the probability of human errors , thus increasing the safety coefficient of a system .
Nevertheless , some hold the opinion that if technology improves enough , we could eliminate accidents without applying psychology in design processes .
As technology improves , it is true that the probability of accidents can be significantly reduced .
Considering nuclear technology , the methods used to control the reactors have been significantly improved .
However , all these improvements only reduce the severity of the consequences of the accident , and it does n't mean the probability of such accidents is reduced .
A study found that 92 % of all significant events in nuclear utilities in 1983-1984 were caused by people and of these only 8 % had been initiated by the control room operator ( Stanton , 1996 ) .
Hence the most efficient way to reinforce safety is by applying psychology to design processes .
Will psychology prevent accidents completely ?
Of course , this would not be possible .
The objective of applying engineering psychology is to adapt the equipment and the environment to people , based upon their psychological capacities and limitations .
And the result is making the production process safer but not necessarily totally prevent accidents .
As engineering psychology is applied more and more deeply in design processes , it will make the production , especially the highly complex socio-technical systems with hazardous characteristics , safer than before .
Could the use of psychology have prevented Chernobyl ?
On 26 April 1986 , a catastrophic disaster , which destroyed the city and killed 30 people in a few seconds , fell on Chernobyl .
Massive amounts of radioactive substances spread , and eventually caused approximately 270000 cancer cases and 93000 fatal cancers ( Greenpeace , 2006 ) .
Ever since the disaster occurred , the cause of the accident has been extensively looked into .
Most of the studies have shown that it was the carelessness of the operator and a large number of design errors which led to the disastrous explosion .
Therefore , a wide range of approaches has arisen to enhance safety in the engineering process , and psychology is among one of these approaches .
While opponents deny the capability of psychology to prevent accidents , proponents insist that psychology is applicable to enhancing the safety of a system .
Although some people perceive that psychology would not influence the engineering process much , I do believe that the use of psychology during the design process could have effectively prevented the accident .
Nuclear plants are complex systems , which involve the simultaneous operation of many systems .
Therefore , opponents claimed that psychology might not have been able to detect each of the errors from the complicated design process and the use of psychology would not have prevent the accident .
However , although engineering psychology may not have been able to detect all the errors , the methodology used throughout the process would definitely have pointed out some of the erroneous parts .
According to Noyes ( 1997 ) , the accident mostly occurred due to numerous errors , and elimination of each of the errors could effectively have prevented the accident .
For instance , the control rods used in the exploded Unit 4 reactor , which served to slow down the reactions , were made of boron carbide with graphite tips .
A study in 1983 , three years before this accident , had shown that graphite tips can increase the rate of reaction ( Jacques , 2000 ) .
Clearly , if engineering psychology had been applied , further research would have been carried out during the preparatory phase and the error could have been detected , and this accident may have been prevented .
Opponents perceived that the Chernobyl accident was mainly due to the insufficient knowledge of the designers and operators , and advanced technical knowledge could have been able to prevent the accident instead of the use of psychology .
However , the study of Jacques ( 2000 ) stated that it was the dictatorship of the Soviet Union , rather than technical incompetence , which brought about the Chernobyl accident .
In fact , the scientists in the Soviet Union were equipped with deep technical knowledge , but they were more motivated to produce nuclear weapons out of self interest .
Therefore , the neglect of safety eventually led to bad decisions during the design process .
On the other hand , engineering psychology , which comprises a 'decision gate ' in each design phase , would effectively have enhanced safety from the human point of view .
In fact , the Chernobyl accident arose from a chain of human errors .
Other than the political factor and the use of inappropriate rod materials , the incompetence of the operator , the unwise decision making during the test plan , and the deliberate violation against the procedure for safe operation account for this disaster ( Denton , 1997 ) .
In my opinion , the input of psychology at each stage would have been able to change the erroneous part of the design process and effectively enhanced the safety of the system .
To sum up , engineering psychology provides the means to detect human errors in each phase of the design process and even in the implementation phase .
These preventive acts can prevent the occurrence of a disaster .
Therefore , psychology in engineering is definitely required to promote safety throughout the design process , especially for hazardous systems such as nuclear plants .
With the modernization of the world , the consumption of energy has drastically increased .
There has been opposition which has been further research and development of the VHTR due to high costs , unsafe conditions and low efficiency of the VHTR .
However , I feel that despite these , we should still continue with the further development of the VHTR .
There are fears that the reactor may get overheated as it operates at very high temperatures .
However , with improvements in the machine design and materials used , the VHTR is now cooled by helium which is an inert gas .
The helium gas does not react readily with other gases , which makes it safe to use .
In addition , the material used to build the reactor is graphite which has a high melting point .
Graphite also has high heat capacity and thermal inertia , thus allowing it to withstand high temperatures .
There are skeptics who argue that the high start up cost , due to the materials of the reactor , make it not worthwhile to further research and develop the VHTR .
The aim of the government should be revised and other important needs such as the healthcare of citizens should be considered before building these reactors .
I agree that the start-up cost of VHTR is high as it costs about 114.9 billion US dollars to build .
However , the operating and maintenance costs are much lower as compared to the start up cost .
The fuel used in the VHTR produces a large amount of energy when burnt , thus reducing the amount of fuel burnt .
As the VHTR is able to produce two products , hydrogen and electricity , concurrently , it helps to reduce the cost of producing both products separately .
Critics also highlight the efficiency problems of the VHTR .
If the helium is insufficient , it will not be not possible for the VHTR to operate at its optimum temperature .
However , the VHTR still has a high efficiency rate .
It uses plutonium waste to run the reactor and thus helps to recycle waste products .
The high temperature produced by the reactor can also be used to split water up thermodynamically and thus help to save energy to produce additional energy .
Although helium is seen to be both a good and bad cooling agent .
Moreover , it has high efficiency and the reactor is safe to use .
Cost should not be an issue as it will eventually be reduced with the overhead costs .
Therefore , research and development on the VTHR should continue .
These technologies have many advantages , such as enhancing nuclear safety , minimizing the generation of nuclear waste and decreasing the risk of nuclear weapons proliferation ( Gen IV International Forum,2007 ) .
Although Generation IV nuclear energy systems have so many advantages and plans for four systems have been finalized ( Gen IV International Forum,2007 ) , public opposition questions whether further research and development are still needed for them .
However , and the Gen IV systems will definitely benefit most nations .
Firstly , opponents question the safe operation of the VHTR at over 1000 Celsius degrees under transient conditions .
However , they have failed to consider the inherent characteristic of a helium-cooled , graphite-moderated core which is designed for the VHTR .
The VHTR system takes advantage of the thermal inertia of the graphite and a special property of the helium coolant which is that helium has a single phase .
Because of the effect of graphite , it manages to maintain a high heat capacity and stability at the same time even at extremely high temperatures .
When it is used as the coolant , it hardly interacts with other materials ( { High temperature gas cool reactor technology development } [ HYPERLINK : http : //www.iaea.org/inisnkm/nkm/aws/htgr/fulltext/29026666.pdf ] , 1996 ) .
Therefore , the helium-cooled , graphite-moderated core is on the whole the best design and in this way the safety of the system is almost guaranteed .
Secondly , critics argue that the VHTR is too costly and it will ultimately be eliminated in the future due to economic factors , just like what happened to the HTGR or High-Temperature-Gas-Reactor in 1989 ( International Atomic Energy Agency , n.d ) .
However , even though the one-time capital input is high , the VHTR has low operating and maintenance cost ( Gen IV International Forum , 2007 ) .
From the economic perspective , low variable cost will finally lead to low average cost despite the fact that the fixed cost is quite high .
Moreover , the electricity generation of the VHTR system has an efficiency ratio of higher than 50 percent and it is much more efficient than the Generation III systems .
Such efficient electricity generation will outweigh the high cost of the engineering design and production of the system ( Jaeri , 2002 ) .
In addition , the abundant heat produced in the VHTR system raises the efficiency of hydrogen gas production to a significant level .
Hence , the high one-time economic investment does not seem to be a problem compared with the high efficiency and the significant side product of the VHTR system .
Thirdly , some people are concerned about whether the Generational IV Nuclear Energy System will become a privilege of the wealthy or technologically developed countries and enlarge the gap between the developed countries and the developing countries .
this concern is actually unfounded since most countries have reached the consensus that the development of Generation IV systems would be an international initiative rather than an independent investigation .
According to estimations , these systems will be available by 2030 in both developed countries and developing countries ( Argonne National Laboratory ) .
To sum up , even though there are concerns about the Generation IV VHTR system , such as the potential danger of the system , the high cost of the system and possible negative effects of the system , the advantages of the Generation IV VHTR system surpass its disadvantages .
The Generation IV VHTR system should be fully developed since the VHTR system intends to increase safety , efficiency and reliability as well as provide other benefits such as hydrogen production .
However , most people have never considered the question of how many years the current supplies of petroleum and coal can last .
Scientists have said that human beings can only use petroleum and coal for no more than one or two hundred years more .
Based on that condition , new energy , especially nuclear power , , for which we must change our attitude towards nuclear power .
Nowadays , many people still resist nuclear power because of its so-called danger , its waste and the fear of terrorists .
I can not deny that some tragedies have occurred during the exploration and development of nuclear power .
However I want to emphasize that nuclear power will still be our first choice and many people resist it only because of some misunderstanding about its history .
I suggest that we can use Supercritical-water-cooled reactors , which are efficient , safe and environmentally-friendly .
From the angle of safety , many people are afraid of the hypothesis that terrorists may attack the reactors because they are the best targets to create chaos and cause mass destruction .
Actually , the issue is being considered in the countries where these nuclear reactors are being built .
As the Pittsburgh Tribune Review January 18 , 2007 reported , the US Nuclear Regulatory Commission said that in the future , the design of nuclear power reactors , such as SWCR , will take into consideration avoiding to prevent attacks by terrorists .
In addition , according to a research group , concrete structure used in such reactors can withstand a deliberate crash by a military jet .
Furthermore , most countries in the world have regarded fighting terrorism as one of their main tasks in the future .
They will try their best to prevent terrorism and spare no effect to protect their nation from being attacked .
Therefore , terrorism should not become an obstacle in the development of nuclear reactors .
However , many people fear nuclear reactors because they are not assured of their safety .
People may be afraid that some accident may happen in such a tough environment .
However , nowadays , a nuclear reactor contains many safety features , such as automatic shutdown of the fission process by insertion of control rods , emergency water-cooling for the core in case of pipeline breakage , and a concrete containment shell which can help prevent accidents .
Last but not least , some people say that the heavy metals in nuclear wastes may cause a lot of environmental problems .
However , this new kind of reactor is quite environmentally-friendly .
What 's more , it also has a waste recycling system , which is a combination of two parts .
This recycling system makes it more environmentally-friendly than other reactors .
Thus , we need not worry about how to deal with the waste because of these two significant steps .
Nowadays , with the development of nuclear power , more and more problems have been solved by nuclear scientists and engineers .
, we can build solid reactors as well as emphasise anti-terrorism at the global level .
and drying the waste to reduce the emitting of waste from a reactor .
I think we already have enough reasons to make full use of nuclear power to benefit the whole world as well as our future generations .
People have been putting efforts to improve engineering designs to eliminate unexpected accidents .
Not surprisingly , psychology plays a crucial role in engineering design processes .
Engineering psychology can be understood as the study of human behaviors , as well as designing and building mechanical devices or artificial environments to improve human interaction with a system , and to satisfy anthropometric or psychological requirements so that people will use the devices ( Wickens & Kramer , 1985 ) .
Up till now , the most deadly aircraft accident in aviation history has been the Tenerife accident on March 27 , 1977 , with a death toll of 583 .
Basically , both human errors and system failure led to this tragedy .
Although there is not one definite cause for such accidents , the correct use of psychology in certain areas , including the design of the airport , the communication procedure and the training of manpower , may help to prevent similar disasters in the future .
Designers failed to consider that the airport needed to accommodate a large number of planes , resulting in parking congestion which was one of the reasons for the accident .
Otherwise , the Pan Am plane could have entered the first or the second taxi way .
Therefore , it would have never collided with the KLM plane .
Furthermore , located just close to cloud level , the airport area had a very special fog pattern .
However , designers actually did not install radars .
However , claimed that it was not economic to build a large airport in such a small place with such few people .
As Tenerife had been seeing more and more visitors , people should anticipate some contingencies , and a safe airport with the necessary facilities should have been ensured to anticipate such unscheduled landings .
Secondly , communication was also a serious problem in this accident .
Actually , the Air Traffic Controller ( ATC ) was using only one channel to communicate with two approaching airplanes at the same time .
The controllers did not consider that the same frequency made them unable to hear each other clearly , so that the ATC failed to get the information that the Pan Am was still on the run way .
To make things worse , as professional controllers , they should have used standardized terminologies for communication , but they actually did not .
Words such as " take off " should never have been used in an ATC clearance but they did .
The ambiguous language caused confusion such that the Pan Am pilots , the KLM pilots , and the ground controllers did not get the proper information .
Some people may argue that during those early years , having lowly educated air controllers was inevitable .
It was hard to find a Spaniard speaking English fluently .
However , people still need to consider communication as an important issue and try to find a precise and standard language for aviation communication .
Last but not least , the training of the captains and the crews also contributed to the accident in a sense .
The captain of the KLM was used to being a training captain , which means he conducted training flights more than regular line flights .
However , many operational problems only emerge during the actual flight .
Hence , when the captain encountered problems , he may not have kept calm and made the correct decision .
Though the accident can not be entirely attributed to the captain , he had the highest power and should have been experienced enough to seek safety for all the passengers .
Hence , both theoretical and operational training should be reinforced for all training captains and crews. .
On the other hand , there are also countries that are against this idea , such as Germany , which is withdrawing its nuclear programme ( BBC , 2009 ) .
The reason for opposing nuclear programmes is that nuclear accidents release harmful radiation that has adverse effects on humans and the environment .
This is seen in the nuclear accident at Three Mile Island in 1979 followed by the Chernobyl accident in 1986 , which have reinforced fears of nuclear power in the people .
In addition , many are concerned that nuclear reactors are prone to being used as weapons of mass destruction by terrorists and hostile countries .
Firstly , in terms of safety , the VHTR is said to be a relatively safe nuclear reactor because it includes a back-up emergency core cooling system .
However , the MSR operates under an even safer condition .
The method of cooling in the MSR is more efficient than the VHTR because if the MSR coolant salt overheats and overflows , the coolant salt will be transported to various storage tanks which are installed with passive decay heat cooling systems , so they are verified to be critically-safe .
Besides the storage tanks , freeze valves that will automatically open whenever they detect overheating of the salt are also installed .
Secondly , the overall performance of the MSR also surpasses the VHTR , making the MSR a better nuclear reactor .
Besides the varying sizes that an MSR could work in , it is also able to operate at two varying temperatures of 705 and 1000 ( Butler , 2004 ) .
This shows that at the same temperature , the MSR is at least 10 % more efficient than the VHTR .
Therefore , countries should invest in the MSR which is more efficient than the VHTR in terms of overall plant efficiency .
Last but not least , waste recycling in the MSR allows better usage of materials as well as ensures a lower cost of operation .
The system collects and processes the wastes according to their physical and chemical properties , and separates the residual fuel from the wastes .
This in turn reduces the volume of material disposed of since plutonium and uranium make up almost 97 % of the entire mass of fuel used in generating nuclear energy .
This will also lead to reduction in costs since capital spent on reactants are significantly reduced ( The National Academies Press , 1984 ) .
Scientists and engineers are now thinking of developing a new generation of nuclear reactors that can solve many problems such as green-house effects , the rising prices of energy and the safety of nuclear reactors .
In " Nuclear Power 's New Dawn " , Butler ( 2004 ) mentions six concepts of Generation IV ( GenIV ) reactors .
While some proponents totally support further research and development funding for this concept , others still doubt the benefits of the SCWR since there are many challenging problems in the R&D process .
It is often argued that the SCWR is rather safe in comparison with other generation IV reactor concepts because it operates at rather low temperatures , ranging from 510 to 550 ° C ( Butler , 2004 ) .
Although this argument is true , high operating temperatures is not the only source of accidents in a reactor .
At such a level of pressure , the steel used in nuclear reactors is easily corroded by high temperature water .
Another safety problem comes from the very fast turbine speed of the SWCR ( about 3600 rpm , twice as fast as the existing Light Water Reactor ( LWR ) ) .
Therefore , we must stress the importance of finding suitable materials that are stress-resistant and anti-corrosive and develop a reliable auxiliary feed water system .
However , one disadvantage of the SWCR is that it , in fact , is the only concept among the GenIV reactors that does not produce hydrogen fuel .
The temperature needed to split hydrogen from water in a reactor is from 700 to 900 ° C and even if the SCWR could produce hydrogen , separating it with liquid water would become a big problem .
Hydrogen fuel is considered the energy for the future since it is carbon-free , non-toxic , less of a fire risk and more highly efficient than petrol .
Furthermore , it should be noted that if most car owners switched to fully electric cars , many countries would need to double their electricity production ( Louis , 2009 ) .
Therefore , it would be better if we develop reactors that can generate hydrogen fuel rather than ones that can only generate electricity .
The SWCR is preferred to other GenIV concepts because of its simple design , which indicates that it will be cheaper and easier to develop and operate .
One example is the very-high-temperature reactor ( VHTR ) which can produce hydrogen fuel and which can be completed by 2020 ( the earliest delivery for the SCWR is 2025 ) .
Moreover , the estimated amount of money needed for R&D activities for the VHTR is about $ 670 m ( versus $ 870m for the SCWR ) .
Although the VHTR also has its own challenges in R&D , it is , besides the SCWR , highly interesting to the experts .
Although it can not be denied that SCWR is the most practical one among the six concepts of GenIV reactors , it is not the only choice .
Developing a new generation of nuclear reactor costs us not only a huge amount of money , but also a lot of time and manpower .
Therefore , we must consider carefully when choosing whether to develop the SCWR or other concepts .
The public is very concerned about the safe operation of nuclear reactors and there have been debates on whether the Generation IV nuclear reactor should be built or not .
Issues being discussed are the safety of operating the nuclear reactor as there have been catastrophic events in the past like the Three Mile Island and Chernobyl disasters ( Butler , 2004 ) .
The cost of building a nuclear reactor as it involves billions of dollars of taxpayers ' money .
These are the main factors why few nuclear reactors have been built in the past few decades in many countries and I agree that the Generation IV nuclear reactor should not be built .
Over the years , nuclear technology has improved and in principle , created the term 'meltdown proof ' reactors whereby the nuclear reactor can cool themselves down in the event of an accident with minimal impact or minimal,if any , human intervention ( Butler , 2004 ) .
Hence , the safety of the nuclear reactors has always been the main issue surrounding the building of nuclear power plants .
However , human error is a factor that decides whether the safety system in place works in the event of a failure ( Greenpeace ) .
Events that clearly show the effects of a nuclear meltdown are the Chernobyl disaster that resulted in 336,000 people being exposed to radioactive chemicals and being relocated .
The result of the explosion has been linked to many forms of cancer in Eastern Europe and Russia , as well as to the destruction of animals and plants .
Waste from the nuclear facility is another major issue .
Although the development and research of Generation IV reactors produces less nuclear waste , the main problem lies in getting rid of it rather than in storing it .
According to Andrew Blowers , a former member of the Committee for Radioactive Waste Management ( CoRWM ) , which advised the government , the nuclear waste does not decompose easily and will last for thousands if not millions of years ; thus , it will impose a burden on future generations .
cost has always been one of the biggest issues of building a nuclear reactor .
Unfortunately , no more than three of the six designs are likely to survive the feasibility testing phase and go on to become research prototypes , each costing at least US $ 1 billion or more to build and test ( Butler , 2004 ) , thus wasting taxpayers ' money .
To summarize why nuclear reactors should not be built , no nuclear reactor in the world is inherently safe as all operational reactors have inherent safety flaws which can not be eliminated by safety upgrading .
For example , highly radioactive spent fuel requires constant cooling .
There will always be nuclear waste regardless of the amount the development and research of Generation IV nuclear reactors can reduce .
Billions of dollars are being spent on building a nuclear reactor and not just a few million .
Furthermore , there is no guaranteed of building a successful nuclear reactor .
With emission of green house gases now soaring , nuclear energy , as a non-carbon dioxide source , is finding its way back on the table .
However , the huge cost and the potential danger prevent nuclear plants from being widely accepted .
Actually , GIF ( the Generation IV International Forum , a consortium of ten nations that is planning the nuclear reactors of tomorrow ) has already budgeted for R&D funding for the new generation of the Generation IV reactors ( Butler , 2004 ) .
Although there are some opposing voices against this funding , it is a wise decision to provide R&D funding for Generation IV reactors .
Opponents of R&D funding for generation IV reactors claim that nuclear plants are very dangerous ( Ashcroft , 2008 ) because of the radioactive wastes and the radioactive materials that escape from the reactors ( Ashcroft , 2008 ) .
However , these two disadvantages are not problems for the Generation IV reactors .
This is because all the six concepts of Generation IV reactors operate at a very high temperature ranging from 510 degrees C to 1000 degrees C and have a highly automatic circular system , so the radioactive waste can be minimized to a very safe level ( Butler , 2004 ) .
In addition , unlike what the public thinks , there are almost no radioactive materials escaping from the reactors except in an unexpected accident .
This is true for previous generations of reactors .
However , if the Generation IV reactors really work , ( Butler , 2004 ) .
As mentioned above , the new reactors operate at very high temperatures and have highly automatic cycle systems , so they are more efficient .
For instance , the VHTR ( very-high-temperature reactor , one of the six concepts of Generation IV reactors ) can produce fifty percent more electricity with the same amount of resources ( Butler , 2004 ) .
Therefore , the cost of the resources can be significantly reduced .
Furthermore , due to the highly automatic system , the capital spent on hiring experienced operators and building offsite monitoring systems can be reduced .
The final argument advanced by opponents is that this new generation of reactors will be more of a terrorist target , because they are more powerful ( Ashcroft , 2008 ) .
The reason is that all the six concepts of Generation IV reactors contain simplified safety features that no longer depend on sophisticated operators , which means that they can cool themselves if anything goes wrong in the whole process .
Therefore , any attempt to deliberately trigger an accident will be in vain .
It should be evident that arguments against providing R&D funding for Generation IV reactors are not valid .
Moreover , the simplified safety feature makes those new reactors less of a terrorist target .
Global warming and rising energy demands are redefining the concept of nuclear power .
The Generation IV International Forum ( GIF ) is a consortium of countries planning future nuclear reactors .
Very High Temperature Reactor ( VHTR ) , one of the Gen IV reactors , holds much potential .
To date , the nuclear industry has created a lot of problems ( safety of nuclear installations , nuclear waste , radioactive emissions and so on ) without a solution , and with the current growth rate , nuclear power would not be able to play an important role in future world energy production CITATION But04 \ l 1033 ( Butler , 2004 ) .Research and development funding for developing VHTR must thus be increased while addressing public concerns about safety and improving design to reduce costs and improve performance .
means that VHTR can produce 50 % more electricity from the same amount of fuel compared to existing reactors . In addition , it can be used to produce hydrogen which holds much potential as a fuel of the future .
However , reactors will need new coolants as ordinary water can not be used under typical pressurized conditions CITATION But04 \ l 1033 ( Butler , 2004 ) .
A large capital is required for the building of Generation IV nuclear reactors .
The Greenpeace report of 2005 says that the estimated costs for the development of the six Gen IV concepts are about US $ 6 billion CITATION Aus07 \ l 1033 ( Austrian Institute of Ecology , 2007 ) .
France intends to replace its ageing plants using a US $ 3.5 billion Generation Three reactors ( Butler , 2004 ) .
Better performance has to be weighed against high building and maintenance costs .
VHTR systems do not use waste recycling , thus reducing the risk of proliferation .
Public opinion is against the construction of nuclear reactors due to the partial reactor meltdown accident in 1979 at Three Mile Island , Pennsylvania and the 1986 accident at Chernobyl in Ukraine ( Butler , 2004 ) .
It is generally recognized that it is a practical impossibility to render civilian nuclear energy systems proliferation-proof CITATION Hir05 \ l 1033 ( Hirsch , Becker , Schneider & Froggatt , 2005 ) .
The development of Gen IV nuclear reactors is necessary to respond to the upcoming scarcity of fissile material , the issue of proliferation and the requirement for safe repositories for nuclear waste .
Research still has to be done to work on a better cooling system and material that can withstand very high temperatures ( Butler , 2004 ) .
Shortages in energy supply and insecurities caused due to rising oil prices and the threat of climate change clearly show the need for the development of nuclear power .
Nowadays , as the population of the world is increasing rapidly , humans are facing a severe food crisis .
One good way to solve this problem is to develop Genetically Modified Food .
Currently , because of the uncertain effects of Genetically Modified Food ( GMF ) , it has not been widely accepted .
However , I believe that GMF has a very bright future .
According to Whitman ( 2000 ) , the term GM foods is commonly used to refer to crop plants created for human or animal consumption using the latest molecular biology techniques , and such food has been modified in the laboratory to meet people 's demands .
GM foods have advantages over food from traditional plants .
So the amount of chemical substances used will be largely reduced .
In addition , we can increase crop yield by cultivating GM plants .
However , although GM food is not a new term to us , many people are still concerned about the consumption of GM food .
One major concern is whether GM food will do harm to human bodies .
As a result , the effects of GM food in human consumption are still relatively unknown .
Toxins and proteins produced by GM food may have unknown side effects if consumed over long periods of time ( Cardiosk 2008 ) .
People are afraid that GM plants may break the balance in nature .
They may transmit their special genes to other species or restrain other plants ' growth thereby causing disasters .
We need to solve these problems by enhancing the assessment of GM food .
most people are only worry about the uncertain effects of GM food .
GM foods are not like common drugs or chemicals ; they are more complex .
But if we can precisely evaluate the impacts of the GM foods on the human body and verify that they are healthy , people would accept them .
One of these assessment methods is to compare the GM foods and their original natural species .
Moreover , scientists have come up with a new method , in which they insert a special kind of gene into the plant cell to prevent the plant from breeding .
In conclusion , GM foods have not been fully developed , even until now .
Their impacts on human bodies and environments are not clear .
But in my point of view , it is just a matter of time .
Scientists will enhance the safety of GM food with new genetic and assessment technologies in the near future .
In the accident , 56 people were killed and about 600000 people were exposed to significant levels of radiation ( Greenpeace , Jan2009 , ) .
As the result , many people are afraid of nuclear power even until today .
Although there are a lot of opposition to the reborn of nuclear power ; there is some evidence which show that the potential benefits of molten salt reactor ( MSR ) far outweigh its dangers .
According to the former director of that plant , it was pure luck that the plant had no meltdown ; otherwise , it could be another disaster ( Greenpeace , Jan2009 ,
Firstly , the molten salts have low chemical activity at sea-level pressure .
Besides that , there is a passive cooling system which includes passively cooled dump tanks that will perform emergency cooling and shutdown in any emergency conditions ( Forsberg , C.F , June2006 , ) .
Moreover , in a MSR , the mobile fission products are removed continuously and reused .
Since the beginning of nuclear power , radioactive waste has remained a major problem .
However , according to a study published in 2001 , there was a significant increment of leukaemia among under-25 year olds who were living within 10 km of La Hague nuclear reprocessing plants , in northwest France ( Greenpeace , Jan2009 , ) .
Yet , reprocessing the radioactive waste and recycling the salts seem to be possible in MSR .
Some of the radionuclide is still left out in this recycling process .
Still , a molten salt reactor is worth its price .
Moreover , the system of circulating molten salt fuel mixture can reduce the operation cost considerably which provide MSR another advantage
( . Besides that , MSR has a lower construction cost as it is smaller compared to other types of nuclear reactors .
This is because MSR system offers an integrated fuel cycle and embodies a breeder reactor concept .
In conclusion , though many people are still opposing the concept of reactor generation IV , I believe that MSR could bring the nuclear power to another new age .
MSR has many advantages such being cost-effective , minimize the danger of disposal and it has a nearly perfect safety precaution which reduce accident rates greatly .
However , safety precautions and corrective actions are not fail-proof .
Furthermore , it is essential to note that the most damaging errors made by the engineering team is not regarding the technical aspect of the engineering process but with regard to ethic issues which often jeopardize safety .
Hence analysis of the mind and behavior of man may potentially help rule out the possibilities of such occurrences .
In the case of the Hyatt Regency walkway collapse , human error was undeniably one of the most influencing factors underlying the failure of the structure .
Even though the collapse of the walkway was due to the failure of components of the structure , it would not have been fatal if the errors were identified and corrected in time .
Not only do engineers have to communicate within their team , but also with representatives from various other levels .
In times , the breakdown of the communication system can lead to disastrous consequences
In the case of the Regency accident , the miscommunication between the engineering team and Havens Steel Company , the contractor responsible for manufacturing the rods , is very much accountable for the fatal accident .
The manufacturers were not informed of the possible effects of the change in material .
In the case of the Hyatt Regency accident , the failure to foresee the large crowd and hence larger workload is one great mistake made by the engineers .
Hence , it will be of importance to verify the maximum load that the walkway is able to withstand .
In the case of the Hyatt Regency accident , the application of psychology would possibly have prevented the accident .
Since the first use of nuclear reactor as electricity generator in 1957 , the public has been very concerned about its safe operation ( { Matthew } [ HYPERLINK : http : //www.nytimes.com/info/nuclear-energy/ ] , n.d. ) .
Public opposition is even more intense after the accidents at Three Mile Island [ HYPERLINK : http : //www.pddoc.com/tmi2/kemeny/ ] and Chernobyl .
But recently , vast amounts of supporters have surfaced , mainly due to the urgent need in reducing carbon dioxide emissions .
As a result , six generation 4 reactor concepts were proposed by the Generation 4 International Forum ( GIF ) , offering substantial advancement in safety and reliability , sustainability , cost and physical protection (
Opponents of VHTR might claim that Lead-Cooled Fast Reactor ( LFR ) exhibit better safety features for its selection of molten lead as relatively inert coolant ( Generation IV Technology , n.d. ) .
However , the VHTR offers higher degree of passive safety ; for instance , it is built underground and uses the earth to sink most of the heat produced .
Since reprocessing of nuclear waste can eminently reduces raw fuel input and conserves the world 's uranium supplies ( ) , opponents might argue that the Gas-Cooled Fast Reactor [ HYPERLINK : http : //www.gen-4.org/Technology/systems/gfr.htm ] ( GFR ) , { Molten Salt Reactor } [ HYPERLINK : http : //www.gen-4.org/Technology/systems/msr.htm ] ( MSR ) , { Sodium-Cooled Fast Reactor } [ HYPERLINK : http : //www.gen-4.org/Technology/systems/sfr.htm ] ( SFR ) , and LFR offer better performance with the adoption of reprocessing ( Butler , 2004 ) .
On the other hand , reprocessing is extremely expensive , costing more than uranium fuel itself ( ) .
On the contrary , the VHTR does not have this issue , for it operates in a once-through uranium cycle .
Since plutonium - the main substance in manufacturing nuclear weapon - is not separated with the nuclear waste , it can not be easily extracted to build nuclear weapons ( ) .
The VHTR is equipped with superior passive safety features with its underground construction , which also greatly increases its security and physical protection .
Furthermore , the VHTR offers high thermal efficiency , while retaining the capability of hydrogen production and utilization in heat process applications .
Finally , the VHTR also provides high proliferation resistance , which prevents the production of new nuclear weapons , maintaining peace in the world .
However , many controversies have emerged over the development of nuclear reactors because of fear of nuclear leakage and accident .
Considering the fact that global warming has becoming an increasingly serious problem nowadays , the development of nuclear power is quite necessary .
But if it is to figure in the energy equation , it will need to be cheaper , cleaner and safer " , .
However , compared with VHTR , the sodium-cooled fast reactor ( SFR ) has more advantages and should be chosen as a main type of reactor in the future .
Furthermore , the closed fuel of SFR can utilize almost all the energy provided by the fuels and the recovery and recycle of the actinides in SFR can reach about 99.9 % , which indicate the high efficiency of SFR .
Although the sodium is radioactive and easily has chemical reaction with water and air , the self-activated shutdown system of SFR has largely reduced the possibilities of the leakage of sodium .
More importantly , an extra loop which is called secondary system acts as a buffer in case of reactions between the sodium and water ( Roglans , Allen & Line , 2002 ) .
Another argument advanced by opponents of SFR is that it can only produce electricity and it has shown little promise of becoming an economical reactor so far ( ) .
It is true that the VHTR can produce not only electricity but also hydrogen ; however , the electricity is more widely used than hydrogen nowadays .
Actually , the hydrogen energy system is not very matured because of the limited technology .
All of these facts show that the SFR is more economical and flexible than VHTR .
On the contrary , the SFR system has more advantages over VHTR on its safety , efficiency and costs , which make the SFR a promising reactor .
The accident resulted in a total of 101 deaths and caused 88 injuries .
The cause of the accident was due to a broken wheel that led to the derailment of the entire train ( 1998 ) .
Further probing into the accident revealed that although the wheels were not fully tested and commissioned , the wheels were already in service .
Furthermore , in-depth investigations revealed that before the night of the accident , the maintenance crew did not carry out their maintenance jobs properly .
Therefore , if a psychologist had been in place during the designing , testing and maintenance phase , the chance of the accident happening would have been minimal .
From the feedback they received from customers , the company said that passengers could hear loud vibrations and dinnerware and glasses were moving across the table when the train was moving at cruising speed ( ) .Thus , the engineers were tasked to come up with a new design to solve problem .
The engineers claimed that they have superior technical knowledge and by following the specifications on the datasheets closely , there would unlikely be any mistakes in the design . Hence , minimal testing was required .
During the testing phase , the psychologist would have proposed that the engineers further test the wheel at a much higher speed , observe problems the wheels might develop under wear and tear conditions .
He would also have said that since there were no testing facilities present , the engineers could have brought the wheel out to other countries to run the required tests .
Furthermore , Fraunhofer Institute told the company that it is possible that the wheels would fail earlier than expected ( 09 ) .
Yet , no actions were taken by the company to replace the failing wheels .
To ensure that the wheels were replaced , the psychologist , in this case , would have constantly reminded the engineers to correct the errors present on the wheels .
The company claimed that the maintenance crew had many years of experience in inspection and repairing of wheels . Therefore , they were the " experts " in that area and whatever they said could be fully trusted .
Yet , the maintenance crew did not bother to repair or replace the wheel , assuming that it would only cause discomfort throughout the journey ( ) .
Just imagine that there may have been relatives or friends of the crew seating in the train that the crew assumed to be safe . In the end , an accident happened , and the lives of those they knew were gone .
Thus , if a psychologist was included during the designing , testing and maintenance phase , the chance of the accident occurring would have been very minimal as the psychologist would have helped ensure that the design and testing of the wheels complied to the standards set by the organization .
During the maintenance phase , the psychologist would have advised the maintenance crew to be more serious in their . The safety of many lives depended on . They should not have been complacent just because they had many years of experience .
To end , I can say that with the inclusion of a psychologist , the chance of the accident happening would have been very minimal .
In addition , the cost of constructing nuclear reactors must be , given the economic constraints today .
Next , the society is concerned with the safety and security aspect of Generation IV reactors .
A solution to this could be to enforce countries that are intending to build nuclear reactors to sign the nuclear pact with the International Atomic Energy Agency ( IAEA ) or else legal actions might be taken against them .
The waste and pollution produced by nuclear reactors is a worrying issue to both the environmentalists and the public , however the U.S. Department of Energy ( DOE ) has already considered this issue and more attention is paid to it .
By approaching the design process from a psychological angle , the usability , functionality , safety and required user competencies of the design product are ensured to match user expectations .
The accident occurred on 28 January , 1986 when Challenger disintegrated over the Atlantic Ocean seventy-three seconds into its flight , causing the death of its seven crew members .
It was not known if the O-rings were able to seal properly at temperatures less than 12 ° C and the launch was done in cold weather at a temperature of -1 ° C .
The engineers could only report to their immediate managers who only reported to their direct supervisors .
Because of this mindset , the engineers dared not go above supervisors with their concerns for fear that they might lose their job .
However , the development of technology has resulted in a continuous evolution of nuclear energy systems .
The memories of the 1979 reactor meltdown at Three Mile Island made the US government hesitate to order new nuclear power plants ( Nature , 2004 ) .
Also Lead 's low vapor pressure lowers the chances of core explosion and its high shielding capability of gamma radiations minimizes potential off-site radioactive contamination (
All these factors reflect the LFR as a more reliable future nuclear power generator .
The physical protection promises top security of building nuclear power plants like the LFR .
Studies have shown that the average cost of a nuclear plant is about $ 30 per Megawatt-hour which is only slightly higher than $ 29.1 per Megawatt-hour of a coal plant
Considering the efficiency , sustainability , and environmental friendliness of a nuclear power plant , these benefits far outweighs the small economic disadvantages
In order to overcome the energy shortage situation today , human beings have tried many ways to explore new kinds of energy , for instance , natural energy which includes wind energy and water energy .
Therefore , scientists and publics have suggested that we can develop one kind of energy which can produce high energy efficiently , and that kind of energy is known as nuclear energy .
In my point of view , using nuclear energy is the right way to meet today 's increasing energy demand , due to its high efficiency and environmental emission .
There are several disadvantages of using nuclear energy : The funds paid on developing this technology is high , the time taking to explore the technology is long and there exists dangers which can actually be solved .
Secondly , if we do not use nuclear energy , it will cause a serious shortage of fuel , which will lead to the increase the price of electricity .
Thirdly , if we keep using normal fuel energy instead of nuclear energy , it will weaken the quality of the gas , since it will emit green house gases . In order to deal with global warming , governments will pay a lot of money .
Here it is suitable to make an assumption . If the time used to explore this technology is fixed , according to the conclusion reached in the previous paragraph , it is easy to know that if we explore the nuclear energy earlier , we can save more money and save more resources .
Moreover , human beings now can not find a kind of ideal energy to replace nuclear energy .
It is true that dangers still exist , however , with the development of the technology , it is desirable that those dangers could be overcome .
To sum up , the Generation IV reactors is a trend of the 21st century . It will make a great improvement and progress for our life .
with the increasing demand of energy , only nuclear energy is the correct choice as it has so many advantages as compared with other kinds of energies .
Its high efficiency is the most attractive . The environmental emission makes it better for human beings .
Even though there are shortages that still exist , it is believed that with the development of the technology , all the problems will be solved and all the difficulties can be overcome .
There is a relationship between psychology and design process which can prevent accidents from happening .
Here is an example of a real major industrial accident . The world 's deadliest high-speed train accident , which occurred on 3rd June 1998 , in Eschede , Germany .
The steel tire on the wheel broke and peeled away from the wheel , penetrating into the floor of the train .
The train was totally damaged after hitting a bridge support .
The proximate causes were the disintegration of the wheel rim and the failure to stop the train after the wheel had delaminated .
If the wheel did not crack , no metal would have been embedded into the train and the derailment of the train would not have happened .
Other than that , if the train had been stopped immediately when the wheel had disintegrated , the disaster might not have occurred and countless lives would have been saved .
Unfortunately , no one pulled the emergency brake during the emergency condition .
All these show that decision-making and human action played an important part in the cause of the accident besides component failure .
Design errors in socio-technical system have really made a significant difference in their reliability and safe operation .
However , it is better to use the path of feed-forward control of , , to do a correct original system design right from the beginning .
To improve design safety , a scientist is needed .
Apart from this , a scientist may also be called upon to help evaluate the prototype by using simulation techniques .
" The reasonable person adapts himself to the world : the unreasonable one persists in trying to adapt the world to himself .
" ( ) .
The conception of engineering psychology was first brought out during the First World War , when people found that the efficiency of machines was reduced sharply when they were operated by women instead of men ( these machines were designed for men and not women ) .
However it is hard to say whether we can solve the engineering problems by simply improving the psychological problems , since for many engineering incidences the technical problems had occupied an overwhelming part .
Hence in this essay I will argue about the proportion of psychological problems and technological problems during engineering incidences and give a conclusion from my own view .
Based on the report provided by Reason ( 1990 ) , 92 % of all nuclear utility accidents between 1983-1984 were caused by people and only 8 % of them were cause by control room operators .
For instance , there were two serious incidences which are cited frequently in technical literature .
They happened in Three Mile Island and Chernobyl .
The failure for the first one included operators who were unprepared to handle serious accident due to the lack of training . Complex and confusing operating procedures led to the operators ' incorrect action . There were problem within the Nuclear Regulatory Commission .
The first factor relates to people 's misunderstanding of effects of their actions on the whole system . The second factor is a kind of persistent action which is made by a small and cohesive group in the process of pursuing an unsuitable aim .
What is the most important evidence for his theories is that after realizing these engineering psychology problems , quite a lot of America 's nuclear institutes began to train their staff in a psychology-related way , which indeed prevented the nuclear accidents from happening again till now .
Although there is nuclear incidences have not happened in recent years , it is too biased to say that the engineering psychology can solve the problems by itself .
One saying about the cause of Chernobyl disaster is the problem in peculiarities of physics and the construction of the reactor ( ) .
These problems definitely can not be solved from psychological view since even we had solved all human-related problems , these defects of system are still vital .
However , the human-factor has again been considered as the main cause to the reactor design by IAEA 's 1986 analysis ( ) .
To simply solve one of them will contribute nothing to the problem .
After centuries ' of , oil and coal , which humans have deeply relied on in the past few hundred years , will soon dry up .
To solve this problem , people have tried to find different energy substitutions , among which is nuclear energy .
As carbon dioxide emission soars and energy demands have increased rapidly in years , the nuclear option is finding its way to the table .
Consequently , generation IV nuclear systems were born , which includes six models .
Generation IV International Forum ( GIF ) , as the authority in nuclear power development , has shown data which demonstrates that the basic technology for the VHTR has been well established in former High Temperature Gas Reactors plants .
As a result of scary impressions left by two severe nuclear plants accidents in history , many people reject VHTR because of the security issue .
However , the two accidents were both due to human factors rather than the reactors ' own deflects .
What 's more , many scientists have studied the operation security of VHTR , like He on the Third International Topical Meeting on High Temperature Reactor Technology in South Africa and put forward some constructive suggestions to improve the security condition of high temperature reactors .
Considering all these , we should have confidence that we will build secure nuclear reactors which will avoid tragedies
Many politicians reject VHTR on the excuse that the cost is too much
When high cost eventually returns us the ample energy supply and clean and comfortable living environment , all the seeming expensive cost is worth spending .
Moreover , the oil and coal crisis forces us to search for substitutions , or else , we could not survive in future competitions .
It deserves all the effort , in terms of security insurance and work efficiency .
So now we should pay more attention to the developing progress and give more financial support .
Originated from Ernest Rutherford 's theory about atomic structure and Albert Einstein 's well known mass-energy formula , the development of nuclear power has bypassed a glorious century and has become one of the major electrical energy sources now (
Moreover , besides electricity power , GFR concept plants can also produce hydrogen ( Butler , 2004 ) .
As a result , the limitation of Uranium would be of less concern while considering the expansion of nuclear power .
Some of the damage reports done by scientists suggest that a minimal of 30000 deaths in 1986 were related to cancer arising from extreme exposure to the radiation .
This tragic event could have been avoided , or at least , the resultant damage kept minimal if psychology was implemented in the operating process and procedures of the plant .
Soviet engineers used it even though the design was flawed and had a positive void coefficient ( RBMK , 2006 ) .
This was probably due to the fact that the design was unique and was not only found anywhere and posed a great risk. .
Some of the strengths of the RBMK reactor would be that it could be refilled on the go and sustain no core damage for a significant length of time should there be a power loss
While some may argue that training was unrecorded or informal , it is only proper to provide authorized and thorough training so that accidents can be avoided .
Based on Wilpert ( 2007 ) ,had psychology been used in this context , the explosion at Chernobyl could have been averted .
As mentioned in the previous point , funding from the government could have helped to reduce the strain on the firm running the plant .
External parties could have been called in to provide the training required .
The use of psychology in design processes reduces problems by enabling an engineer to consider the pros and cons of his decision .
The use of psychology would seek to improve engineering designs by preventing human errors associated with the process .
As more engineers feel stressful from their high workload , a psychologist plays an important role in their work .
Designing products should include psychological factors for consumers and operators .
An inadequate industrial design may lead to catastrophic consequences
( Bernhard , 2006 . Many people argue that psychology is non-related with engineering design ; companies do not need to spend extra money on the unnecessary outcome .
Human error has been recognized as the main reason for industry accidents ; psychology can prevent human error
( Woods , 1994 .
The amount is a large amount .
The three Mile Island accident was the result of human error and design problems ( ) .
The whole factory was in ruins , all the residents living in the villages close to the Three Mile Island had to move away .
It is more expensive than S $ 144000 , and thousands of lives were threatened .
People .
The engineering design is to apply technologies to help people solve problems .
The issue of how to attract consumers is not the business of engineers .
Furthermore , they think the job of design engineer is to build factory structure and to operate something that belongs to operators .
It sounds correct to some extent .
, engineers must consider safe factors when they design the structure
( Dominic , 2002 . The safe factors include psychological components .
If the arrangements of products and instructions are incomprehensible and complicated , purchasers will be confused when using these gadgets
( Bernhard , 2006 . If people do not like using the product , the product is a failure .
Design engineers always overestimate the ability of users ; the design may not give sufficient help to operators
( Bernhard , 2006 . Three Mile Island 's tragic consequence was caused by inadequate structure design .
When the radioactive gas and coolant leaked , the valve should have been closed immediately in order to prevent radioactive materials draining away .
The operator thought that the valve has been closed , but there was no instrument showing the position of the valve
( . Then this accident happened .
If designers had designed an instrument to show the process of cooling circuit , then operators would have known that the valve had not been closed , and this disaster would have been prevented .
People who opposite views insist that psychologists can help engineers release their high working pressures .
The work efficiency is different when people work with different feelings .
Psychology can help them have an active and optimistic attitude towards work .
Psychology has prevented accidents to some extent . It has guaranteed the workers ' mental health .
.
Furthermore , psychologists can persuade engineers to have good attitude towards their work and help engineers to release their pressure .
Nuclear power deserves research funding
This is from the emissions of greenhouse gas , such as carbon dioxide , in energy generation using fossil fuels .
As a result , there is an urgent need to find substitutes for coal and oil .
Under such circumstances , scientists and engineers have found a new kind of energycallednuclear energy .
According to Butler ( 2004 ) , partial reactor melted down in 1979 at Three Mile Island , Pennsylvania , and 1986 accident at Chernobyl in Ukraine , during which the reactor core exploded , killing some 31 people immediately
Moreover , " Laws and statues exist in most countries to ensure the safe operation of nuclear plant " ( Lillington , 2004 ) ] .
Hence , security of nuclear energy generation can be guaranteed and there is no need to worry too much about security .
According to Stephens ( 2006 ) , the US spends $ 1 billion on FutureGen project which aims at development of carbon capture and storage technologies ( ] .
In addition , the global warming effects may result in droughts which will reduce crop . Air pollution can result in acid rain which can corrode many properties .
Substitutes must be found before fossil fuel totally runs out .
In conclusion , the opposition reasons for nuclear power technology can be overthrown .
The nuclear power technology can solve not only environmental problems caused by the combustion of fossil fuel , but also energy shortage at low cost and in environmental-friendly way .
Many skeptics oppose the idea of building nuclear reactors as they fear that a similar incident to that in Chernobyl might happen again .
However , I believe this is not very likely as supercritical-water-cooled reactor is designed differently to avoid such an incident from reoccurring .
This reactor back then worked on a positive void coefficient of reactivity .
( Baindur , 2008 ) This makes the skeptics ' worry redundant as the structure is designed to specifically operate under high temperature and pressure .
Lastly , the benefits that a supercritical-water-cooled reactor could bring make it worthwhile to continue research and funding into the reactor .
The reactor is much more efficient than conventional light water reactors : the supercritical-water-cooled reactor has a thermal efficiency of 45 % which is approximately one-third higher than that of conventional light water reactors ( Baindur , 2008 ) .
Among the six prototypes of nuclear reactors designed , the very-high-temperature reactor ( VHTR ) is one of the most promising candidates proposed in the GIF
( Umeda , 2008 . However , many people strongly oppose this new prototype due to their inherent fear about nuclear plants .
. Moreover , this technology has been furthermore improved to meet higher temperature requirement .
For example , Japan 's Atomic Energy Research Institute based in Kashiwa has already operated a similar reactor as the VHTR which is able to reach a record high temperature of 950 Degree Celsius in 2004
( Butler , 2004 . Therefore , developing materials that resist high temperatures is no longer a problem for building the VHTR .
The core of the VHTR with multiple protection layers inside is able to withstand heat at temperatures up to 1600 ° C without cracking .
( Rachael Elder & Ray Allen , 2008 ) Thus the VHTR will be a very safe prototype given its multiple protection layers and effective backup system .
Moreover , waste reprocessing is expensive and fuel consuming as it requires continuous burning of the wastes
( Declan , 2004 . Therefore , the benefits of not reprocessing the waste overweigh the costs of storing the waste .
Very high gas temperatures can be achieved ( 900-1000 ° C ) within the VHTR to separate hydrogen gas efficiently , thus it offers highly efficient electricity generation
( . It can produce 50 % more electricity from the same amount of fuel compared to conventional nuclear plants .
On July 17 , 1981 in Kansas City , Missouri , United States , The Hyatt Regency walkway collapse killed 114 people and injured more than 200 others during a tea dance .
It was one of the deadliest structural collapses in U.S. history
( Martin , 1981 . The accident was caused by the lack of communication between the designers and the constructors .
In the case of walkway collapse , it can be estimated that if psychology was applied during the structural processing , the collapse would have been avoided .
Previous research finds that about 90 percent of engineering accidents are due to human errors
( Gordon & Flin , 2001 . Hence , psychology , a human science which studies human 's mental processes and behaviors can help to decrease the mistakes caused by human factors
( . To further explain it , psychology can be used to analyse the man-made reasons which causes errors , such as engineers ' attitudes , habits and social ability .
They believed that the party had rechecked the details , while in fact nobody did before construction .
Therefore it can be expected that if psychology was involved during the construction , this tragedy caused by lack of responsibility would not have occurred at all !
Some opponents argue that it is a " wise after event " or just an imagination to use psychology during engineering processing , for it is hard to combine abstract psychology with concrete engineering processing .
However , as a branch of today 's applied psychology , psychology in industrial safety is quite practical and convenient to conduct .
What needs to be done is to organize some training sessions which can make the engineers more skillful , or some meetings that cover the common mistakes in engineering processing which embed the awareness of safety in people 's mind.
Furthermore , there could also be some encouraging activities which help to build the engineers ' loyalty towards their companies and help them to realize their importance in the companies .
Study has proved that when employees feel they are valued during a mission , they tend to be more responsible and as a result , the safety and quantity of production are greatly improved
( Kelley , 1996 . As for the collapse accident , if somebody had been responsible and rechecked the design , it could have been avoided .
To summarize , If psychology was involved in the building of Hyatt Regency walkway collapse , which was a practicable measure , this unfortunate accident would have been eliminated at the very beginning .
They found that , when they used a neutron to collide with another heavy nuclear , the nuclear broke into two parts and there was some mass lost .
The lost mass generates what we call " atomic energy " , .
After that , the atomic bomb came up , which led to end of the World War II .
Actually , the reason why atomic bomb killed so many people is not the explosion itself . it is the radiation generated by the Uranium and chain reaction .
The radiation will not dissipate within 100 years .
When people began to use controlled chain reaction , they were really concerned about the radiation and the impact on environment .
Although the Atomic Energy Commission had advocated for peaceful uses of nuclear power since the development of a atomic bomb , people were still worried about that .
Although we can not say it is safe enough to use nuclear power , Uranium is really a clean and cheap resource compared to coal and oil .
We are really worried about the Green house gases now , there is data to show that every year the temperature globally increases from 0.2 to 0.3 degree Celsius .
So , it is very effective to use Uranium to stop the Green house gases .
Pure Uranium is easy to transport , because only 1 ton of Uranium will use the same energy as burning 5000tons of coal .
So , many countries , including U.S , China , Russia , France , U.K and Japan , have begun to use Uranium .
In the twentieth century , the safety of using Uranium is still under discussion .
A few accidents have happened during the Uranium 's purification and reaction process .
Our human ability is limited .
We can not say that we have fully controlled the nuclear reaction process , but it now can be controlled and rate .
There are many Uranium mines existing underground .
Apart from the increase in nuclear plants ' security , enhanced scram system fitted in SCWR could shut down a reactor in less than 5 second severely deterring a terrorist force with any intention to release radioactivity ( Gonyeau , 2006 ) .
Moreover , much public subsidy funding and tax expenditures are consumed in nuclear research and development projects when they could be used to invest in alternative renewable energy technologies .
Far simpler designs , with elimination of circulation pumps , pressurizers , steam generators , steam separators and dryers reduce its capital and building costs ( Butler , 2004 ) .
It is evident that in the long run , when energy cost for fossil-fueled plants increases continually , using nuclear power for electricity generation is much more economical .
To sum it all , SCWR can effectively meet the requirements of the modern globalised world while addressing all the various concerns .
To the mind of opponents of nuclear power , the construction of nuclear power plants will put Mother Earth under threat as nuclear accidents , such as the notorious Chernobyl in year 1986 , can cause massive destruction to the environment and more importantly , they are inevitable .
However , as the days go by , the number of opponents against nuclear energy is decreasing due to the advancements in technology and the realization of the need for alternative sources of power .
Out of the six Generation-IV ( Gen-IV ) nuclear reactors that are introduced , the supercritical water-cooled reactor ( SCWR ) appears to show the most potential to be the nuclear power plant for the next generation .
Not only is it safer and more cost efficient , but it also yields the most consistent performance as compared to the other types of nuclear reactors .
Comparatively , other types of coolant agent , such as sodium , react more actively in air and may cause a massive explosion and a sudden discharge of radioactive particles into the air if leakage were to occur .
( Clonemaster , n.d. ) As such , water is the preferred option as a leakage will , at most , contaminate the water in the surrounding of the nuclear power plant and such an occurrence will only pose limited damage to our environment .
It will be unrealistic if one has to pay much more for every kilowatt of electricity used .
In spite of this argument , the capital cost of electricity generated from the SCWR will be lower in the long run , due to the simplicity of its structure that will make up for the high initial building cost ( Buongiorno , 2002 ) .
This can be backed up by the fact that most nuclear power plants can operate beyond their typical design lifespan of 30-40 years with proper maintenance and the gradual improvement of technology ( International Atomic Energy Agency , 2009 ) .
Consequently , it will be wise to choose the SCWR ahead of the other Gen-IV reactors when it comes to producing low cost power for the future .
In conclusion , the SCWR is the ideal candidate for the next generation of nuclear power reactors .
As we move away from our dependency on the combustion of coal for energy , we must , at the same time , ensure that the alternative source will be able to perform as well .
The movie was based on a true story whereby the ship named Titanic collided with an iceberg and sank on its maiden voyage .
Eventually , it became one the worst maritime accidents that occurred during peacetime .
In the case of Titanic , the ship was equipped with high technology water compartment system that would shut special doors in the event of any emergency .
This led engineers to think that Titanic was the safest ship at that point of time .
The Titanic was equipped with only 20 lifeboats , so that bulky lifeboats would not take up precious deck space for the first class passengers .
Furthermore , the idea of the Titanic being " sinkable " supported the notion that people at that time were overly confident .
Therefore if the engineers of the Titanic were prudent in the engineering design process , they would have included a high margin of safety factor to anticipate possible failure during its construction .
Not surprisingly , many detractors suggest that the main reason why the Titanic sank was due to the fact that the terrain at which Titanic was sailing was poor .
By taking a proactive stance in planning , we can identify our main priority and set goals achieving it in view of a possible setback .
One of the reasons why the Titanic sank was the fact that the safety was being compromised for aesthetics and convenience .
He gave priority for private messages over the safety of the ship .
This mindset was probably induced by the culture of the working environment of the Titanic .
As the Titanic was exclusive and luxurious , the culture of the staff working was to first please their occupants , then consider safety .
In addition , the Captain of the Titanic did not reduce the speed at which the ship was traveling in order to arrive at their destination earlier .
He had in fact been influenced to " speed up " not necessarily in order for the Titanic to set a crossing record , but to beat the Olympic 's ( Titanic 's sister ship ) crossing record ( Titanic and Other White Star Line , n.d ) .
These only go to show that the crew of the Titanic had set the wrong priorities .
In the case of the Titanic , the accident could had been avoided if the Captain had adopted a 'safety first ' culture in the workplace and had made contingency plans for any emergency .
In conclusion , we can not deny the fact that psychology had an impact on the way we process and manage technology .
In addition , we need to pay more attention to the way we set our priorities .
The term sophistication has made quite an impact in the lives of people all over the globe .
Technical advancement and uplift in standards of living has resulted ultimately in the rapid consumption of natural resources .
Electric power is as important to the people now as food clothing and shelter are .
The Generation IV concepts offer a promising solution to the power issue through their very high efficiency in conversion of thermal energy to electricity compared to their Generation 3 counterparts .
They also offer security in the event of an onsite emergency which assures us of the non repeat of another Chernobyl incident and wins our support .
Our resources are fast disappearing and we have to take some radical steps now .
The nuclear power models are chosen and approved by the IAEA ( International Atomic Energy Agency ) based on the aspects of their cost , security and performance .
I prefer the GFR over SCWR for many reasons which we will discuss in this essay .
In addition to this , it can also be suited to provide hydrogen upon further modifications .
However , this thermal efficiency of SCWR is less compared to the GFR .
A model evaluation was done by scientists Ning Dong , Yao Weida for the SCWR and it found the following problems to which SCWR was susceptible .
.
And it uses closed fuel cycle , thus the used fuel can be reused .
( INEEL FY 03 ANNUAL BUDGET REPORT ) Thus SCWR is regarded as a very cheap solution to the power crisis .
However , the point I would like to make here is this .
Though the cost of installation of plant and maintenance might be less , the plant life is only 60 years .
In other words , every 60 years the plant has to once again be renewed .
So when all factors are taken into consideration , it is an expensive reactor .
However , though it might be higher than that of SCWR the plant life is longer .So we do not need to change the plant very often unlike the SCWR..In addition to this it can produce hydrogen as well as manage actinides .
The safety features of SCWR are passive ; they do not need human instructions in case of an onsite emergency .
However , if there is a large break in the feed water lines , the heating of fuel will be rapid and this will result in an emergency .
It has a few elements added in it which shut down the system during an onsite emergency ( Wilfred , University of Delft 2004 ) .Besides this , the plant is made up of materials which can withstand very high temperatures .
So there will not be any calamities possible .
And it also does not lead to problems of plutonium fuel as it serves as an incinerator which burns away the wastes .
Thus , on the whole , if we compare the two models on the basis of these three very important criteria , we find that very clearly the GFR has an edge over that of the SCWR and hence it should be pursued for research and not SCWR .
For a developing country where the economy is rather unstable , people are facing poverty and high unemployment ; thus , it is vital for the country to solve these problems before handling other issues like developing power reactors .
Even though it is known that developing generation IV reactors will benefit the country significantly , we can not neglect the destructive effects that come simultaneously .
Opponents maintain that developing power reactors would enable the public to benefit from low-priced electricity that can build more factories which will eventually help to create jobs for the people as well as alleviate poverty .
However , this claim only takes into consideration the operation cost in the long run and does not take into account the high set up cost estimated in 2009 to be around 10 billion dollars for just one reactor ( Travis , Johanna , & Emily , 2009 ) .
3 billion today ( Nevada study , 2007 ) and money to conduct continuous research and development ( R&D ) is estimated around 1.275 billion dollars ( Nuclear Age Peace Foundation , 2009 ) .
Thus , developing countries should strengthen its economy by solving the problem for unemployment and poverty first before developing power reactors .
Apart from the above points , it is mentioned by the opponents that by developing power reactors , many job opportunities will be created for the people since they need a labour force to run the plant .
These roles demand knowledge of physics , mathematics , chemistry , public safety and security .
In developing countries , there will not be sufficient skilled labour to support the development since most of the people are not equipped with such skills ( Travis et al. , 2009 ) .
In due course , developing countries will need to hire foreign talent to take up those positions .
In addition , power reactor plants are dealing with very-high-temperature reactors ; some of the reactors like Gas-cooled fast reactors and Supercritical-water-cooled reactors even need high pressure to operate .
The development of nuclear generator IV requires much R&D and high technology ; thus , local workforce might not have enough talented labour to support the operation .
Moderately skilled and lowly skilled workers will still be unable to secure a job .
Moreover , with high technology generation IV reactors , plants are mostly computerized and automated and they require only a small labour force .
Therefore , by developing reactors it will not improve the unemployment and poverty situation in the country , hence it would be wiser to develop the country first .
Developing the country can provide funding to assist locals in setting up businesses and factories or encourage Multinational Corporation to set up plants in their country .
After that , the poverty state will also improve gradually since the country 's economy is boost up through time .
The reason why the public reject the idea of nuclear power could be due to the Chernobyl power plant meltdown , one of the most tragic nuclear-related disasters in human history .
The ramification of the Chernobyl incident is so severe to the extent that it reminds everyone of death when nuclear power is mentioned .
In other words , every nuclear plant is like a potential nuclear bomb and terrorist attacks are inevitable .
Furthermore , VHTR produces less radioactive waste compared to other proposed reactors .
It implies that the total plutonium generated is less per unit of energy produced .
As for the remaining nuclear waste , it is stored in an underground repository where multilayers of anti-radiation materials are installed to shield them from the external environment .
Although from a general point of view , it is possible to recycle nuclear fuel it is not ideal as reprocessing is costly and generates the dreaded plutonium .
There is much radioactive material on earth to run nuclear power for a long time just like how we operate coal power plants .
The difference is that it extends the time needed to find more sources of electricity , probably nuclear fusion .
Opponents may claim that nuclear power plants are incapable of making significant changes to the climate and will even appear as an environmental risk .
that the dominant VHTR has a better plant efficiency which indirectly implies that it requires 20 percent fewer tunnels to store its waste .
The advantages of VHTR clearly outweigh the disadvantages of nuclear power .
They directly negate the fears of nuclear proliferation due to its once-through uranium fuel cycle .
The development of nuclear power plant becomes more and more important as nuclear power is a more efficient and environment friendly source of energy .
From 1951 , when the first nuclear power plant generated electricity , the technology of nuclear power has become more efficient and safe .
( VR , 2007 ) Further research and development funding for VHTR should be supported by the governments or companies , because it is an efficient , secure and practicable technology , despite the worries raised by the opponents .
Many people consider nuclear power industry as highly dangerous since the radioactive fuels can be very harmful to our bodies and environment .
According to a survey conducted in Australia in 2009 on the public opinion on building nuclear power plants in Australia , there were 43 percent of the public opposing the plan because of the safety and security issues with nuclear power plants .
( Munro & Strong , 2009 ) However , nuclear power reactors are much safer and securer than most people can imagine even when the reactive temperature is very high .
Such designs are able to slow down neutrons to control the nuclear chain reaction ; thus the reactivity can be controlled in a reasonable range and explosions can be prevented .
One reason is that helium is an inert gas , which hardly reacts with any material .
Additionally , exposing helium to radiation does not make it radioactive , unlike most other possible coolants , for example light water ; therefore it is a safer choice of coolant .
However , VHTR is very efficient compared with the conventional light-water reactor , which can only burn up 5 % of the initial amount ( n.f .
In this sense , VHTR is efficient in use of energy .
Compared to a molten salt reactor , VHTR has a simpler design and this leads to another advantage which is its high feasibility .
That is because the burning of fuel in VHTR is very efficient ; thus the amount of waste is very little .
This is because of the need of electricity of humans and the relatively low maintaining fees for VHTR .
There is much research going on in U.S. , China and Japan to improve the Very-High-Temperature Reactors .
This raises public concern , due to the previous nuclear accidents which happened at Three Mile Island and Chernobyl , in 1979 and 1986 separately .
To focus the research on Generation IV technology , we have narrowed down to two reactors , which are lead-cooled fast reactor and sodium cooled fast reactor .
On the other hand , the sodium-cooled reactor strengthens its safety with long thermal response time and large margin to coolant boiling .
Given the fact that the two reactors focus on different aspects of safety , where the latter focuses on system operation rather than coolant , it is difficult to gauge the effectiveness of their practice based on theories .
Thus , it is inconsistent to compare when we are talking about the safety issue .
In terms of performance , lead-cooled reactor has high sustainability .
The mentioned reactor has high sustainability due to its coolant , lead which is a low moderating medium as well as a medium with low absorption cross section that enables a core with fast neutron spectrum even with a large coolant fraction .
From the researchers of lead-cooled reactor , we can clearly see the economic side of the reactor .
As claimed , the life cycle cost of the lead-cooled reactor is relatively cheaper than any other reactor .
As an additional point , lead is inexpensive , in theory .
As a matter of fact , sodium ranked as the sixth most abundant material on earth .
If we take in the consideration of the supply and demand theories , lead will be more costly as the demand soars , just like what happened to crude oil .
Furthermore , sodium-cooled reactor benefits from the research which was done earlier .
Moreover , the earliest delivery of the sodium-cooled reactor is 10 years earlier than the lead-cooled reactor .
Thus , the sodium-cooled reactor is better from economic aspect .
From the evidence I have collected , I have come to the conclusion that the sodium-cooled reactor is a better choice than the lead-cooled reactor as it outperforms the latter in three aspects , which are safety , performance and cost .
Microsoft is now spearing the project Natal , which involves a controller-free gaming interface , Microsoft Xbox ( 2009 ) .
Although it is less tech-savvy than Natal , the safety issues it faces might be quite similar in nature .
Some gamers involved in a combat with a virtual opponent might accidentally throw his punches into the television screen , resulting in his fist being trapped within .
Natal gamers might also suffer similar cases of " Nintendonitis " , muscle injuries owing to excessive playing hours spent on Sony 's Nintendo Wii ( Thaindian News , 2009 ) .
To enhance safety , Natal could use its motion detection system to analyse whether the movement of the player is alright or he should take a rest , and then send out the respective warning to the player .
This could also help to help gamers who are glued to the game to realise that they have played too much .
It has happened before that gamers die after several hours of continuous gaming .
There are reports showing teenagers ' death from stroke after hours of continuous gaming .
It may allow us to have reality in the virtual paradise , increasing our degree of satisfaction when we can fully indulge in the playing of our favourite games , but when we get too carried away , it might cause injuries or death .
However , large scale setup of barriers and tuxedos lookalike safety suit might not be feasible as they increase the cost significantly and limit its actual functionality .
Although public opposition still exists , with the new generation IV reactors , public support for further research and development of higher security and lower cost plants is increasing .
Opponents of nuclear power claim that the meltdown of the plant is one major reason why it should not exist .
Besides this , with technological advancement , nuclear plants now enforce multiple fail-safe systems coupled with simplistic designs so fewer things could go wrong ( Butler , 2004 ) .
For example , terrorists could steal nuclear material out of nuclear plants as easily as in the case when a thief broke into a shipyard in Russia and stole a container of nuclear submarine fuel ( Digges , 2002 ) .
With this nuclear material , terrorists can create what are known as " Dirty " bombs , and threaten the public .
However , this argument disregards the fact that terrorism will be around regardless of whether nuclear plants are built or not .
With multiple security features to prevent thefts , there is no need to be afraid of radioactive materials being stolen .
Terrorists can only take advantage of our complacency , as in the case of the September 11 attacks .
With a well implemented security system , terrorists have no chance of infiltrating the plant .
The final argument that opponents claim is that the cost to society is very huge .
However , this is a short term view of the situation .
Looking at all the arguments that opponents have made against nuclear power , it can be seen that most are trivial and short termed .
However , the burning of fossil fuels produces greenhouse gases which contribute to the effect of global warming .
While there have been occurrences of leaks and safety incidents , including several in Japan , none of them resulted in severe death tolls ( Critical , 2009 ) .
Furthermore , economic viability and stability of nuclear power generation is challenged by the adversary .
Finally , an argument advanced by anti-nuclear advocates is that although nuclear reaction does not produce greenhouse gases , harmful radioactive waste that must be stored for as long as a thousand years are generated instead .
Despite that , proponents argue that with proper storage and appropriate protection measures , the nuclear waste should not pose any health risk to the public .
High-level waste , the most dangerous of all nuclear waste , is secured tightly in glass or ceramic before being isolated in storage facilities .
The fact that there is no solution for disposal of nuclear waste also suggests that there is a need to continue funding further research in nuclear technologies .
However , it might be economically viable with the cost of fossil fuel expected to increase .
The safety concerns of nuclear plants are also addressed in the design of new nuclear reactors .
Furthermore , it is projected to be depleted in fifty years ' time .
As of now , the Lead-Cooled Fast Reactor ( LFR ) and the Sodium-Cooled Fast Reactor ( SFR ) appear very promising and will likely be the main choice of nuclear power plant in the near future .
However , further comparison of both the reactors based on cost , performance and safety actually revealed ( LFR ) as the better option .
1 However , the savings only amount to about 10-15 % of the final cost of construction .
Instead , ( LFR ) can ultimately have the lowest cost among all kinds of reactor because intermediate coolant loop is redundant for it .
Besides that , low refueling cycles of up to 15 years can bring down the total cost of constructing and running the ( LFR ) ( Tucek , 2005 ) .2 Builders of the nuclear power plant should not just focus on the one-time cost of construction ; rather , they should be looking at the long term running cost of the plant .
Regarding performance aspect of the reactors , studies often argued that SFR with multiple reheat and inter-cooling can allow the operating temperature to reach 650 degree Celsius while having thermal efficiencies of between 39 % and 47 % ( Peterson , 2008 ) .3 However , as a result of the higher operating temperature of ( LFR ) , it is definitely able to convert electricity more efficiently as compared to the former ( Butler , 2004 ) .4
Ultimately , if we are talking about performance based on the total power output of the plant , ( LFR ) definitely has an edge over ( SFR ) , which operates at lower temperature and does not produce hydrogen as part of its process .
In fact , Sodium as a coolant in a nuclear reactor has actually been around for quite some time .
However , in terms of chemical property , sodium itself is very reactive and any leakage during an accident will put the plant operators at risk .
Furthermore , lead 's superior neutronic properties and its small coolant temperature reactivity coefficient means that it could be easily controlled when there is an accident ( Hejzlar , 2009 ) .5 For example , in the event of an accident , the natural circulation in ( LFR ) is enough to take away the nominal power of the system .
In conclusion , based on the three most important considerations of a Generation IV reactor , it is clear that Lead-Cooled Fast Reactor is far superior to the Sodium-Cooled Fast Reactor .
We are earnestly looking for solutions to these problems , and nuclear energy , has been proposed as a solution to solve these two problems at once .
The production of nuclear energy does not have carbon dioxide as a by-product ; thus it can reduce the effect of global warming , which is the reason for many other problems , like rising of sea levels .
Nevertheless , we should not neglect the unique wastes which can be produced by nuclear power plants alone during its energy production process .
( What is nuclear waste , n.d. ) It is very hard to recycle or dispose of those wastes due to their unique nature , like the wastes produced by VHTR .
However , there are a few things we should address : the practicality of mining on the moon and the cost of mining on the moon .
There is no doubt that it is extremely expensive to fly to the moon and do the mining there .
However , looking at the incident of partial reactor meltdown in 1979 , which took place at Three Mile Island , Pennsylvania , and the notorious nuclear accident at Chernobyl in Ukraine in 1986 ( Butler,2004 ) , people may rethink the statements they have made .
The result of Chernobyl accident is disastrous as the radioactive debris spread across Europe and affected many people in different countries .
Some infected people later developed all kinds of diseases , and some new born children are deformed as well .
Some people argue that the deaths per year in nuclear plants are much fewer than that in coal mines .
However , if we take into account the set up cost of the nuclear plants , which are more high-tech than coal plants , they are definitely much more expensive .
In conclusion , nuclear energy may have some seeming advantages ; however , the problems associated with it are not negligible .
Therefore , nuclear energy may not be a desirable alternative . We should put more of our focus on better energy sources like solar power .
delayed the test past midnight resulting in it being conducted by a less proficient night team .
The test was approved only by the director of the plant , without the coordination of the reactor 's chief designer or scientific manager ( Nuclear Energy , 2009 ) .
In this manner , there is a high chance that the accident would not have occurred since the most qualified personnel would have been managing the test .
In addition , these reactors require highly skilled professionals ( Reason , 1988 ) .
This way , the operators would not have retracted the control rods during the pre test stage since the system would have been automated .
They believed that feedback may end up counterproductive and deter engineers from verbalizing their creations in fear of evaluation .
A Germany 's Inter-City Express ( ICE ) train derailed and slammed into an overpass , killed 101 people and injured 200 people in June of 1998 , ( Castellano , 2007 ) .
Upon further investigation , people discovered the evidence of poor wheel design , poor bridge construction , insufficient failure detection system , ineffective emergency procedures and insufficient design verification testing .
As a result , safety improvements and major engineering changes were implemented in order to prevent such disaster from happening again , which include the studies of psychology in design process .
First of all , the use of psychology in the design process could have prevented the accident by revealing the need of adding several failure detection systems on the train .
However , in this situation , the engineers did not identify the inherently safer options ( as cited in Wilpert , 2007 ) which led to a lack of failure detection systems that were installed in the train .
The Japanese bullet trains are equipped with a detection system that can alert the train operator about wheel deformation and failure during the operation so that the operator may manually activate the emergency brake .
If the train had been installed with this system , the accident might not have happened .
The passenger tried to warn the crew but was refused by the train manager due to the reason that he needed to investigate the problem himself first .
According to Wilpert ( 2007 ) , the designer 's and the user 's conceptual model of a system or a device must be matched in order to reduce the problems that might occur during the time of using it , in this case , the train .
If the company policy was made with reference to a common sense that was agreed by everyone , such as , the train services in Singapore and the United Kingdom that made the control of emergency brakes available to the travelling passengers , the chain of failure would have been broken .
The third and most important thing to use psychology in the design process in this accident is that , it could have revealed the poor design of the wheel that caused the accident .
The ICE trains were equipped with single-cast wheels ; after the accident , the engineers realized that the design of the wheels could make the metal to fatigue and cause out-of-round conditions that vibrate at cruising speeds .
To sum up , with the use of psychology in the design process , the problems such as lack of failure detection systems that were installed in the train , company 's policy that did not allow the train manager to stop the train , and the poor design of the train wheels would not have occurred .
To conclude , the train accident that happened in Germany could have been prevented with the use of psychology in the design process .
The collapse was due to the retaining wall not being able to handle the stress of supporting the tunnel and it gave way ( Andrew , 2005 ) .
Nevertheless , there are substantial points to suggest that psychology can prevent the accident from happening if it has been implemented in the design stage .
Though the design was approved , the blueprint was in fact designed by engineers .
In addition , the use of the weak materials is due to the wrong mindset of the NLC wanting to earn more profits by cutting input materials cost , which is seriously a wrong attitude and perception .
Therefore , the lack in engineering knowledge of the LTA 's personnel resulted in the approval of the blueprint which in turn resulted in the collapse .
Furthermore , the supporters insist that the higher management within LTA and NLC had stringent control of the design phase despite the fact that the structure was used temporarily .
.
The wrong attitude about temporary structure causes them to let down their guard and become ignorant of the risk that the weak structure might pose .
Besides that , the NLC 's design engineers ignored its failed risk assessment and continued to proceed with the blueprint without revealing the actual data to LTA ( IES , 2005 ) .
This is because NLC would want to complete their job within schedule to avoid paying penalties to LTA ( IES , 2005 ) .
Thus the over-eagerness and the time pressure exerted on them often lead to short-cuts and worsened the failure further ( Wilpert.B , 2007 ) .
Lastly , the opposing party argues that all workers involved in this project had a strong sense of safety culture since it is compulsory to attend the Construction Safety Orientation Course ( CSOC ) before commencement of any construction work ( MOM.Compulsory , 2007 ) .
Although they had attended the CSOC , there were dysfunctional relations within the organization ( Wilpert.B , 2007 ) .
The incapable the project management team failed to address the warning signs present in the early stage and implement corrective measures .
which is important in all human endeavors .
Thus , having certain knowledge about it will definitely aid in the understanding of human behavior and the reasons why human makes mistakes .
Every nation is caught up with the energy shortage problem .
Nuclear power stands out as one of the most prospective alternate sources .
In the event of leakage , numerous people will probably be left dead , much more affected in a long lasting period henceforth .
Cleanup of the accident required $ 1 billion and longer than 10 years to complete , " as repoted in findingDulcinea Staff ( 2009 ) .
A community of misfortunes have happened , mainly resulting from a failure in control of pressure and temperature .
If all these back-up systems go wrong , SFR still can pull through safely as the passive reactor shutdown system and decay heat removal by natural circulation are still in position as a line of defence .
Moreover , conventional reprocessing recovers plutonium and uranium from waste , Plutonium Wars ( 2004 ) .
" The research on waste disposal and reprocessing is still going on for the envisaged SFR to be realized .
The final objection raised by opponents is the high construction cost of SFR .
Customers can choose to bear different costs according to their own needs .
This reduces their potential cost in the construction of a reactor which is larger than they need .
The SFR 's fast spectrum also makes it possible to use available fissile and fertile materials ( including depleted uranium ) considerably more efficiently than thermal spectrum reactors with once-through fuel cycles , as reported by Generation IV International Forum .
Such reduction in fuel cost solves the problem noted by MIT ( 2003 ) that " economically , new nuclear plants would not be able to compete with coal and gas .
" Apart from benefit from considerable technological experience , SFR also offers the potential to operate with a high conversion fast spectrum core , with the resulting benefit of increasing the utilization of fuel resources as Generation IV International Forum highlighted .
It should be evident that none of the opposing statements is valid for SFR .
High construction cost is offset not only by multiple construction options , but also by efficient utilization of fuel resources .
More importantly , research is going on for SFR , the most promising generation IV reactor .
The Chernobyl disaster was a major engineering accident that occurred in the year 1986 .
Opponents might argue that human errors occur on a random basis ; therefore they could not be prevented .
It was this violation of safety rules by the operators prior to the accident that caused the explosion ; thus psychology during the design process would not contribute anything beneficial to the operations .
Control rods which act as absorbers were withdrawn from the core to increase the power of the reactor .
All the circulating pumps were connected to the reactor that had its control rods withdrawn .
Power began to rise and the absorbers were sent back to the core to control the reaction ; however they were unable to plunge fully into the lower stop due to mechanical fault .
The impact of human errors could be minimized if appropriate safety mechanisms were installed on the system .
Psychologists could brainstorm for possible human errors that could be committed by the operators and recommend counter measures .
One possible counter measure against human errors could be to configure the system in such a way that whenever safety has been compromised , the system will be automatically shut down .
All operation knowledge and training should be properly imparted by the engineers to the operators so as to guarantee system operation efficiency and safety .
All these measures taken will reduce the human errors to an insignificant level ; thus those mistakes committed might not cause such a huge impact and Chernobyl accident might not have occurred .
Engineers failed to rectify the design errors found in the first generation ; thus all shortcomings were modeled into the second generation reactor .
The use of psychology from the start of design process would rectify all the faults found .
Psychologists , being the middleman , will connect all the engineers together to design the new reactor .
Psychologists must be present to give their safety judgments to incorporate additional counter measures against possible human errors .
The use of psychology could also remove all the design flaws and add in a desirable mechanism to the system , thus creating a more efficient reactor for both the engineers and operators .
Therefore the use of psychology during the design process could have possibly prevented the Chernobyl incident .
Almost every day when we read the newspaper , articles about energy saving or increasing oil price will jump into our sight .
Actually , global warming and energy crisis have been extremely popular topics these years and large proportion of the governments ' revenue has been spent on the research and development of new energy resources , such as solar energy and tidal power .
Coal and oil have brought us problems like global warming and acidic rain ; hydro projects have deteriorated the environment of flooded and downstream areas and can lead to great economical loss and mortality once dams collapse ; the mirrors and panels used for solar energy production can affect the environment too .
Besides safety , people are concerned much about the work efficiency .
Nobody wants to spend so much of their resources to develop something operating poorly .
In addition , the high temperature exchanger and electrical heater of a VHTR system prevent significant efficiency loss .
Last but not least , every technological innovation should be feasible not only technically but also economically .
The earlier delivery means the earlier alleviation of these impending problems and more payback .
And among the six proposed new generation nuclear reactors , the VHTR systems are the best in consideration of various factors .
Could this accident have been prevented or to be specific could the use of psychology during the design process prevent this accident from happening ?
Major accidents besides Zeebrugge such as the 'Three Mile Island ' incident and the 'Chernobyl 'disaster are said to be caused by human error .
I will look into the 'Zeebrugge ' incident in detail to prove that it could have been prevented if psychology were used during the design process .
Although it might seem a good idea at first having a huge hull means that the boat can easily turn over when there is water on deck ( Noyes & Stanton,1997 ) .
Another design flaw is there were no light indicators to give notice of the status of the bow doors .
Considering that one of the reasons that the accident happened is because the bow doors were still open when the ferry left the port ,it makes us wonder whether the accident could really have been prevented if proper precautions were taken .
When designing a product or even a system , engineers must make sure that there are safety measures or considerations taken in the design .
Another cause of the ferry capsizing is the lack of communication within the organization .
When water started to flood in the 'Herald Of Free Enterprise ' , one deck hand noticed it but did not report the matter because he thought that others may have noticed and it was not his job .
That way of management is very harsh as the workers ' safety and their health are very important .
Looking into the 'Zeebrugge ' incident , the worker who was supposed to make sure the bow doors were closed , was asleep .
Because the higher-ups forced the workers into exhaustion an engineering accident happened .
The workers ' psychological state and physiological state must be good in order for him to perform his job .
When the workers ' mind is in the right place , then he will be happy and content when working ( Carpentier & Cazamian,1977 ) .
It is without question that the 'Herald of Free Enterprise ' would not have capsized if psychological approach is taken during the design process .
Not only the incident at 'Zeebrugge ' , but many other major from this approach in design .
The fundamental issues when designing is that it should match its expectations and also be safe to operate ( Wilpert,2007 ) .
Although it is impossible to totally remove human error from operations , the next best thing we can do is to reduce it and by using psychology such a goal can be achieved .
In the past few decades , nuclear energy has been considered as a futuristic and exotic technology which requires much research and experimentation in order to develop these farfetched ideas .
Our next step will be to innovate generation IV reactors which are cheaper , safer and cleaner compared with the current nuclear reactors .
Among the six generation IV reactors concepts , the Very High Temperature Reactor concept deserves further research and development funding for it .
As an introduction , the Very High Temperature Reactor concept uses either a prismatic-block or pebble bed reactor design graphite-moderated core with uranium fuel cycle to generate electricity and produce hydrogen through a thermochemical process .
This high temperature reactor uses inert helium to keep the reactor cool and can be considered as passively safe .
Its first test run had a quite satisfactory result by achieving its goal of 9500C without having any sign of partial reactor meltdown .
In Taipei , Taiwan , the government would rather extend its oldest nuclear plant 's life and is willing to take the risk of public safety just to cut down the greenhouse effects .
However , we can not deny the fact that nuclear energy will produce radioactive wastes that raise the concern of the public .
This safety issues arises because of the huge information gap besides the lack of communication and understanding between the experts and the public about the safety measures taken during the operation of nuclear power plant .
In terms of performance , the Very High Temperature Reactor is able to generate 50 % more electricity compared with other conventional plants such as Pressurized Water Reactor .
This is because this reactor is designed to run at temperature 10000C which is the highest temperature used among the generation IV reactors to generate electricity using the same amount of fuel .
This reactor does not have a waste recycling process and instead , the waste goes directly to the repository .
We should cut down the amount of plutonium present and not increase its quantity for further development .
There is no doubt that up-front cost of nuclear power plant building is relatively expensive compared to those associated with fossil fuels .
In fact , there are many ways to mitigate these costs .
The Very High Temperature Reactor is considerably cheap compared to other reactors .
Hence , this reactor does not need a very long research period and cuts down the unnecessary development funding .
It not only decreases the world 's dependency on fuel oils to generate electricity , but also acts as an environment protector .
Although there are a few drawbacks of nuclear power , we can reduce these negative effects by using the latest technology in newer reactors and placing emphasis on public safety .
As long as we use it wisely and efficiently , I believe that nuclear power greatly surpasses other type of energies .
Current means of generating electricity such as burning of fossil fuels are getting less viable by the day due to their depleting source .
Hence , there is a need for new alternative methods of generating electricity that are capable of satisfying the energy demand of the growing world population .
A nuclear plant takes advantage of the heat generated from nuclear fission and uses it to heat up water , producing steam .
However , there are six new generation IV reactors being developed at the moment that promise to resolve many of the issues posed by generators of the past .
The chief issue that the public have with nuclear reactors is of course their safety .
Past events such as the incident in Chernobyl serve as a grim reminder of the dangers that come with a nuclear reactor .
The reaction itself , unlike that in other generation IV plants , is moderated by uranium oxycarbide coated graphite , a naturally safe choice , capable of retaining radioactive waste .
Besides that , helium , the coolant of choice in VHTR , is chemically inert .
The public tend to moan about the high economic cost necessary in building and maintaining a nuclear plant .
For one , constant research and testing ensures that the safety of these reactors is not compromised .
Despite the relatively high volume of research needed for VHTR compared to the other nuclear reactors , the fact that researchers are able to ensure its delivery by the year 2020 , five years earlier than most of the other reactors means that the research work on VHTR is much simpler compared to that on the other reactors , costing less .
The performance of generation III nuclear reactors has also raised concerns .
Moreover , generation IV nuclear reactors are much more efficient than those of generation III because of the higher energy conversion rate that they have to offer .
In conclusion , unless the world decides to live completely in the dark , a new method of generating electricity needs to replace the fast depleting fossil fuels that we currently rely so heavily on as an energy source .
In a time where energy sources are depleting rapidly , a call for new alternate energy has been made by several countries and a large amount of effort and money has been poured into this new cause .
Nuclear power energy has been claimed by many as the most desired new energy source for the new age ( Butler , 2004 ) .
However , in my opinion , other alternate energy sources like solar and hydro energy have more potential to be the new dawn for energy as they have far more advantages than nuclear energy and with lesser risk involved .
Firstly , there have been reports that the use of nuclear energy is much safer as there are much fewer accidents happening in nuclear plants compared to the number of accidents that happened in conventional fuel-burning energy plant .
Indeed , there might be a decrease in the number of accidents in nuclear plants , in contrast to the thousands of death that happened in conventional energy plants .
The sheer number of people affected in one nuclear accident is far more than the number of accidental deaths that happened in conventional energy plants over the years .
These effects can range from immediate death to nausea , vomiting , and radiation burns . Moreover , these are just the immediate effects on human health ; some indirect effects include death in ten days , leukemia , cancers , genetic damage to offspring and even premature ageing depending on the amount of radiation received ( Amory , 2009 ) .
A major concern in the use of nuclear energy is the issue of safety .
Many researchers like Butler assert that the energy produced by nuclear power plants is safe and it can generate a large amount of energy which will solve the pressing problem of depleting fuel sources .
One of the generation IV reactor concepts is the 'very high temperature reactor ' with operating conditions such as high pressure and temperature Celsius ( Butler , 2004 ) .
It is a well-known fact that the by-product of the nuclear plant , mainly the nuclear waste has been used for developing nuclear weapons ( Wald , 2000 ) .
The development of nuclear weapons has been condemned by several countries and organizations like the U.N ( United Nations ) .
Although some might claim that , it is almost impossible to guard against such cases ( Butler , 2004 ) .
Moreover , the ever increasing risk of terrorism will result in a much threatening situation if the nuclear weapon is stolen .
The amount of damage that will occur is unimaginable if the terrorists are able to get their hand on a nuclear power plant .
In fact , this is not true at all .
The amount of money that is required to build these is usually an astronomical amount ( James , 2002 ) .
Not to mention there are many underlying costs such as the nuclear plant maintenance cost , the land required to build a reactor and the waste management system .
The maintenance cost that is required for each nuclear reactor is much higher than for a conventional energy plant as the safety measures for these plants are much more detailed since it is handling highly reactive substances .
After a certain amount of usage or a period of time , a nuclear reactor will have to be decommissioned and the cost incurred is not just large sum of money , but land spaces are needed as well .
All these costs incurred by the nuclear reactor are much more hurting to the economy rather than easing the financial pressure for countries .
In conclusion , all the following aspects such as the security , safety and costs component for a nuclear reactor indicate far more disadvantages and risks compared to the advantages that the nuclear reactor brings about .
Thus , in my view , there are much better technology and sources than nuclear power around , so there should be more emphasis and support for other technologies .
The most devastating effects of global warming was the South-Eastern Australian heat wave which brought temperatures soaring above 43 degrees Celsius according to the ( 2009 ) .
However , we can reduce global warming by using the Generation IV ( Gen IV ) reactor concept nuclear plants .
One such reactor is the Very High Temperature Reactor ( VHTR ) which can produce large volumes of energy cleanly , reliably , safely and affordably .
On the contrary , a team of energy experts from various governments , academic and private sector research units noted that wind and solar powers are not very reliable as they are only generated when the wind is right or when the sun is shining ( Science Compass , 2002 ) .
For example , a VHTR costs 2 billion dollars and is able to supply electricity to billions of homes whereas one wind energy system for one home costs 25,000 dollars .
This technology would not only destroy most of the nuclear waste , but it would also make the existing waste a very valuable source of energy .
Hence , with more research and time given to develop the technology , nuclear waste would not become a anymore .
In conclusion , the VHTR can be seen as a safe , reliable and affordable way to produce electricity since electricity has become a necessity in our everyday lives .
Currently , the reactors have already evolved to the fourth generation and there are six different concepts .
These concepts had evolved due to the Generation IV International Forum ( GIF ) where a team of ten nations would plan the direction for future nuclear reactors ( Butler , 2004 ) .
As such , I do not support providing funds for further research and development ( R&D ) for building nuclear power plants .
There will also be fluctuations in the cost , depending on the period the plant is built and this is a major component of the cost of building a nuclear plant .
All these daily costs are rather fixed ; thus a reduction in the operational side is rather unlikely .
However , in the long run , savings in the operating costs could be rather substantial with the help of improved technology .
It refers to the nuclear power plant being treated as nuclear waste .
Yet , though for nuclear power plants , we have to take into account decommissioning costs which are not found in other types of plants producing electricity but for nuclear power plant , no cost is incurred in the cleaning up of the waste products being produced during the production of electricity .
In conclusion , the different factors of costs , mainly construction costs , operating costs and decommissioning costs contribute to almost the whole cost of building a nuclear plant .
This is supported by the fact that no new nuclear power plants have been ordered in the US since 1978 as the high costs have caused many problems such as bankruptcies ( Clayton , 2009 ) .
In a world where technology has fitted seamlessly , the threat of global warming and rising energy needs which affect the future of our planet has never been greater .
Given the gloomy forecast on global warming due to the environmental impacts caused by greenhouse gases , it is not surprising that countries are turning towards nuclear energy as an alternative .
As stated in Butler 's article ( Butler , 2004 , para.9 ) , the production of nuclear power plants may cost up to a hefty US $ 1 billion , yet it may end up as the cheaper alternative compared to the rising cost of oil and fuels , since fossil fuels are getting scarcer , and hence more expensive .
The GCFR has a 50 % increase in efficiency compared to Generation II 's reactors .
Besides , it would take many hectares of land covered with solar collectors , wind farms or hydro-electric dams to equal this power .
The damages caused by global warming may be causing the birth of nuclear technology , and given the benefits that it brings , it comes as no surprise that extensive research is constantly being done to ensure the smooth delivery for this renewable source of energy .
In contrast , nuclear power industry only resulted in thirty-one for the same period .
Crucially , when extrapolated to the event of a hypothesised terrorist strike , it showcased the capability of current technology to work during emergency .
They argue that investing resource into constructing the related facilities is not economical .
In the United States in 2008 , the cost of electricity from nuclear production was 1.87 cents per kilowatt-hour , lower than that produced with coal or gas which was 2.75 and 8.09 respectively .
The average capacity factor for plants in the United States was fifty-six percent in 1980 compared to ninety-one percent in 2008 .
Nuclear power has always been a very controversial topic over the past few decades .
The proponents emphasized its high energy potential while the opponents were so much concerned about its radioactive nature that might cause harm .
As energy resources have become more and more precious and our technologies keep advancing , the supporting side of nuclear power seems winning in recent years as nuclear power plants are increasing in numbers in America , China , Japan and other countries .
Butler ( 2004 ) says that the Supercritical-water-cooled reactors ( SCWR ) should be used .
Nuclear energy will be the one as nuclear power can produce 50 % more electricity compared to coal and it emits less dangerous oxides such as carbon dioxide , sulphur dioxide and so on .
Thus , nuclear energy is more cost-efficient compared to existing energy resources and it is more environment-friendly .
Moreover , the nuclear power system is much more secure than other energy resource systems .
The establishment of a nuclear plant is .
Once the plants are built up , safety precautions will be installed and working staff will be carefully selected .
For instance , North Korea has announced plans to be a " powerful nation " by 2012 in terms of nuclear weapons .
Many nuclear power projects are not implemented under pressure such as the one initiated by Korea Peninsula Energy Development Organization ( KEDO ) .
Governments have spent large amounts of money in maintaining the safety of nuclear power plants .
Technologies are kept upgraded to ensure the smooth running of the systems .
The number of immediate fatalities from 1970 to 1992 for nuclear power facilities is 31 and those for coal and gas are 6400 and 1200 respectively .
To sum-up , the nuclear energy is much more environment-friendly and it is a better choice compared to coals and gases as more electricity can be generated by the same amount of nuclear energy with comparative costs .
Since the nuclear reactor accident at Three Mile Island and Chernobyl , it has been two decades before the issues regarding conventional nuclear power were brought up once again due to increasing cost of power generation .
The Generation IV International Forum ( GIF ) has selected six nuclear systems which have the potential to be used for commercial electricity generation and in my opinion , the supercritical-water-cooled reactor ( SCWR ) and the very high temperature reactor ( VHTR ) are the better ones compared to the rest of the reactors .
On safety features , the SCWR operates at a lower temperature ( 510C - 550C ) than the VHTR ( 1000C ) which gives the impression that VHTR is more dangerous than the SCWR .
VHTR uses helium gas as coolant which does not react with other substances even at high temperatures ( Chang , 2007 ) .
Therefore , we must be able to produce nuclear power at a cost lower than conventional power plants .
Hydrogen production needs a high temperature of 700C , so heat from VHTR can be transferred to hydrogen production plant but SWCR does not produce high enough temperature .
Experts see hydrogen as the future fuel and large amounts of hydrogen are needed to convert heavy oils and tar sands to liquid fuel .
With the development in industries and technology , the consequences of mistakes in design processes have become increasingly disastrous ( LaPorte , 1996 ) .
Some have also argued that the involvement of psychologists increase the cost of production and may also hinder engineering creativity .
Despite all these opposing arguments , I firmly believe that the practice of psychology is essential in design processes to help prevent human errors and disasters .
In this article , I would like to focus on the Eschede train disaster and discuss how the practice of psychology could have helped prevent the disaster .
This point of view is not true since design processes are human activities and human activities are always accompanied by human errors .
Psychology , by studying human behaviours and activities , is able to detect these human errors and help prevent and eliminate accidents ( Stanton , 1996 ) .
The practice of psychology would help spot such negligence and the accident would probably be avoided .
As such , practice of psychology should be involved in design processes to help eliminate human errors and prevent accidents .
For the Eschede train disaster , it was later revealed that the Fraunhofer Institute had observed possible tire failure as early as 1992 ; however , the problem was ignored until the disaster happened ( Hall , 1987 ) .
Other accidents in engineering history also revealed the lack of attention on the consequences of errors in engineering .
Another opposing view expressed by some managers is that the involvement of psychologists in design processes will increase the cost and time spent .
This is a valid concern ; however it can not negate the significance of practice of psychology in design processes .
The additional cost spent is far less significant than the payoffs if an accident occurs .
For example , for industries where design processes are complex and consequences of errors are tremendous , engagement of psychologists may be integrated , while for other industries which involve less complicated designs , psychologists may step in only after each design stage or at the end of the designs .
Considering the increment in cost of production , psychologists may be involved to varying degrees according to the nature of the industry and the respective products .
For industries where professional knowledge is required , engineers educated in psychology should be involved in design processes such that safety factors can be given enough attention while innovation process will not be affected .
To address these concerns , experts proposed several designs for the next generation of reactors .
However , with fossil fuel depleting fast ( Howden , 2007 ) , alternative sources of energy need to be explored ; hence research on nuclear power as an energy source should be carried out .
This addresses the considerations industries have for profits and operation stability .
Furthermore , with stability , accidents are unlikely to occur , and therefore it resolves the concerns people have for safety .
This is critical as one motive of looking for alternative energy sources is to have a long lasting source ; thus this property should be prioritized .
Nonetheless , land constraints may be resolved by situating the nuclear plant offshore , which is listed as one of the considerations by the government of Singapore ( Li , 2008 ) .
With alterations to the operating temperature , pressure , waste recycling ability and power output of present nuclear reactors , the LCFR design is able to address many concerns the world has regarding the utilization of nuclear power .
As it is a very promising energy source , it is not a wonder that nuclear power is extremely enticing to mankind .
The danger , which nuclear power holds , is a big concern and it has held the development of nuclear technology back for decades .
The radioactive waste produced in a nuclear process is also dangerous and lasts for a very long time .
After years of development , the scientists published six generation IV reactor concepts which should solve most of today 's problems in nuclear plants .
The most promising would be the sodium-cooled fast reactors ( SFR ) because , safety wise , SFR needs low pressure and temperature to operate and it does not produce hydrogen which is volatile .
In terms of safety , SFR is safer because of its necessary condition , like temperature and pressure , to operate and the waste it produces .
SFR operates at a temperature around 5500C which for a nuclear plant is considered a low temperature for a nuclear plant to operate .
The low temperature indicates that we do not need to manufacture a new kind of material to withstand the temperature .
; most of the concepts are operated at almost twice the temperature SFR is operating at .
SFR is also operating at a pressure around atmospheric level so it is safer because the high pressure will increase not only the stress on the walls of the plant but also the damage if an explosion happens .
This means that no radioactive waste is released to the public and also no hydrogen is produced as a byproduct .
As no radioactive waste is thrown out , there is no danger of radioactive poisoning .
The risk of explosion is lowered because no hydrogen is produced but we still need to be cautious as we are using sodium as a coolant and sodium not only explodes if it is in contact with water but also burns if it touches air .
Operating at low temperature and pressure also means that this model is efficient as less heat is being transferred out of the system and the energy is turned to electricity .
The fact that radioactive source are being processed repeatedly until it changes into non-radioactive compounds and no byproduct produced also indicates that this model has high efficiency . SFR has a high capital cost due to the necessity to use magnesium oxide as the container of sodium to prevent it leaking .
This problem deters many countries from pursuing the SFR model further but if they manage to build an SFR plant , the profit that comes from building one will cover the capital cost in just several years .
Right now , there is research to reduce the cost by improving the design of SFR and the most prominent is probably by improving the design of the core of SFR .
From all the advantages like the low pressure and temperature condition , almost no radioactive waste and no other byproduct like Hydrogen , it can be seen that SFR is the most promising and advantageous model compared to other reactor concepts and it is worth every dollar spent to pursue deeper research and development .
This model 's weaknesses like the high capital cost and the danger of using sodium are actually solvable by producing a new metal that is incapable of reacting to sodium .
The issue of safety is of utmost concern in the debate of whether nuclear reactors should even be in operation .
The world 's natural resources are depleting rapidly and there is a need to search for alternatives to meet the ever increasing energy demands of the world .
Both of these designs incorporate helium as a coolant and produce electricity as well as hydrogen as their energy output ( Butler , 2004 ) .
However , the favourable VHTR has advantages in performance , safety and cost that outweigh those of the GCFR and thus should be given support for further research and development .
Firstly , the VHTR has better performance than the GCFR .
However , with less waste produced it means that the same fuel is reused several times .
However , the VHTR has a temperature monitoring system that constantly monitors the temperature of the core to prevent any meltdowns from occurring , and it has a proper back up system that continues producing energy during a malfunction .
This is particularly important for a country like France where 80 % of its energy depends on nuclear source ( Butler , 2004 ) .
Relying on visual inspection of the core will not be adequate for the GCFR to meet safety standards .
Waste recycling will produce plutonium and uranium in its pure form , which is an active ingredient used in the making of nuclear weapons ( Butler , 2004 ) .
This problem is not present in the VHTR that stores waste instead of recycling it ( Very High Temperature Reactor , n.d ) .
The VHTR has a better performance in terms of higher energy output , a safer design that meets safety standards and ultimately a more cost effective solution .
On July 17 , 1981 , the interconnected second level and fourth level hanging walkways in the Hyatt Regency in Kansas City collapsed , killing 114 and injuring an additional 200 more ( Hotel Horror ) .
However , the identification of this particular problem through behavioral observation by a psychologist may not be a good method given that the multitudes of other problems that might occur , thus leaving much the fault-finding process to chance .
The implementation of safety orientated intervention practices as discussed by Geller ( 2001 ) can help cast a wide net of control over the domains of possible human errors .
This is where it is necessary for a psychologist to compliment the design process , by looking out in the directions where the design process is unable to cover .
Given the importance of this task and the possible stresses of the job , it can be very risky to have only have one person in charge .
The ICE train accident in Eschede happened in June 1998 .
It caused 101 deaths and injured 88 , which made it the worst accident in the history of Germany ( BBC News , 1998 ) .
This essay will propose that the use of psychology during the design process will improve product safety and it might have helped prevent the Eschede train disaster .
However , the fact is human errors commonly exist in engineering designs process , which may result in the failure of product functions ( Wilbert , 2007 ) .
In the case of Eschede train disaster , the newly designed high-speed wheels were used for operation without being physically tested ( HYPERLINK " http : //www.ndt.net/index.html " NDTnet , 2000 ) .
If the wheels were tested and improved before they were put to service , the accident would have likely been prevented .
Companies hire engineers to design a certain product and they expect them to consider every detail related to the design .
Besides , when travelling from high to low speed track , the train passes through switch points which caused one carriage to stray from the straight-line .
Suppose a human scientist had been present during the design process , he probably would have reminded the engineers to consider the track and the accident would have been prevented .
Furthermore , psychologists can help analyze and improve the operating system and company policy of large engineering projects .
The train staff did not stop and examine the problem when a passenger reported strange noise and a large piece of metal coming up through the floor .
If the " stop and examine " rule had been suggested before the accident for dealing with danger signals , the disaster could have been prevented ( Single Line Tablet Instruments , n.d. ) .
Human scientists are able to analyze each step of the process and remind engineers of the important factors that they neglect .
It has been argued for a long time whether the use of nuclear power should be encouraged or opposed .
Generation IV reactors have features such as high operation temperature , simplified safety measures , and proliferation-resistance ( Butler , 2004 ) .
One reason that causes the public to disapprove of the idea of providing funds for the research and development of VHTR is the high expenses on it which most believe that many countries can not afford .
In fact , many of the developed countries such as the US and Europe have already started the research and development of VHTR and plan to finish it by 2021 ( Kirk , 2006 ) .
However , the VHTR has been developed into such a stage that in an event of accident , the reactor is able to shutdown itself without human intervention ( Miyamoto , 2005 ) .
On the whole , the VHTR has shown great potential in becoming the future source of energy .
" Robotic surgery is a technique in which a surgeon performs surgery using a computer that remotely controls very small instruments attached to a robot , " according to Robot ( 2009 ) .
In fact , robotic surgery has a history of about 75 years ; however , it is only during the last 5 years that it was gradually recognized by the medical community .
As a result , patients may have a higher risk of encountering danger during the surgery .
Usually the surgery will be performed with back up treatment .
The size of the machine is too large , making it impossible for assistant surgeons to help perform the surgery .
Thus , any situation that happens during the surgery can be handled by the trained and experienced surgeons .
More importantly , less blood loss , less infection and smaller incisions make the procedure safer and less painful .
Although this nascent technology has its disadvantages regarding cost , time and safety , both technological and non-technological solutions are available to overcome those problems .
Research in this field , increasing training of surgeons , and improvements of other significant issues are conducted to achieve better acceptance of this technology .
Based on 2003 rates of production of fossil fuels , the global oil , gas , and coal reserves were predicted to be exhausted in the next 41 , 67.1 , and 192 years respectively ( Lincoln , 2005 , p. 622 ) .
The concept of Generation IV reactors was introduced and several countries in the Generation IV International Forum ( GIF ) were in favor of the Very High Temperature Reactors ( VHTR ) .
Hence , with multiple layers of safety measures , operation of VHTR would not pose any threat to the public .
The final argument by opponents is availability of the coolant of VHTR .
Given the fact that natural gas reserves are depleting , the same applies to helium as well .
Hence , VHTR will not be able to function in the absence of helium .
Nuclear energy will do more good than harm to mankind .
What separates the first nuclear plant from the recent one is the reactor , which has undergone a series of advancements .
238-240 ) Despite the public claiming that nuclear energy is dangerous , an expensive form of energy or of poor performance , the use of molten salt reactor can address their concerns with new designs of the reactor and a cheaper , cleaner and sustainable form of energy .
Close to a hundred people died and a few thousand people developed cancer over the decades due to exposure to radiation from the reactor meltdown .
( Bock , Hofmann , Hoffmann , & Logan , 2005 ) In the new reactor the radioactive materials are contained within the chamber and if there is a reactor meltdown , the release of large amount of radiation can be prevented .
Most of the public has the misconception that nuclear energy is expensive , therefore opposing it .
The cost of building a nuclear plant is admittedly more that for than other kinds of power plants but the consideration should be based on performance and cost per unit energy .
Some opponents of nuclear energy argue that coal reserves can last another 120 years and funds should be spent on researching technology for coal .
In fact , coal is an alternative raw material to manufacture plastics in place of oil which will be depleted in 40 years , meaning that coal will last much less than the alleged 120 years .
In spite of them claiming that nuclear energy is unsafe , costly and of low output , there is research and data to show otherwise with Generation IV reactors .
However , few people know that the Generation IV Reactors , which will be put into use in about 10 to 20 years ' time , will produce energy that can be " safe , abundant , reliable , inexpensive and proliferation resistant , " just like what Spencer Abraham , one of the US energy secretaries , said at the 2002 gathering of GIF ( Generation IV International Forum ) representatives .
Although there are still many people concerned about the safety and economic factors , the VHTR is indeed one of the most advanced and valuable designs in the world and deserves further research and development funding for it .
So some people worry that the existing materials can not meet the needs .
Therefore , under normal circumstances , there will be no problem for the materials to stand the required high temperature .
The earliest VHTR will not appear on the earth until 2020 while the research has been ongoing since 1990s with a total research funding of more than 1.6 billion dollars .
Opponents may argue that it will cost too much to put the design into use .
In other words , the by products are worth a great deal of money .
So , it is easy to find that after a long period of running , the total cost of VHTR will not exceed that of other existing reactors any more .
In conclusion , the VHTR has its own safety features , such as very high system temperature , enhanced reliability , low system pressure and so on .
The similarities between these two reactors are that both use helium as a coolant , do not need working at high pressure and produce the same output of hydrogen and electricity .
We will be considering which reactor should have more emphasis to have further research and development funding for it .
The waste material produced by GCFR is being recycled .
So a higher operating temperature of VHTR would allow for more electricity to be produced compared to gas cooled reactors .
Besides that , the waste material being produced by gas cooled fast reactors is pure plutonium and this material is mainly used for weapon production .
Such system does not exist in gas cooled reactors that operate at lower temperature .
In the event of sudden shutdown due to malfunction , VHTR can still produce energy .
It is especially useful for countries like France , where 80 % of the electricity generated is dependent on nuclear energy .
For GCFR , there is a presence of safe accommodation of low thermal inertia and poor heat transfer properties of the coolant .
In terms of cost , VHTR can be implemented five years earlier than the gas cooled fast reactors .
( Butler 2004 ) Currently , there are no operators for the GCFR in the market .
In the meanwhile , globle warming and other environmental concerns are pushing the entire world to some more powerful , sustainable and clean solutions for future energy .
Our future method should also be safe , economic , efficient and flexble for applications .
Firstly , the main public concern on nuclear power is its safety .
The molten salt reactant has an advantage in this aspect .
( [ pic ] Mathieu , L.,2006 ) Although MSR works in relatively high tempreture it can still be stable,for example , for FUJI-12 , The maximum fuel temperature for two rod insertions of 0.344 % dk/k was 1220K at the rated power .
Therefore it is worth if more research on its development is done .
People hardly link engineering problems with psychology since the previous one belongs to pure technology problems while the latter one is a branch of social science .
However , with time , psychology is gradually applied in various fields , including law , medicine , architecture , design and so on .
People nowadays have fierce controversy over the use of nuclear power due to the appalling nuclear accidents which occurred at Three Mile island and Chernobyl , or even the recent nuclear accident at Sellafield , England .
These accidents destroy cities , take people 's lives and leave many deadly post-effects for future decades .
Therefore , safety becomes the main concern when people choose to continue using nuclear power .
Even though SCWR has not been tested yet , it is proved to have less possibility of causing nuclear accidents as has happened before ; it is easier to implement compared to other generation VI reactors , and it has a relatively high thermal efficiency which makes its long-term cost relatively low .
The nuclear accident at Chernobyl was mainly because the nuclear plant utilized positive void coefficient of reactivity , causing it impossible to stop the working process when things went wrong .
( Bodansky , 2004 ) On the contrary , SCWR uses negative void coefficient instead , which could effectively reduce the possibility of this kind of fatal accident ( U.S DOE 2002 ) .
The other is supercritical fossil fuel fired boilers , which is also in use now ( Idaho National Laboratory , 2007 ) .
To sum up , although there exists disagreement of the use of SCWR due to its issue of reliability and safety , SCWR is worthy for further research because it is based on two current technologies , which increases its reliability , and its design principle improves its thermal efficiency compared to LWR and reduce the possibility of causing nuclear accidents .
Hopefully , SCWR could be better improved on current problems in future development .
Given the memories of the two accidents which happened in 1979 at Three Mile Island in Pennsylvania and in 1986 at Chernobyl of Ukraine , some people may still have not recovered from the great horror when they hear nuclear power .
On the one hand , people are facing the challenge of energy shortage because fossil fuels are nonrenewable .
On the other hand , burning fossil fuels produces the " green gases " such as carbon dioxide that have resulted in serious problems like global warming .
One is that the reactor and the gas turbine system are separated from the hydrogen production plant , which is aimed at isolating the hydrogen plant from the reactor system during the abnormal events of the hydrogen production plant .
To conclude , it should be evident that the arguments against the safety and cost of VHTR are invalid .
Since VHTR uses helium as a coolant , the research of the materials for VHTR is also ongoing , and also there are unique designs for VHTR , the safety of VHTR would be enhanced a lot .
Furthermore , VHTR produces hydrogen as future fuel , which is environmentally-friendly and can effectively solve the energy shortage as well .
Therefore , VHTR is a promising and practical form of power .
Firstly , the VHTR has a core outlet temperature of about 1000 degrees Celsius this high temperature increases the efficiency of the reactor and also enables us to use it for applications such as hydrogen production ( VHTR , Generation IV technology forum ) .
The hydrogen produced can be used in automobiles , which in turn help decrease the carbon emissions by 30 % when compared to modern day diesel engines ( Ewing Jack,September 2009
This is the same material which is being used in the Japanese , South African and Chinese high temperature test reactors ( Corwin Bill,2003 . ) and has proven to be very successful .
The VHTR is designed to operate on a pebble bed core in which the fuel is coated with silicon carbide which ensures that the radioactive fissile material never leaves fuel spheres or pebbles ( Kadak.C.Andrew ) ) .
The reactor is helium cooled and uses graphite moderated core , which takes advantage of the fact that the helium coolant is inert and has no reactivity effects and that graphite has a high thermal inertia and is stable at high temperatures ( VHTR , Idaho National Laboratory ) .Also , any waste produced goes directly to the repository and this means an additional waste recycling process can be avoided ( Butler , , 2004 ) .Thus , in case of any failure the damage does not spread to the surrounding regions but is contained within the plant itself .
Lastly , most of the technology involved in the VHTR is already in its development phase and the reactor can be shelled out as early as 2020 ( Butler , , 2004 ) .
There was a train disaster which occurred on the 3rd of June 1998 near a small town in Lower Saxony , Germany .
Such a super fast , state-of-the-art Inter Express trains of German Railways rolled out of the tracks and split in two , due to a bridge falling onto the train .
It resulted in 101 dying and 88 being injured .
Although there were many causes to be pointed out for this train accident , I think the biggest cause is that no one was aware of the importance of the use of psychology during the design process .
It was reported that the direct cause was a wheel with a composite construction which is relatively common on light railway transit vehicles , but are unique to ICE 884 in high speed trains which replaced the original wheel .
It can not be denied that this is a human mistake which can be avoided by applying psychology .
Psychology can make engineers aware that they are not only normal persons , but are also professionals .
If they understand that , I believe that the engineers would not have used those composite construction wheels and used wheels which had not been checked properly and approved .
Observing the pictures which recorded the scene of accident , there was at least one car was detached from its underframe .
If designers considered more about that for the high-speed trains must take into account the forces to be absorbed in the event of the vehicle being in a collision , there would not be so many people who were thrown through the air
Considering only the construction of trains is not enough , the environmental element can affect the result as well .
The designers never anticipated that a bridge which was expected for lightly use , demanded a less substantial structure than if it were to carry a major truck load . .
They completely ignored environmental elements which was the speed and weight of the train passing under the bridge which resulted in such a horrible disaster .
To sum up , any design process can minimize a probability of danger , even can be avoided by applying psychology .
Because all design processes are to fulfill needs of human ; and all products are produced by humans .
Therefore , anything as long as it is people-oriented will get the biggest benefits .
Of course , avoiding an accident is the biggest benefit to people .
The Chernobyl accident that happened on 26 April 1986 , has led everyone to realize the damages and consequences that we might face when we build a nuclear power plant .
The six nuclear reactors are not only sustainable and economically viable solutions ; they are also a safe and reliable source of energy .
Among the six concepts of nuclear reactors , the Very High Temperature Reactor , ( VHTR ) and the Gas Cooled Fast Reactor , ( GCFR ) are quite similar , but the Gas Cooled Fast Reactor has more benefits than VHTR in terms of performance , sustainability and cost .
[ GCFR is a concept which uses the reference design of VHTR , thus it is also a reactor of high performance .
Since GCFR operates at 850 degrees Celsius , there are more choices of materials that can be used in the construction of GCFR .
[ Idaho National Laboratory , 2002 ] Because GCFR operates at a lower temperature as compared to the VTHR , therefore the materials used for construction is cheaper and there are more choices of material available .
[ , 2009 ] The reduction of radioactive waste uses processes called pryo-chemical or hydrometallurgical .
[ Commissariat à l'energie atomique , 2007 ] With this there is a great reduction of nuclear waste , and money can be saved to build a storage site for nuclear waste .
Therefore , GCFR not only can have efficient energy conversion with the current design but also has an economically beneficial outcome .
In conclusion , although the there are several advantages of the VHTR however there are factors that makes it difficult to implement it as it is more expensive and limited by choices of construction materials as compared with the GCFR .
Nonetheless , the decision to implement the reactors still falls in the hands of the countries that are highly interested as the budget for every country is different .
Nowadays , since fossil fuel is running out at a very high rate , people are seeking another alternative energy resource to replace the traditional fossil fuel resources , which have been used by humans for hundreds of years .
However , the public is very concerned about the safe operation of nuclear reactors .
This is because once a nuclear reactor accident happens , it would be a huge disaster to both the creatures and the environment within that area .
A very famous accident , which is also used by the public to oppose building nuclear reactors , is the accident at Chernobyl which happened on 26 April 1986 .
Moreover , according to the estimation , there would be thousands of people dying from cancer in the next forty years .
Another famous example is the accident which happened at the nuclear power station at Three Mile Island in Pennsylvania on 28 March 1979 .
Furthermore , as the technology has improved so much , even if an accident happens , the damage is probably not that big .
For example , in the Three Mile Island accident , nobody was killed or injured .
Besides safety , the economy is also a very important aspect which people should take into consideration .
However , since we can eliminate the need for an intermediate heat transport circuit in lead-cooled fast reactors , and lead is relatively cheap when compared with other materials used in other fast reactors , a large part of cost would be saved through this .
The Chernobyl explosion is one example showing the seriousness of those dangers .
The Chernobyl accident , which happened in 1986 , was a nuclear reactor accident .
Because of that , the safety of engineering design is very important .
at present , most design teams use the safety laws and rules as their gatekeeper and thinks that it is enough .
However , some psychologists argue that those rules are not enough as all the procedures are carried out by humans , there is the possibillity that a human error may occur .
Therefore psychologists are necessary , to be involved in the design process to detect the human error and to be the new gate keeper of engineering design .
The Chernobyl accident can be a good example to see how the use of psychology helps to prevent the accident .
However , though with such rules , accidents still happen
This of course implies some imperfections in terms of safety .
( Wilpert , 2006 ) Those human factors mainly include the irresponsibility of operators and human error during the design process .
Chances are this accident may not have happened .
To follow up , some designers may also consider that a team member without strong technical background may become a disturbance during work or decrease the efficiency of the team .
Therefore they may cause more problems than they can solve .
However , in present engineering groups , team members are always from different specialities .
This is because today 's design requires consideration from all aspects .
A team with single specialities can not satisfy such requirements and therefore will lose the ability to compete with others .
Considering all those facts , a psychologist can never be a disturbance in the team .
Rather , the presence of a psychologist in a team can help the members work at their optimum and avoid the chance of having human error in the design process .
By doing this , hopefully there will be chances to prevent accidents because of misuse caused by the misunderstanding of instructions , like the operator in the Chernobyl accident .
However , considering the serious results of Chernobyl accidents and other engineering accidents , such wondering is of no use .
In conclusion , psychologists may become new gatekeepers of engineering design process by helping correct the human error in design process and increase team efficiency .
And the increase in safety will make people enjoy the benefits of engineering design products much better .
Some insist that insights can be gained when analyzing design process using psychological approaches .
No matter what the designers are to work on , complex systems or everyday products , psychology is helpful to gain insights of problems that may be encountered or to prevent undesirable accidents .
For everyday products design , it is quite understandable that if the technical configurations are similar for all , psychology could help designers make a difference by considering making improvements that are more user-friendly in design .
More impactful consequences of not applying psychology in design are that serious failures can happen in complex projects and systems hence causing loss of life .
For instance , the collapse of Nicoll Highway , two stretches of highway road linked by Merdeka Bridge , located in the Central Region of Singapore ( Vernon , 2000 ) , could have been prevented if psychological approaches had been adopted in the design and construction process .
For the Nicoll Highway incident , some argue that it was merely constrained by technology and the only cause was an engineering problem .
While it is true that the restrictions set by technology limitations are a direct cause for the engineering failure , the application of psychology could help to overcome the negative effects of technology difficulties .
Numerous journals written by engineers and professionals analyzing this disaster were all very absorbed by civil engineering details and theories after the Nicoll Highway collapsed , but the disaster was concluded to be unexpected as technology should have been sufficient for this construction project ( Thansnanipan & Aung , 2005 ) .
This means that it is not a shortcoming in technology that necessarily led to engineering failure , but a lack of psychological analysis .
When some were arguing for objective difficulties in technology , it was admitted by the main contractor that the major cause is the overload of temporary works and their low quality ( New Civil Engineer , 2005 ) .
The contractor admitted that they had foreseen the potential problems that might arise due to overloading , but they somehow still did not pay enough attention and continued with it .
The primary goals being to improve nuclear safety , efficient thermal performance and reduce cost .
Many reactor designs are being considered to meet the generation IV goals of today .
Two of the generation IV reactors called Gas-Cooled Fast Reactor and Sodium-Cooled Fast Reactor are highly appreciated and accepted in modern nuclear power plant systems .
In terms of performance , security and cost cost , both reactors are well designed .
( M.J. Lineberry & T.R. Allen , 2002 ) compared to the Sodium-Cooled Fast Reactor , Gas-Cooled Fast Reactor has the thermal efficiency about 48 % , which is generally higher than sodium-cooled fast reactor .
van Rooijen , 2009 ) In addition , under the high performance , both reactors need to work under high temperature .
In thermal performance , both reactors have good features especially for energy conversion however , the Gas-Cooled Fast Reactor may have additional advantages .
Then , it is a primary system that operates near atmospheric pressure .
Meanwhile , the Sodium-Cooled Fast Reactor is based on safety countermeasures for self-controlled shutdown function and controlling function .
( M.J. Lineberry & T.R. Allen , 2002 ) The Gas-Cooled Fast Reactor , not only includes a basic self safety control functions but also has many safety approaches applied to the system to make it work safely under high temperature with additional safety devices being added to the equipment .
Recent research and development with in depth studies for safety shows that , , the Gas-Cooled Fast Reactor system has through experiment demonstrated its security aspect .
Newton & P.J. Smith , 2007 ) Hence , it is safer when it works properly .
Furthermore , in terms of cost , the Sodium-Cooled Fast Reactor was economical with the use of high burn-up fuels .
It uses advanced materials and innovative design options to reduce power plant capital cost and lower operating cost .
However , the Gas-Cooled Fast Reactor is also well designed especially for waste recycling ; GFR tries to minimize the release of gaseous and liquid effluents to the environment .
GFR systems are designed to allow for self-treatment by applying fuel manufacturing operations .
In conclusion , both the Sodium-Cooled Fast Reactor and the Gas-Cooled Fast Reactor achieve generation IV primary goal to satisfy the requirement of energy .
The Sodium-Cooled Fast Reactor works with good thermal efficiency under a lower temperature when compared to the Gas-Cooled Fast Reactor .
Moreover , it is designed well in terms of safety and cost .
Similarly , the GFR system offers significant potential to advance generation IV sustainability goals through its thermal efficiency , direct energy conversion , safety arrangement and proper cost .
Over all , the Gas-Cooled Fast Reactor has advantages over The Sodium-Cooled Fast Reactor with respect to thermal efficiency , security and cost .
According to The Cambridge Advanced Learner 's Dictionary , the word " accident " means something bad which happens that is not expected or intended , and which often damages something or injures someone .
Let us have a quick scan through one of the world 's deadliest high-speed train accidents- the Eschede train disaster , which had a death toll of 101 .
Post accident investigation has shown that the main factors that contributed to this severe train accident was the wheel design of the train , maintenance of the train , and failure to stop the train .
Could this accident have probably been prevented with the usage of psychology as proposed by Bernhard Wilpert in " Psychology and design processes " ?
Psychology is the study of the behavior of the human mind .
In most accidents , the main causes are errors in human judgments or simply known as a human problem .
For example , the faulty design of the " wheel-tire " in the Eschede incident .
As Wilpert mentioned in his article , humans can make mistakes .
Psychologists might make mistakes but at least they can lower the probability of errors caused by human 's irresponsible acts or carelessness .
Besides this , it has been found that accidents are usually caused by chain reactions of a series of factors according to Heinrich Domino theory .
In the case of the Eschede train accident for instance , if the wheel of the train was designed in a better way or well maintained , or if the train could be stopped at the right moment before the crash , the accident could probably have been avoided .
But on the other hand , not all factors are within the control of human capability .
Bad weather conditions , earthquake , are all hard to predict .
It is quite true that these factors are beyond human control and we can not prevent them from happening .
All we have to do is take all the necessary steps and precautionary methods to prevent these " uncontrollable " factors from triggering an accident .
As mentioned in the very first paragraph , accident are usually unexpected .
Moments before the accident of Eschede , one of the passengers on the train had noticed that the tire on a wheel broke and peeled away from the wheel and punctured the floor of the train .
He informed the conductor about what he saw but the conductor insisted on further investigating the incident and thus refused to pull the emergency brake .
Psychologically , the conductor did not want to get into trouble as pulling the emergency brake would definitely have caused much hassle .
If he chose to give safety the most priority , he would have pulled the emergency brake and the accident could probably have been prevented .
However , when it come to an emergency , the most important thing is often an individuals ability to react rationally to resolve the problem .
The more one gets trained , the more readily he is able to face an emergency .
Finally , the approach of psychological knowledge can prevent or at least reduce the probability of accidents occurring .
Studies of human behavior , stages of an accident , investigation into industrial accident , together with some necessary and suitable psychological approaches would definitely help in minimizing the occurring of severe accidents , especially those that are due to errors in human judgement .
The drastic industrial development and advancement in science and technology has led to the rising energy demand .
The invention of Supercritical-Water-Cooled Reactor ( SWCR ) is one of the latest Generation VI nuclear reactors that have high potential to replace coal and fuel as an energy source .
Nonetheless , debate on the using of this nuclear reactor has become a hot issue today due to the negative effects that would be brought to humans as well as other living organisms on the earth .
First and foremost , The Supercritical-Water-Cooled Reactor ( SWCR ) has a good security system and is safe to be used . Much has been said about the danger of using nuclear reactors as power generators such as emission and leakage of radioactive waste and explosion of nuclear reactor , where Chernobyl and Three Mile Island emerge to be famous for that reason .
Furthermore , this reactor 's pressure vessel is incorporated a core arrangement with three passes to avoid the overheating effect and thus , minimizing the probability of the explosion of SWCR .
Moreover , the cost of construction of The Supercritical-Water-Cooled Reactor ( SWCR ) and cost of its power output are cheap and reasonable . It is undeniable that uranium oxide , the main input for SWCR , and the construction materials used are expensive .
Although uranium oxide is expensive , it has a very long life , about 24000 years .
Last but not least , The Supercritical-Water-Cooled Reactor ( SWCR ) has high efficiency in term of electricity and power generation . According to Nuclear Engineering and Design ( 2007 ) , The Supercritical-Water-Cooled Reactor ( SWCR ) promises to have high thermal efficiencies of approximately 45 % , which can generate about 1,700 MW of thermal energy per hour .
Further researches have shown that The Supercritical-Water-Cooled Reactor ( SWCR ) can achieve great safety by its design modification , lower and reasonable cost of its construction and power generation and has high efficiency in terms of electricity and power generation .
Therefore , further research and development funding for the Supercritical-Water-Cooled Reactor ( SWCR ) should be provided as it stands in good stead to become the future 's power generator in the near future .
Most scientists have agreed that we have to reduce the emission of green house gases as the impact of global warming becomes more serious .
Nuclear power will not produce the green house gases and it will provide vast amounts of energy .
However , The U.S gave up building reactors since 1979 because of the defects of nuclear power and as the cost of a reactor was high , since there was no appropriate coolant for reactors and as the waste recycling system was not perfect .
Therefore , it sparked a significant controversy of whether the nuclear power should be reconsidered .
Firstly , SCWR is still facing a financial problem .
If the government uses this money to build more fossil reactors , the increasing fossil reactor plants will help the situation of lack of energy .
It is true that the initial cost of building a fossil plant is low , but the long-term costs which keeping it working are high says PBMR Company international marketing manager Gert Claassen .
Furthermore , the SCWR reactor 's efficiency and relatively simple design , would be cheaper to build and run than normal reactors .
Secondly , it is too difficult to find an appropriate coolant for nuclear reactor .
Thirdly , people are worrying about the waste of nuclear power , because the waste of reactor is normally radioactive .
Therefore , this waste are not radioactive and it is much safer compared with the wastes of previous of reactors .
Moreover , SCWR has built a system for water purification through supercritical oxidation .
Therefore , the SCWR is feasible and reliable .
For the public , the problem of global warming and other environmental problems caused by emissions of fossil fuel will be eliminated .
Politically , the nuclear power will maintain their energy source independence and reduce the conflicts of energy possessing .
To engineers and scientists , the applications of nuclear reactors would encourage them to find more efficient way to generate energy from reactors and the improve the safety of reactors in case of any accidents .
The question of whether we should have nuclear power plants as an energy resource is controversial .
People stand against it as they have little knowledge about the nuclear power plant .
Cost , safety and performance are three major aspects of opposition to this technology ; nevertheless , there is still an unyielding need to support further research and development funding for VHTR .
Still , in point of fact , nuclear power plants can reduce the expenditure in producing more energy in the long run .
compared to conventional plants , VHTR can bring out 50 % more electricity from the same amount of fuel .
Since that VHTR uses a lower amount of fuel to produce higher amounts of energy , it is much more economic than other power plants regardless of the start up cost , as the start-up cost can be compensated in the long run .
Therefore , when sources of conventional plants are severely depleted , its cost will soar up and become uneconomical ; on the other hand , VHTR uses half the amount of fuel to produce an equal amount of energy , hence it can last longer .
Safety of a nuclear plant is the issue that concerns the public the most .
It raised public 's uncertainty about the safety of developing new nuclear power plants .
VHTR is coated with a layer of graphite which can be used to slow down neutrons in order to control the nuclear chain reaction and it is covered with an ultra hard ceramic layer .
Furthermore , it uses helium , an inert gas as a coolant .
Therefore it can avoid any radioactive material from escaping if an accident happens .
Moreover , a back-up emergency core cooling system ( ECCS ) has been designed .
ECCS can remove excess heat and avoid damage to power plants in emergency situations , such as terrorism .
In addition , VHTR would be able to function without the need to reprocess plutonium waste .
This would be able to prevent the creation of nuclear power weapons as plutonium is an ingredient to produce advanced nuclear weapons .
People assume that VHTR has lower performance when compared to other kinds of Generation IV power sources .
This gives people a wrong assumption that VHTR .
Furthermore , VHTR is designed to efficiently produce both electricity and hydrogen at the same time .
Likewise , VHTR is being designed with adequate safety precautions to prevent a tragedy from happening .
It has better performance as well since it has high efficiency and both electricity and hydrogen as its reactive product .
Consequently , more research and development funding should be given to VHTR .
As society develops rapidly , the demand for energy also increases in tandem .
SFR is basically the use of sodium as a coolant to produce nuclear energy .
cost wise , building a SFR is estimated at US $ 610 million , while the VHTR would cost US $ 610 millionU.S .
Therefore , in the long run , the VHTR is more economical in producing a large amount of energy .
Some people also say that the efficiency of the SFR is about fifty percent at a temperature of 500 centigrade degrees .
It is higher than the VHTR which is about forty percent at 500 centigrade degrees ( , 2009 ) .
For the SFR 500 centigrade degrees is the suitable working temperature , which means the maximum efficiency for it is fifty percent .
However , for VHTR , the suitable working temperature is about 1500 centigrade degrees .
At such a temperature , the efficiency of the VHTR is about 65 percent , which is much higher than the SFR ( ) .
Under the same standard , we can clearly see that the efficiency of the VHTR is better .
What we should do is to plan what we should do when bad things happen .
Besides that , it can also harm human beings .
Even though the coolant leaks out , it will not do any harm to the environment and human beings .
To conclude , the initial cost of VHTR is higher , but in the long run its cost is much lower .
By considering the cost , efficiency and safety factors , we can judge that a very high temperature is the better choice in theong run .
With the speedy development throughout the whole world , the rise in energy needs becomes an unavoidable problem .
In order to satisfy the needs , the generation IV reactor concept has been brought forward for further research and the utilization of nuclear power , and the Very High Temperature Reactor [ VHTR ] , which uses a graphite-moderated nuclear reactor with a once-through uranium fuel cycle under an outlet temperature of 1000 ° C , is one such concept .
However , even before VHTR has been made use of , the public has begun to debate whether this concept can do more good than harm .
Although quite a number of people have no faith in the concept and provide some reasons , there exist solid evidences to show that the VHTR is worth developing and can benefit the society .
As they state , in order to generate as much electricity as it expels in the U.S. every day , almost 400 nuclear power plants should be constructed and utilized .
The great discrepancy threatens VHTR 's development .
In fact , this analysis is due to a mis-illustration .
One fact that needs to be clarified is that the opponents misuse the capacity of the conventional plants rather than that of VHTR .
Scientists suggest that the new generation reactor can squeeze 50 % more electricity from the same amount of fuel when compared with the conventional plants .
Instead , it should always be a combination of complex methods .
In that case , whether VHTR can fulfil one country or even the global needs of electricity is not of concerned .
As long as the concept is feasible and is better than the old ones , VHTR deserves further research and thus can bring more advantage to the society .
In addition , opponents are also concerned about the safety of the reactor especially when they recall the Chernobyl nuclear accident .
The great graphite and the single-phase , inert helium coolant can not react .
This can to a great extent ensure its safety during its reaction .
On the other hand , the corresponding design of the constructions of the nuclear power plants can prevent nuclear leaks even when disasters occur .
Simultaneously , the system will also bring about a safe environment .
In that case , we can safely draw the conclusion that VHTR is worth further research and development .
July 17 , 1981 in Kansas City , Missouri , United States , while dozens of people were gathering on the walkway in Hyatt Regency Crown Centre and seeing a dance contest , the walkway collapsed and caused 114 people to die and 200 to be injured .
After the accident was investigated into , the main cause of the accident was a significant change in the design of the walkway .
The original design by Jack D. Gillum was using a set of steel tie rods to suspend the two walkways to the ceiling , but the contractor proposed to use two separate tie rods : one connected one walkway to the ceiling , and the other connected the two walkways .
Jack D. Gillum and associates did not calculate the alternate plan before they designed it on paper .
( )
In order to prevent such accidents from happening , psychology should be introduced to the design process .
For example , cognitive psychology focuses on ways to improve memory and how to increase decision-making accuracy and social psychology is interested in the impact that social environment and interaction has on attitudes and behaviors ( Kendra , V.W .
For instance , if we introduce psychology to the case above , then the designer and the contractor would have communicated well ; so that the accidents would not happen .
The new generation reactors are planning to run at very high temperatures or high pressures ( Butler , D. ( 2004 , ) .
The more complex the process is , the more difficult to predict the problems .
Sometimes only after the process is implemented , will the problems be known. .
For example , the " Prestige " oil spill was mainly caused by the rainstorm .
Prestige carried 77,000 tons of heavy fuel oil and was traveling on the sea near Spain when it met rainstorm .
Finally the tanker sank and caused an oil spill ( ] ) .
Psychology only can deal with human error , not the other factors .
It can not prevent all the accidents , as accidents are not only caused by human errors and as for some new designs , they must attempt to assess where problems are likely to occur .
On the 28th of January , 1986 , the US Space Shuttle Challenger exploded 73 seconds after launch , killing the entire crew .
In other words , not only the technical factors , but also the human factors caused this disaster to occur
Actually , from the time it was first scheduled to lift off on January 22nd , to when it was finally launched on the 28th of January , liftoff was delayed several times for various reasons .
Well , it is true that the errors can not be prevented completely ; nevertheless , we should try our best to reduce the risk to the least level one that we can accept .
Apparently , the condition of The Challenger was not what we can accept as safe .
Secondly , had the decision-making system been better , the tragedy could have been avoided .
Furthermore , they also had policy failure in terms of competitive bidding for manufacturing companies and defects in the supervision system .
Although NASA have had to face the pressure from the public and from politicians , they should have been aware of the consequences of the failure , .
The NASA officials seemed neither to have been warned adequately of the danger of a launch in cold weather , nor be told emphatically enough the need of redesigning the O-rings .
Besides , the warning of an air blast from a Boeing 757 aircraft was also ignored before the liftoff .
Communication did not flow effectively , which indirectly led to the tragedy happening .
As discussed above , the Challenger disaster 's causes lies not only in the technical factors , but also on the human factors .
Though it was an indirect cause , its influence is so large that it was more important than the technical factor .
Psychology in design processes , whose significance has been showed in this accident , should be paid more attention to in future engineering design .
Only in this way , can the safety of projects be improved efficiently and be guaranteed .
There has been a debate between two Generation Four reactors , the Very High Temperature Reactor ( VHTR ) and the Supercritical Water Reactor ( SCWR ) , as to which reactor has superior performance .
On the one hand , engineers use the most advanced technology and concept to design the VHTR .
On the other hand , the technology applied on the SCWR is developed from conventional technology of an older type of nuclear reactor , Light Water Reactor ( LWR ) .
The supporters of VHTR attack SCWR for its " obsolete " technology and its incapability of generating Hydrogen as a co-product of electrcity .
When people compare the two types of reactors , they tend to focus on the temperature at which reactors operates .
As a result , a misleading conception arises , which is that the VHTR works much more efficiently than the SCWR .
These two energy states of neutrons are closely related the fusion of two fuels , U235 and Np237 .
For people who are obssesed with the VHTR , one main reason would be it allows an easy way to generate a clean natural energy , Hydrogen .
Furthermore , using Hydrogen , which has just begun developing and is far from matured , electricity has been with human beings for over a hundred years .
The technology of electricity can be found everywhere and big automobile manufacturers have started to discuss the possibility of replacing fossil-fuel-powered cars with electricity-powered ones .
The SCWR is built of low-cost electricity .
In addition , the two technologies needed to build the SCWR are already at hand , which are widely-employed by current Generatioon Three LWRs .
Unlike the VHTR which uses rare gas Helium as a coolant , the SCWR simply uses water to cool down the system .
As a result , the SCWR costs much less to build and greatly simplifies the nuclear plant .
In conclusion , the most advanced technologies may not be suitable in a certain condition .
The SCWR has proven itself to be more capable at both high performance and low cost .
In this sense , the SCWR is a better nuclear reactor compared to the VHTR for our future .
Competitive costs and financial risks of nuclear energy systems are constantly being compared .
The current race to develop the best reactor for use is still questionable as all the reactors have their own strengths and weaknesses .
At the turn of the millennium , the rising of Asian countries such as China and India intensified the competition for energy .
In 2007 , China consumed a third as much oil as the United States , which burns a quarter of the world 's oil every day .
New York Times ) By 2030 , China and India together will import as much oil as the United States and Japan today .
( Pachauri , 2007 ) Hence , fossil fuels are not a viable means to meet the increasing demand of energy .
Acknowledging the need of nuclear power to meet the world 's energy appetite , several countries have formed the Generation IV International Forum ( GIF ) to research the possible nuclear technologies and to mitigate the risks posed by them .
Better heat transfer also allows the coolant to have a slower flow rate of the coolant , thus saving cost by using smaller pumps and piping .
Compared to the SCWR , the sodium can be kept at normal atmospheric pressure .
Also , the reactor core is at a lower temperature , and thus relatively easier to manage .
Moving on to the cost , SCWR does offer much savings .
Consequently , the research could be focused towards developing irradiation resistant materials to be used for the reactor .
Research into fuel cycle and physically stronger and more radiation resistant structural materials would minimise the operating costs with improved operations and performance .
Also , with the support of countries such as Japan , France , and Russia , the cost of research is shared .
Finally , keeping nuclear-enriched materials at a high temperature would prevent them from being stolen and used as weapons by terrorists .
Though the deployment cost is high at present , the burden will be shared by the many countries supporting the technology .
Facing the issues of rising oil prices and the long term availability of fossil fuels , governments are now rethinking their national energy strategies .
In recent years , despite the contentious debate of using nuclear power to meet our ever-increasing energy needs , the world has started to consider nuclear energy as a future fuel source which is believed to more environmentally friendly compared to fossil fuels .
Hence , late in 2002 , Generation IV International Forum ( GIF ) announced the selection of six reactor technologies which they believe represented the future shape of nuclear energy .
These were selected on the basis of being a clean , safe and cost-effective means of meeting increased energy demands on a sustainable basis , while being resistant to usage of materials for weapons proliferation and secure from terrorist attacks ( US Department of Energy , 2009 ) .
However , this may be an unfounded concern in years to come when we consider the fact that the Korean and the US governments have worked for the past three years on developing and validating advanced computational methods for simulating LOCA in a VHTR , in an attempt to prevent such an accident from happening ( Chang , 2006 ) .
The fuel pebbles used in VHTR are also very 'durable ' in the sense that it is very difficult to extract the trapped fission products inside which render it a less favorable choice as a nuclear weapon .
VHTR also adopts a passive safety feature in which in the event of an emergency , does not require operator 's action to shutdown the plant safely .
The concern of graphite being an easily-combustible material is also addressed by experimental results that have shown that graphite can be heated to 'white-hot ' temperatures ( ~ 1650 ° C ) without incurring ignition or self-sustained combustion ( Lee , 2009 ) .
Firstly , in terms of burn-up rate of the fuel , for VHTR , it is possible to burn up to 65 % ( US Department of Energy , 2008 ) of its initial fuel as compared to SCWR which is capable of only burning up to 45 % of the initial fuel ( Buongiorno , 2003 ) .
This is unlike SCWR , which can only produce electricity .
Hydrogen production , an energy--intensive process , is important as hydrogen holds enormous promise as a power source for the future generation .
Hence , the plant can be operated at high temperatures without having to worry about corrosion of the plant pipes .
This is different from SCWR , which uses water as the coolant and hence there is a possibility of the pipe 's corrosion by water .
Lastly , proponents of SCWR claim that the construction cost of VHTR plant is much higher than SCWR due to its high operating temperature .
However , after the concept of Generation IV reactors was raised by GIF in 2001 ( Butler , 2004 ) , whether governments should solely focus on current nuclear reactors or split the funding for the new generation became a controversy .
Despite the accident in Chernobly , Ukraine , which was mainly caused by man-made operating errors ( Chernobly accident , 2009 ) , no major accident has occurred in the past two decades .
Rather than fund the Gen IV reactors , they think that governments should use the money to reinforce the safety of currently operating reactors .
These wastes take thousands of years to lose their activity . Thus they are not environmentally friendly in the long term ( Radioactive wastes , 2001 ) .
On the other hand , the cost of generating electricity from current nuclear reactors is already quite low ( 2.3 pence per kilowatt ) , which is comparable with other major sources ( The cost of generating electricity , 2004 ) .
But with the technology of Gen IV reactors , the efficiency can be improved 45 % to 50 % due to extremely high operating temperature ( 1000 degrees Celsius ) ( Daniels , 2007 ) .
Moreover , the heat produced by the Gen IV reactors can be used to produce hydrogen from water or supplied to the petrochemical industry ( The very-high-temperature reactor , n.d. ) .
The cogeneration and applications make the total efficiency even higher , thus further reducing the operating costs .
In order to optimize its power to meet the increasing demand of electricity as well as to maintain long term sustainability , governments should fund the Generation IV reactors instead of the old generation ones .
Fossil fuels , being non-renewable , are being exhausted at a rate faster than they can be replenished .
Hence , in order to solve the energy crisis , we need to look for other sources of energy .
Nuclear power is an important source of energy for the future . Hence more funding should be provided for research and development of nuclear reactors .
The public is worried that nuclear waste or nuclear materials could be stolen or sabotaged by terrorists during transportation or storage .
Nuclear waste or nuclear materials meant for energy production is not suitable to be used in nuclear weapons ( European Physical Society , 2007 ) .
Furthermore , the newer generation of reactors , like the VHTR , produces much less nuclear waste at terror-proof facilities ( Butler , 2004 ) .
Therefore , with these improvements in technology , we are able to minimize or even eliminate these security issues concerning nuclear generators .
Hence more research and development should be put into nuclear reactors .
People are worried about radiation leaks from nuclear facilities or nuclear waste .
All the factors mentioned above maybe true , and hence put nuclear power plants in a bad light .
Hence , problems such as nuclear waste is harder to process , can be solved with sufficient funding for research and development of nuclear power plants .
It is a known fact that nuclear power plants require high-start up costs .
Funds have to be inserted so as to support the high technology machinery and also create a safe environment with proper safety guidelines for the reactors .
In addition , operating licenses have to be bought from the government , to ensure safe operation of the nuclear power plants .
However , once the basic infrastructure has been laid down , nuclear power turns into a readily accessible and cheaply recoverable source of energy ( European Physical Society , 2007 ) .
Furthermore , with 4 of the 6 Generators-IV reactors being able to use reprocessed radioactive waste ( Butler , 2004 ) , it would be no surprise if nuclear power is able to last much longer than we expect .
It is a widely known fact that nuclear power is able to produce much more energy compared to traditional fossil fuels .
Furthermore , comparing the Generation-IV reactors with older nuclear reactors , the new reactors are much more efficient . Some of them , like the VHTR , produce hydrogen at the same time ( Butler , 2004 ) .
Nuclear power will make an important contribution to our future energy needs together with other alternatives ( European Physical Society,2007 ) . Hence , in order to produce nuclear energy more effectively and cleanly we must put in more support and funding for the research and development of nuclear reactors .
They were very much surprised by the unique design and amazed by the stunning price .
Although it was a surprising package , both positive and negative arguments about the car were presented at the Auto Expo 2008 .
The main issue discussed was safety .
The big question raised was whether Tata 's Nano was safe to drive on normal roads .
They prove that it is able to withstand a crash on a solid steel bar at a speed of 48 km/h .
Besides that , Hichman , designer of Nano , explains that their target was to construct a modular body where structure was added to the base of the vehicle so that Nano will be able to meet the European safety regulations ( Schedel , 2009 ) .
Moreover , a test was even done at Motor Industry Research Association ( MIRA ) in the UK to prove their claim .
Although much supporting evidence was given by Tata , it is said that Tata made critical modifications specifically to meet the European and Indian test norms .
Besides that , Americans feel that the test was not sufficient as it was only done at a speed of 48km/h . Many vehicles travel at much higher speeds especially on highways ( Jenks , 2009 ) .
Tata provides warranty for a period of only 18 months , which is much less compared to the other cars .
It is a big surprise that Tata has just neglected some of the most important features like the airbag , parking sensors , fog lamps and traction controls in its design .
Many who bought the car are complaining especially about the safety aspects of the car .
For example , a citizen of India stated that there are not enough safety features and that the Nano is a very bad design ( Gangadharan , 2008 ) .
But their argument was that these features were not a necessity on Indian roads ( Massey , 2008 ) .
However , Tata should realise that the car is not only going to be sold in India but marketed in other countries .
So , if other countries are not willing to purchase the car because it lacks safety features , then it will be a big loss for Tata .
Drivers will definitely have difficulties spotting the vehicles which are coming from behind and this may even lead to accidents .
Besides that , the wheels look small .
So , while travelling on slopes or heavy traffic , it could be dangerous .
The more comfortable the driver feels , the more easy he will find it to drive the car .
So , clearly it seems that there are some features that need to be changed .
It would be better if tougher materials could be used , more safety features added and some required changes done to the current design .
But I strongly feel that those who want to purchase the car will not mind paying a little more if it is going to provide a safer ride on the roads .
The reactor was invented because of the increasing demand for an alternative source of energy that could substitute crude oil .
Nuclear reactors can produce cleaner and higher energy than crude oil .
However , there is always an intention of the public to reject the idea of using nuclear reactors .
The disaster that happened at Chernobyl , Ukraine , in 1986 is one reason for the public 's anxiety .
Nonetheless , a VHTR ( Very-High- Temperature Reactor ) , which is one of the generation IV reactor concepts , has the technology to prevent disaster by using helium as its coolant and by producing waste with low radioactivity .
The VHTR can also produce both electricity and hydrogen through a very efficient process , so the cost of running a VHTR will not be as high as other reactors in the long run .
This argument may arise because of the lack of knowledge about helium .
This is indeed true . However , the ongoing HTTR ( High-Temperature Engineering Test Reactor ) project in Japan gives us a clue that it is not impossible to develop a new strong material in the future .
In addition , the operation of the VHTR does not depend on plutonium reprocessing , which is a controversial issue ( Butler , 2004 ) .
Thus , the VHTR waste is much safer than that of the existing nuclear reactors .
They say that the money that the government spends on building the reactor can be used for other purchases .
This is indeed true . However , , the cost of building a VHTR is in fact not as high as the other generation IV reactors .
Therefore , in the long run , it is profitable to build the VHTR because it can produce both electricity and hydrogen through a very efficient process .
To conclude , in spite of claims that nuclear reactors are dangerous and costly , the VHTR with its improved design , can overcome these issues .
Mention nuclear power and the general consensus are fear and rejection , and Chernobyl comes to mind .
These reactors , still in the designing and testing phase , excel in areas of sustainability , safety , economics and proliferation resistance ( Bouchard and Bennett,2008 ) , all which are specially intended to address all issues and challenges that nuclear power faces in a world combating the production of greenhouse gases , but in the safest possible way .
Very High Temperature Reactor ( VHTR ) emerges from the six as one of the most promising and is currently being heavily researched on . But is it worth the funds and efforts when safety concerns are still present and worse , unaddressed ?
For its performance level , the operating core temperatures of the reactor is capable of reaching an almighty peak of 1000 ( Chapin , et al 2004 ) , figures that will not only raise questions about its viability as well as the safety measures in place for such a high amount of energy , since temperature is directly proportional to the energy level of a closed system .
And because of the heights in the Celsius scale , the materials used in the reactor can not be of regular quality , much less inferior .
The use of high temperature creates an extremely volatile and sensitive situation which , on the one hand raises output efficiency ( OECD Nuclear Energy Agency , 2000 ) , but also requires a precise state-of-the-art monitoring system that further increases the production prices .
The six new reactors mainly differ only in their choice of coolant used in the system .
Helium gas is abundant on the Sun 's atmosphere but only at trace levels on the Earth 's surface ( AIR LIQUIDE , 2009 ) .
In addition , helium is not the only coolant that is chemically inert with the fuel ; molten lead is another viable option and is plentiful on the Earth 's crust .
Last but not least , gaseous coolants have low thermal transfer properties , hence requiring an intermediate heat exchange with a larger surface area ( Chapin , et al 2004 ) .
LFR on the other hand , is more suitable . The relatively smaller scale of operation and hence energy output , may be inferior compared to VHTR , but it is not feasible and unsafe for a large nuclear plant in a developing country where security and social unrest are issues .
LFR is a more portable option , thus more resistant against terrorism and weapon conversion since it is too stable to become a destructive tool .
Maintenance costs for VHTR will also be a tight spot for a growing nation , an area of concern which can be resolved by the use of LFR , which requires refueling once every 20 years .
The system core temperatures of LFR can reach up to 500 ( Idaho National Laboratory , 2005 ) , almost 50 % lower than that of VHTR and present significant differences in the operations of the plants .
Molten lead , compared to helium , is a superior and cheaper heat transfer medium , hence increasing the portability of the power plant by reducing the need for a large intermediate heat exchanger .
In conclusion , LFR may not be as proficient in energy production when compared to VHTR , but it addresses critical issues that VHTR fails to
As the population 's reliance on technology advances and grows , a greater need for electricity energy to power these computer gadgets has since sparked an inevitable concern as many worry that fossil fuels , being used over the years to generate electricity , are not sufficient enough to accommodate all the needs .
Moreover , global warming has been growing at an alarming rate , thanks partly to the excessive air pollution generated by fossil fuels .
Therefore , a search for higher efficient and safe energy supply is desperately needed and it is already on the agenda of all countries .
Nuclear power has since expanded to replace conventional fuels because of the higher efficiency it can provide to the world .
Many concepts are reviewed to improve the already competent nuclear reactors and so far , generation IV reactor concepts are among those which have stood up among the crowd that are worth developing
Safety factor is heavily considered because if an accident occurs at nuclear reactor sites , it can result in massive releases of radioactivity .
And it includes the development of passive heat removal systems , low power density and easily cool-able geometry .
However some have argued that VHTR is unsafe as it is operating at a higher temperature and it would easily be the target of terrorist attacks
And some have also put doubts on the ability of a passive heat removal system because if it fails to remove heat in the reactor , leakage of radioactive components will occur .
Certainly , disasters which happened in Three Mile Island , Tokaimura and Chernobyl should never be repeated .
But , according to Forrest J. Remick , professor emeritus of nuclear engineering and a former associate vice president for research at Penn State , VHTR is safe and this concept has been demonstrated in several test reactors in the United States , Germany , China and South Africa .
However , some experts have pointed out that if such high temperature is stimulated within a reactor , a new hardy alloy may be necessary to protect the inside layer of the reactor .
To get those alloys would already cost millions .
How about the construction cost of the entire power plant which is still unknown ?
When the cost is reduced , cheaper electricity can be provided to the public .
But in terms of performance , VHTR is a more efficient concept compared to others in generation four nuclear reactor concepts .
Even though it might prove costly at the beginning it pays off well as it produces both electricity and hydrogen fuel instead of electricity only .
High temperature processed in the reactor can be used as a condition to yield hydrogen from sulphur-iodine cycle , which is a series of thermo-chemical processes that will fail without a sufficient source of heat .
Hydrogen fuel produced can be used in vehicles as its onboard fuel .
Currently , VHTR development is in the early stages .
There are enormous items left to do in order for this concept to succeed in future .
Therefore , more research and development should be carried out so that in future this concept can become the energy supply for everyone on this earth .
However , as global warming is becoming a more pressing issue , we have now turned to nuclear reactors to provide us clean energy .
Which generation IV nuclear reactor we should choose ?
One of the main reasons for LFR being safer is LFR , which operates at around 550 degree Celsius , has a lower outlet temperature than VHTR , which operates at around 1000 degree Celsius ( Butler .
In short , operating at 1000 degree Celsius is not much of a safety issue since VHTR is safe and reliable at high temperatures .
In terms of the coolant used by the two reactors , VHTR is safer than LFR .
Given the presence of the radioactive polonium and the corrosiveness of lead , it is not safe to use lead as a coolant .
In terms of cost to build the reactor , LFR costs around US $ 700 million ( Neil W. Brown .
2006 ) while VHTR costs around US $ 1.1 billion ( Butler .
In addition , in terms of the cost of coolant , lead costs around US $ 0.24 per 100 grams ( MetalPrice.com ) while helium costs around US $ 5.20 per 100 grams .
However , there are other factors that will also affect the cost of operating the reactor , such as maintenance costs .
The economic production of hydrogen ( H2 ) by thermochemical cycles , can reduce the maintenance cost for operating the VHTR .
The final argument advanced by the supporters of LFR is LFR performs much better than VHTR .
However , recycling of nuclear waste will result in the production of plutonium , which can be used for nuclear weapons ( Butler .
Hence , recycling of nuclear waste is not safe in terms of security .
It is because the higher the outlet temperature , the greater the efficiency of electrical generation .
VHTR generates electrical energy in two ways , from the nuclear reactant directly and from hydrogen fuel .
In conclusion , VHTR is safe because it is designed to attain thermal stability and it uses an inert coolant , which is helium .
Hence , it should be evident that VHTR works better than LFR in terms of security , cost and performance .
Since VHTR is one of the better options among the generation IV nuclear reactors and it is feasible , we should invest in and support further research and development on VHTR .
Nowadays , we use fossil fuel in most cases , because it is convenient and has low cost of production .
But as the environment issues become high-profile problems and under the situation that this kind of non-renewable resource run out in the near future , people are beginning to seek some other methods that can support the world .
Nuclear power is now widely used in many countries and plays a more and more important role in the 21th century .
According to a survey , nuclear power produces around 11 % of the world 's energy needs and could take a greater proportion in the future .
This new reactors operating at high temperatures are safer and more efficient
That 's why US , France and China have already planed to build the plant in order to occupy the dominant position in this new area .
However , among the six types of new reactors,s the Very High Temperature Reactor is the most appropriate for us to realize .
It may become the next major energy producer
The VHTR , just as its name implies , needs temperatures as high as 1000 ° C .
VHTR can provide some outstanding features which the rest can not , or VHTR is an extremely high efficiency reactor with a good security guarantee .
The VHTR system is highly ranked in efficiency not just because of its high nuclear production but also the large hydrogen production , and such a by product can also be used in many other industries .
Actually , according to the report from DISCOVERY : VHTR plants could even produce hydrogen for fuel using high-temperature steam electrolysis , which breaks apart the bonds of water molecules . This process is 50 percent more energy-efficient than existing hydrogen production methods .
The electricity , of course , will be used as electric power . .
Based on the information from DISCOVER : The VHTR should produce electricity about 40 percent more efficiently than most reactors in the United States ( New Tech Could Make Nuclear the Best Weapon Against Climate Change , Elizabeth Svoboda ) .
In terms of safety , firstly , the design takes advantage of the inherent safety characteristics of a
Helium should be very stable and inert even under high temperature condition , so this kind of inert gas can protect the system during the refrigeration process .
Numerous tests and calculations have shown that it is virtually impossible for the this kind of graphite to become unstable . Self-sustained combustion or incurring ignition will not happen during the process .
That means low system pressure and low thermal energy will be stored in the core with low power density and , then decay heat will be dissipated passively by conduction and radiation even under the most severe accident conditions. ( ...................... .
) So the damage of the decay heat will be less serious .
The security of VHTR can be guaranteed , because of these three features that protect the system from collapsing .
But things are not always perfect . The cost of this reactor is very high and we still notice some technology gaps for the VHTR , for example , chemical process and the nuclear heat source to each other with regard to temperatures , power levels , and operational pressure. ( .......... .
After more than 20 years of evolution , medical robots have becomee one of the great inventions in this technology driven world .
In the past , medical robots helped the surgeons to diagnose the patients ' internal organs and perform minor surgerys .
But in recent years , due to the technology advancement on the medical robots , prototypes of these robots surgery systems are now able to perform more precise , accurate and complicated surgery , such as reaching for untouchable tissue on the patients with the surgeons controlling them remotely .
However , there are many issues revolving around the use of the robotics surgery system compared to traditional human operated surgery
The first issue is that the public is concerned that robotic surgery will be expensive. .
However , this is true for medical fees , especially surgery , and it is even more expensive when compared with traditional methods .
This may be the only disadvantage that the patients are going to have but there are lots of advantages for them if they are willing to use medical robots to perform surgery .
" This is quoted from one article by Debra S. from Reuters .
Another article from Newsweek , reported by Jennifer B. mentioned , " Forbes was walking within hours of his surgery and was discharged the next day .
" From these , we can see that patients are definitely benefiting in many ways especially when the they are able to go back to their normal daily life within a shorter recovery time .
The public is also concerned about the safety and reliability of the robotic surgery system , for example , the system breaking down in the process of surgery .
They are worried if this would have happen to them during surgery .
However , the public can rest assured on this matter because the hospitals have always been doing maintenance of the robotic systems .
As a matter of fact , this is the biggest downside for having a robotic system in the hospitals .
An article in The American College of Obstetricians and Gynecologists mentioned " The system costs hospitals about $ 1.6 million and requires an annual $ 100,000 maintenance contract , according to Dr .
The last issue of public concern is that the surgeons are not well trained in controlling the robotic surgery systems .
This is a valid concern as the patients are placing their lives in the surgeons ' hands .
However , the public , especially the patients , do not need to worry about this issue , as there is a robotic surgery training center in Singapore to train the surgeons .
The surgeons are responsible for proper training and follow training standards for using the equipment .
The surgeons are encouraged to have more practices before operating on the patients .
" The more you do , the better you 're going to get , said Dr Kevin Zorn "
In brief , with the advancement of medical technologies , the robotic surgery systems definitely benefit both the patients and the surgeons .
While the patients are able to recover quickly and return to their normal lifestyle , the surgeons are able to perform more surgery as they spend less time on each patient and require less manpower in the operating theater .
In my opinion , robotic surgery systems help to extend the lifespan of one human being .
Therefore , the public should not fear the robotic surgery and should have confidencet and trust the surgeons and the technologies they are using .
The nuclear power industry is reviving in the 21st century .
However , the accidents of reactor meltdown and explosion that happened in the past made the public worried about the safe operation of the nuclear reactors .
Whether it is necessary for the further research and development funding for VHTR therefore has becomes a big issue that is being widely discussed .
A number of oppositions were raised to stop the funding for the six generation IV reactor concepts because of not only the security risk but the inefficiency and the great cost as well .
Despite such concerns and queries , however , the new concept of VHTR does meet the public 's requirement in terms of safety , efficiency and cost , and the further research and development funding for it is definitely needed for resolving the energy crisis and also developing new materials and techniques .
The helium , which is used for cooling , has inherent safety characteristics to enhance the security of the whole reactor system .
Thus , it largely reduces the possibility of explosions or other accidents .
The VHTR system , if successful , will prevent most accidents
Practically , Japan has already put the concept of VHTR through tests and has been successful ( Kazuhiro , 2005 ) .
From this point of view , further research and development funding is also needed .
This may be true , but the value the VHTR system can rise and the benefit obtained can not be ignored .
Firstly , the VHTR system can largely contribute to easing the energy crisis that is widely spread all over the world , .
.
In addition , the VHTR system has a perfect design for waste recycling .
Furthermore , more research is needed to develop the VHTR system , including new materials such as heat resistant ones , and new techniques such as temperature control .
Once this research has been done , not only would the VHTR system benefit , , but also many other industries .
Therefore , the great value and benefit from developing the concept of VHTR are far more than the high cost it requires .
The first generation of nuclear reactors was built in 1950 .
Since then , continuous researches has been done to produce a better generation of nuclear reactors .
Nuclear power plants have been widely deployed in many leading countries in the world such as United States , Japan , and China which use the nuclear power plants as one of their main power sources to propel the energy industry .
The usage of the nuclear power plants is widely recognized and they are being integrated as part of those countries ' promising energy sources .
One kilogram of uranium can release the same amount of energy as that released by 2400 tons of standard coal .
It is a good alternative energy source which not only reduces the greenhouse effect,but also helps solve the problems of limited fossil fuels .
Nuclear power is deemed to be a promising energy source for the future .
However , the nuclear leak incidents which happened in the past few decades in countries such as Three Miles Island , Pennsylvania , Chernobyl in Ukraine , and Bhopal in India have posed doubts on the reliability of the nuclear reactors .
It is an organization formed by 9 leading countries in the world : Canada , China , Euratom , France , Japan , Republic of Korea , South Africa , Switzerland , and United States .
The organization tries to resolve security issues posed by the current nuclear reactors .
100 international experts from GIF and other world leading nuclear power plant research centers have gathered together to find the most promising nuclear systems .
These state-of-the-art nuclear reactors will be able to minimize nuclear wastes and reduce the long-term stewardship burden posed by traditional nuclear reactors .
They have integrated safety design and back-up systems to prevent accidents due to human errors and carelessness , therefore reducing the likelihood and degree of vector core damage .
The physical protection of the new nuclear reactors will also prevent acts of terrorism .
Out of the six proposals in the Generation IV Reactor , Very- High-Temperature Reactors ( VHTR ) stands out for its potential capability to achieve an excellent thermal performance .
The great breakthrough in the research also suggests that the VHTR does not require intermediate refueling , therefore eliminating the likelihood of accidents .
The reactor operates by using a high temperature exchanger and electrical heater to avoid efficiency penalty and enable the generation of electricity and hydrogen at the same time .
It iss also known that the ultra-long life VHTR systems can be developed with the use of minor actinides ( MA ) .
With today 's high demand of energy sources , one can say that nuclear energy is an inevitable energy source of the future .
Nuclear power , for a long time , has been one of the most useful inventions that served the people .
The Generation IV International Forum , which was attended by the ten nations specialising in nuclear power , introduced the six new reactor concepts ( " Nuclear power 's new dawn , " 2004 ) .
One of them , the Molten Salt Reactor , has a prospective application though there are several objections with respect to safety , cost and performance .
Some think that nuclear plants emit radioactive waste into the environment , which may cause both pollution and genetic mutation ; others are afraid of the safety system , meaning the plants might explode easily .
However , nuclear power as well as the new Molten Salt Reactor system , in fact , is safer and useful .
According to Declan Butler ( 2004 ) , the Molten Salt Reactor system mainly uses fluoride salts , which also belong to heat-and corrosion-resistant materials , as coolant , which can operate for a very long time and is also safe and reliable .
Another advantage of nuclear power is its green emission .
In fact , among other Generation IV Reactors as well as electricity generators , the Molten Salt Reactor seems to be the cheapest way to produce electricity .
He compared them in terms of the availability to build , cost to produce power and area of land occupied .
For example , the cost ( in US dollars for fuel used per Megawatt-hour energy is $ 5 for nuclear and $ 11 for coal plants ( " The Virtual Nuclear Tourist , " 2005 ) .
A nuclear plant can be built anywhere , which does not require natural resources .
Solar or wind power need a lot of land to produce the same amount of energy .
Performance is one of the most concerned factors that people
The power , an amount of energy generated in a unit of time , of a nuclear plant is highest among the others' .
As Roger ( 2007 ) stated in his statistical data , the average amount of energy generated per hour varies among kinds of plant : average 4000 MW for nuclear , 1000 MW for coal or oil-fired and 700 MW for hydroelectric generating stations .
From these numbers , it is obvious that the performance of nuclear plants is sufficient to support the consumption of a large population , which helps the nations lacking in natural resources be independent of coal or oil import .
In short , cheap material , additional product ( hydrogen ) and high performance ( property of nuclear power ) make the Molten Salt Reactor system as well as nuclear power most efficient .
In conclusion , nuclear power is safe , clean and effective , which most people seem to forget .
With the cheap , safe , recyclable , low pressure , having-additional-produce and high performance properties of the Molten Salt Reactor system , it is one of the most potential electricity generators for the future .
One of the Achilles ' heels of nuclear power plants is the danger of radioactive radiation leakage to the environment .
Generation IV nuclear reactor plants promise higher redundancy , higher efficiency , and better safety features than its predecessors .
In this essay , I shall discuss the advantage of Lead cooled Fast Reactor ( LFR ) over Sodium cooled Fast Reactor ( SFR ) on the aspects of safety , cost and performance .
The element sodium has a low boiling point of 1156 Kelvin , compared to lead 's higher 2023 Kelvin , which is dangerous because it becomes overheated and starts to boil ( Hejzlar , 2009 ) .
On the other hand , lead can become radioactive and is therefore harmful to life during refueling when the lead is exposed .
While research is being done to control the lead 's radioactivity , it is reassuring that refueling is done every 8 years in large plants and every 15 years in smaller plants .
Cost has become a very important criterion in the world today . In this case , the LFR fits the bill very well .
Considering the economies of scale , the cost of building materials such as steel and concrete will increase significantly , hence the size of a nuclear plant has become a consideration .
On the contrary , research on the use of pure lead instead of a lead-bismuth cooling agent may outweigh the economic benefits of LFR .
Also , the SFR is projected to be launched 10 years earlier than LFR .
For the time being , LFR has the advantage of costing less today .
Also LFR has better fuel efficiency than SFR as LFR has less specific power , 45kW/kgHM compared to 65kW/kgHM of the SFR .
SFR has been the mainstream for nuclear power plants in the past years and is therefore more familiar and accepted .
However research is needed to prove the capability of sodium at high temperatures , as it has a low boiling point , which will result in a complex design .
Hence , to meet the world 's energy needs , scientists are re-addressing the potential benefits of harnessing power through nuclear reaction , in which uranium is split to release energy .
Moreover , the processed heat that the nuclear reactor produces can also be used in other industrial areas such as hydrogen production , water desalination and the treatment of crude oil ( Jacques , 2008 ) .
The fact that uranium is also widely available in ample supply is in contrast to the trend of the rapidly depleting coal and natural gases reserves .
In addition , the leftover waste is radioactive in nature and if not handled properly , creates pollution and poses great threat to the ecosystem of the world .
Firstly , the VHTR does not recycle its leftover from the nuclear reaction . Instead the waste is discarded at the end of the nuclear process .
They are afraid that if terrorists were to sabotage these nuclear plants , their act will lead to a catastrophic disaster which will affect the nation 's economic and social health
To conclude , nuclear energy is relatively cheap , environmentally and socially responsible , and safe to use .
There was a sequence of events that caused the explosion of reactor number 4 that led to the release of radioactive fission products to the atmosphere .
This resulted in many deaths , including those who died from the accident , those firefighters and majority who were exposed to radiation .
There are arguments that the lack of knowledge of the operators and the technical failure of equipment could not be solved with the application of psychology .
However , it seems otherwise since psychology is a study of the human mind or behavior .
This incident occurred during a non-routine operation to test the ability of the turbine , in times of power failure , to produce sufficient power .
The behavior of operators should be anticipated and thus engineers could have reduced the complexity of the task by providing short and efficient procedure guidelines .
The failure to do so showed that the engineers had overestimated the operators ' knowledge of the process .
( Wilpert.B , 2007 ) In other words , it is unfair to blame the operators when accidents happen
Even so , many still think that psychology may not come in handy in preventing accidents , especially when it is due to technical faults .
This characteristic will cause reactors to be unstable at low power levels .
Another fatal technical fault was the chosen design of the control rods .
If they had adopted the use of psychology , they might have reviewed safety records of that type of reactor in the industry before deciding on it .
However , in this process , there may be partial failures in the system which the engineers failed to identify and were thus unable to improve safety of the system .
Therefore , a systematic thinking is recommended , where engineers constantly analyze their own approach and decisions so as to take corrective action to improve the safety of the whole system .
This is preferred to making corrections only after an accident has occurred .
Men have always wanted to fly freely since the realization of the aeroplane . Therefore , being able to travel great distances with freedom of route and comfort has since been the aim of the transportation industry .
" ( Moller , 2008 ) In 2008 , the prototype of Skycar , priced at over US $ 3million , was invented and put on sale via the auction site , eBay ( Techchee , 2007 ) .
Being able to take-off and land vertically with very little noise , it soon attracted the attention of not just the US Army but also rich businessmen who could rely on it to travel to different places with ease ( Yahoo , 2009 ) .
However , should its design safety be compromised to balance out the other factors like performance , cost , environmental and social requirement or needs ?
Although it may be true that redundant safety systems can be removed and the Skycar will still remain safe for usage but when an accident happens , no one can ever be too safe .
Besides , the loss of life and the cost of safety systems which could have prevented the accident can not be compared .
For example , the cars used in Formula One are much more heavily equipped with safety features since the death of driver , Ayrton Senna da Silva in 1994 , though his car was already very much equipped with safety precautions during his accident .
Some enthusiasts have remarked that it is simply too costly to own a Skycar .
The safety of bystanders is also considered where design safety is concerned .
Equipped with a auto-releasing parachute , it allows enough time for bystanders to evacuate when the vehicle fails .
In 2005 , of the 43443 people killed in vehicle accidents in the US , more than 5000 were innocent bystanders ( Stats , nd ) .
Some consumers commented that the structure and shape of the Skycar should be modified as it looks weird and
Although the designers modified the airfoil at the expense of raising it 's cost , if the vehicle were to be less stable , will the consumer still be interested in the product ?
The Skycar has since passed it flight test and awaiting approval from the Federal Aviation Administration to be recognised as a commercial vehicle .
As the market for such vehicle grows , mass production is likely to take place , which will in turn lower its cost price .
The rapid development of countries and expansion of population have created a world that is increasingly unable to meet the demand of energy.Additionally , fossil fuel is criticized as the main contributing factor for green house gas effect .
As such , there is a pressing need to search for alternative renewable forms and energy which is comparatively more eco-friendly and highly effective .
In such a context , nuclear energy created by using the Generation IV ( Gen IV ) reactor is able to replace fossil fuel , which is believed to be the main cause of global warming .
Some may argue , with skepticism , that the safety issues of this reactor are still imminent and hence , nuclear power should not be supported .
Some opponents have raised doubts of the performance of VHTR .
First , VHTR performs under very high temperature , thereby allowing for more efficient conversion of heat to electricity .
Nowadays , there is an increasing demand for energy due to fast economic development . Thus we need a power generation method that would be sustainable in the long term .
Actually , fossil fuel is also possible but with the spike in energy consumption in the past few decades , fossil fuel is predicted to be depleted by 2040 .
Moreover , the fossil fuel 's emission of carbon dioxide , which contributes to soaring green house gas levels would not happen with nuclear power .
In short , I believe that with further research , the efficiency of the nuclear power can be increased , making it a potential energy resource in the future .
Some skeptics feel that the building of VHTR is a risky investment , complaining that VHTR is an expensive source of energy , hence unfeasible .
Due to low maintenance , the fixed cost would be lower in the near future .
The fact that China , one the world largest consumers of energy , is willing to spend high proportion of money for this project shows the long run benefit that nuclear power can bring about , especially since the Chinese government has been always very pragmatic .
Yet , VHTR is actually still safe and reliable to operate , with improved accident management and mitigation and reduced off-side response with little human intervention .
Last but not least , some will question why helium with low thermal conductivity is chosen as its coolant given that some other coolant , for instance molten salt , allows better electric conversion efficiency than a helium-cooled VHTR operating at similar conditions .
However , the selection of coolant is based on many factors .
Although there is certain undenied limitation of VHTR , I am strongly convinced that with the current technology advances , the limitation will be solved .
With more funds channeled into research into this area , the potential of VHTR could be maximized .
The most common method of power generation for close to 150 years the burning of fossil fuels such as oil or coal .
Perhaps a solution to save our planet will be to use a cleaner energy source -- nuclear power , which does not emit any harmful gases .
The world is concerned with the safety of nuclear power plants and the possibility of nuclear arms proliferation . Past incidents at Chernobyl and Three Mile Island ( Bodansky , 2005 ) have left many in doubt about the technology .
Recently , , both North Korea and Iran have been told to step back on their plans of a nuclear power plant for fear that the same radioactive materials used for energy generation will be used in producing nuclear weapons .
Moreover , detractors have argued that the high temperature generated in nuclear reactors is not fully utilized and conventional non-nuclear energy generation methods have better performance in terms of thermal efficiency . Existing nuclear plants have thermal efficiency of approximately 33 % ( Olander , 2009 ) compared to 70 % and above for non-nuclear power plants .
Another objection is raised by the taxpayers . They are not convinced with the heavy investment of building a nuclear plant.TS A nuclear plant costs on average , a billion dollars and is designed with a lifespan of sixty years ( Butler , 2004 ) .
Acid rain had caused deforestation and affected fisheries . The damages amounted to millions per year .
The collision involved two Boeing 747s , KLM and Pan Am . KLM took off while Pan Am was still on the runway .
Many factors such as foggy weather contributed to the accident . However , , the most significant causes are considered to be the ambiguous phraseology in the comment " We are uh taking off " or " We are at takeoff " from KLM and the single channel radio which made the crucial readback for clearance lost in radio squelch ( Kilroy , n.d. ) .
Proponents may argue that with the input of psychology , the designers of the airport should have anticipated such possible dangers and imposed stricter laws to insist on proper phraseology and check for clearance should have been put into use .
For the technical part , the centerline lights were out of operation which prevented the two planes from seeing each other . The single channel radio made the response inaudible and there was no ground radar ( ALPA , n.d. ) .
Besides , the thick fog worsened the situation .
The adoption of psychology in design might have taken a few of the factors into consideration , but it was unlikely to have anticipated all and hence there would still be potential hazards .
To sum up , the use of psychology in design would not be very helpful in the special case of the Tenerife accident due to the human errors and accidental factors that were difficult to anticipate and prevent .
Scientists have put in a lot of effort into the development in nuclear energy which is one of the major modern energy resources .
It is one of the clean and renewable energy sources which can help us solve the emergent problems of energy shortage .
But from my point of view , I believe nuclear energy can bring much more benefits than those lost .
Compared with that , the number of coal mine accidents deaths is much llarger reaching 7530 per year .
So it is easier to guarantee the safety of nuclear power plants because if workers follow the regulations , no accidents will occur .
It is the real hazard .
It can keep the nuclear reactor operating under lower temperature and pressure .
From the above reasons , we can see that nuclear energy is not as dangerous as people expect . Contrarily , , it is one of the safest energy humans can use in modern society .
Secondly , as I mentioned above , scientists are trying to develop the lead-cooled fast reactor . However , , the enormous size of investment has prevented most countries from this kind of research .
Currently 442 nuclear power plants are working all over world , contributing about 19 percent of the world 's electricity supply .
Another case in point is America , " They produce much of the electricity that fuels our economic growth .
Statistics show that , in 1996 , nuclear power produced 674 billion kilowatt-hours of electricity , which was more than the total electricity consumed in the early 1950s ( Nuclear Energy & Society , n.d. ) .
Thus to sum up , nuclear power plants can produce electricity with higher efficiency and in larger amounts compared to fuel or coal burning electricity generating plants .
They can bring great economic benefit .
Lastly , the lack of technology to deal with the disposal of nuclear wastes which are radioactive and highly toxic is the last reason preventing countries from using nuclear energy .
Officers are afraid of terrorists who acquire a substantial amount of nuclear waste and could construct a so-called " dirty bomb " which may affect the country 's safety .
And if the government can reinforce the management of where the nuclear waste goes after using , people do not have to worry about the attack from terrorists .
In conclusion , nuclear energy is not dangerous to human beings so we should make full use of nuclear energy to benefit the whole of mankind .
However , none of these can be the ideal energy to us now due to the technological problems , economic concerns , or potential dangers .
There is no need to spend so much on nuclear energy development .
However , in terms of efficiency and economic value , nuclear energy has great advantages over both solar energy and wind force .
Besides this , in the process of nuclear reaction , a large amount of hydrogen can be generated for the use in petroleum refinement and also as new advanced fuel in transportation ( Vilim , 2007 ) .
It is said that for America , the energy demand of transport alone will cause increase of oil imports by 78 % by the end of 2025 if it does not switch its dependence on oil to hydrogen ( Butler , 2004 ) .
Though solar energy and wind force can also contribute to environment protection , nuclear energy indeed has its unique advantages which they can not rival .
But they will not expect that the meltdown proof in VHTR can cool itself down when accidents happen and minimize the interaction with human beings ( Butler , 2004 ) .
So , nuclear reactor would not be a desirable target for terrorists any more .
To sum up , the Generation reactors have made great improvements compared to the older generation ones in terms of both technology and safety features .
On one hand , nuclear energy has the advantage of high efficiency , non--greenhouse-gas emission and the by-product hydrogen , which is supposed to be another ideal energy .
The electric vehicle ( EV ) is not new on the road . In fact it has been on the road for more than a century .
However , there are safety issues on the newly developed technologies that the electric vehicle carries such as the volatile Lithium ion battery , massive battery weight problem , and the silent electric motor that might cause unnoticeable hazard to the pedestrians .
Despite all the safety issues , steps have been taken to enhance the safety of the EV .
In my opinion EV is safer than a conventional gasoline vehicle .
Although numerous articles claiming that EV is unsafe , there is evidence of improvements made to make EV safe to drive .
An anti-impact cage is added to shield the battery from being crushed .
In order to prevent over charging and discharging , advanced microchips will be used to monitor the batteries ' capacity .
With these improvements , Osamu Masuko , president of Mithubishi Motors says that gasoline is relatively far more dangerous than batteries .
The electric vehicle carries large and heavy battery packs to increase the mileage per charge .
These heavy batteries result in an EV being much heavier compared to an identical gasoline vehicle .
Other than that , in a crash test , the occupants of a lighter vehicle suffered from higher damage compared to a heavy vehicle ( insurance Institute for highway safety , 2009 ) .
In comparison , an accident involving a 1400 Kg vehicle will cause about 50 percent fewer injuries than a 900 Kg vehicle .
Recently , there have been debates on electric vehicles posing a hazard to pedestrians , especially to the blind or visually-impaired road users ( Nuckols , 2007 ) .
EV is propelled by an electric motor in which torque is produced by electromagnetic forces .
Tests have shown that the noise level that the EV produces while operating below 30 km/h is not noticeable for all types of road users .
Beyond that speed , more audible noise is formed by the air displaced by the body of the vehicle and friction on the .
Thus , the European Commission and the US Congress are taking the initiative to set up a minimum level of sound for the EV , and the Japanese may add noise to the quiet vehicle ( AFP , 2009 ) , so that the pedestrians and blind people are able to detect oncoming EV .
This shows that initiatives have been taken to make the electric car safe for the drivers and the pedestrians .
From all the weaknesses of the EV mentioned above , we can actually see that they are no longer a threat to the EV drivers or pedestrians .
EV batteries have been improved to prevent over-heating , controlled charging and discharging . The casing has been fortified to ensure the batteries are not seriously damaged after a car crash .
The weight problems were countered easily by properly aligning the batteries such that the weight will give more stability to the EV .
In conclusion , we can see that manufacturers have greatly improved the EV to a standard that EV is safer than the conventional gasoline vehicle .
Patients with cardiovascular disease usually suffer from heart failure , where the heart ceases to work , leading to a sudden heart attack .
A heart transplant was the only option to save these patients initially .
This proves to be very difficult , and the mortality rate of cardiovascular disease remains high .
Heartmate II is a battery operated electronic pump attached internally to a patient 's heart inside his or her chest cavity .
Battery life is one of the main concerns that needs to be addressed for the Heartmate II .
Essentially , what needs to be achieved is a compact and less bulky battery with a longerr life span .
Furthermore , changes could be made to enable the users to take a proper bath , instead of being restricted to just wiping themselves clean with a wet cloth .
Over the decades , the quality of life has improved tremendously in terms of technologies .
People are now living in a world filled with technology with every edge of the world powered by electricity .
However , the day when people use more electricity than they produce is approaching .
This forces people to resort to producing energy through nuclear reactors which have higher outputs .
Firstly , the public has always held the view that nuclear reactors are unsafe to use as they emit substances which are hazardous to people 's health and the environment .
As MSR has a liquid fuel , the reactor has the unique safety advantage that in the event of an accident , the fuel salt is dumped to critically safe , passively cooled storage tanks .
Moreover , molten salts are effectively incompressible . Consequently , a failure of a heat exchanger in the chemical plant will not pressurize the plant .
Also , the public is afraid that the nuclear reactor will be misused for development of nuclear weapons .
This does not concern MSR , as it is able to operate with non-weapon grade fissile fuel which gives no chance for people to misuse the research to develop nuclear weapons .
Secondly , it has always been a general perception of the public that the cost incurred to build a nuclear reactor is always huge .
This results in not much effort being taken to initiate a nuclear reactor project as they believe the project is not feasible .
Another related concern is the amount of cost incurred for the maintainence of the reactor .
However , MSR is known to be among the cheapest nuclear reactors .
Also , MSR will be using thorium as fuel as thorium is so abundant in the world as compared to current technologies which mostly use coal as fuel where coal is expected to last just for another 146years according to Energy Information Administration ( EIA ) .
These show that MSR is economical and should have cleared any doubts regarding further research on MSR as it is a feasible project in the long run as it makes use of resources which are abundant .
If funding is provided for research on MSR , there is no doubt that MSR can be fully utilised .
Although MSR generally generates less energy as compared to other nuclear reactors , the less space it requires can make up for it .
In conclusion , it is evident that MSR is worth the funding for the research given the attributes it possess .
If further research is done , there is no doubt that MSR will be able to improve its weakness in having higher output as well as further refine its strong points which are economyl and safety .
Due to its huge energy production and no emission of carbon dioxide , many nuclear power plants have been built .
People have been arguingg about the safety problems and the cost brought by these plants for a long time .
Despite the controversy , the nuclear power plants still find their way back onto the table .
During Generation IV International Forum , the concept of Very-high-temperature reactor ( VHTR ) was raised . It is more efficient than the previous ones .
Acoording to scientific measurement , the energy generated by per unit hydrogen is about 2.6 times greater than fossil fuel .
Some opponents will say that a large sum of money may be spent on the research and be pessimistic about the result .
What is more , we should look at the problem over the long term .
They all have dangerous .
Accoding to car crash states in America in 2005 , there were nearly 6,420,000 auto accidents and about 40,000 people were killed .
And because we know very clearly that it is dangerous , we devote very much effort to monitor the whole process in case accidents happen .
In conclusion , energy is the key to keeping our society and economic development sustainable .
Besides , the demand for the energy is soaring , a more efficient ways should be used to generate energy .
However , given the accidents of nuclear meltdown , people are worried about the safety issue of using nuclear power .
Experts have found a new generation of nuclear reactors which are safer and more effective than the old generation .
A good moderator is one that should not absorb too much energy when the neutrons bounce off nor absorb the neutrons before they split .
Graphite is a good one compared with the ordinary moderator which is water , since graphite is heat resistant .
So , using graphite increases the efficiency of the usage of uranium and reduces the loss of energy .
people still wonder if safety is guaranteed after the accident related to the VHTR basic design which has a potential to cause the destruction of the reactor core ( Takeda , 2001 ) .
First is the choice of the coolant .
Therefore with this design , the risk could be lowered .
In addition , new computational methods can be used for simulating air ingress in the VHTR to help prevent the accident ( Kim , 2009 ) .
Apart from safety issues , in order to implement the very high temperature reactor , people also worry about the economic factor .
Obviously it is more expensive to build a nuclear plant , but , after the start-up , the operating cost is cheaper because of high-efficiency , lower-cost high-temperature reactor for electricity and hydrogen production .
The Federal Energy Regulatory Commission reported that the overall operating costs for nuclear power plants is roughly the same as the recent coal-fired plants and below the costs of operating most gas-fired generation units ( Forsberg , Peterson , Zhao , 2006 ) .
Besides , a technoeconomic optimization method has been developed and can be applied to the power conversion system of a very high temperature reactor , taking both investment costs and operating costs into account ( Mansilla , 2008 ) Due to concerns over the energy resource availability , climate change , air quality , and energy security issue , nuclear power may take an important role in future .
The very high temperature reactor , being one of the possible systems of new generation power which aims to achieve improvements in economic competitiveness , nuclear safety , is promising to be implemented in the future .
Under these circumstance , scientists have come up with very high temperature reactor ( VHTR ) to make use of energy in a safer and more efficient way .
People wonder if there exists a suitable material to build this reactor .
They are concerned about the probability of radioactivity leaking .
Firstly , people wonder whether scientists can find a suitable material that can withstand such high temperature , more than 1000 , compared to that of the current nuclear reactor which is less 330 .
It is true that there is a huge jump between these two levels , but that does not necessarily mean it is impossible .
Secondly , some people are concerned about leakage of radioactivity after a period of running although the reactor maybe good enough to hold all radioactivity inside at the beginning .
That is why engineers have set the timeline to replace some certain parts of the reactor that may not be safe after some years .
The other common aspect that may have some influence in the safety area is the reaction between coolant and the crust of the reactor which may directly results in radioactive leakage and even explosions .
With rapid industrialisation , the energy requirements of the world are increasing exponentially.It has increased to a point where the conventional sources of energy are no longer able to meet the demands . There is also the problem of pollution which is becoming graver everyday and threatens to eradicate life altogether on this planet .
The VHTR can not only supply heat to a broad range of high temperature and energy intensive processes but also produce electricity to meet the modern demands.Also in the end , hydrogen is produced , which clearly is a huge benefit as the energy required to produce pure hydrogen is really tremendous .
Helium is an inert gas . Hence exposing it to radiation does not make it radioactive , thus averting a major health hazard.Because of helium being used as the coolant very high temperatures such as 1000C are possible , thus increasing its efficiency manifold .
In fact , the refuelling in this type of reactor can be achieved when it is still running.It is so highly efficient that a single pebble can last upto three years .
With the green house effect threatening to cause severe climatic changes , it is really wise to switch from burning fossil fuels to nuclear fuel.Research still proceeds everyday in perfecting this . Maybe several years from now there will be an even more efficient way to tap the nuclear energy .
However , there have been strongly differing views .
This new generation nuclear plant has been designed to deal with imminent concerns so as to prepare us for the nuclear power era .
Spherical fuel elements are termed as 'pebbles' .
These pebbles are coated with multiple layers of hard ceramic which results in the pebbles being extremely heat resistant .
The half-lives of these nuclear wastes will be shortened to just a few decades instead of the few millennia with the existing technology .
With future technological breakthroughs , nuclear waste disposal will no longer be a concern .
Lastly , the public is concerned about the high price related to the production of nuclear energy .
The most defining issue regarding robots is safety .
In the case of robotic surgery , a breakdown in the middle of an operation can be disastrous .
This allows the surgeon in charge to be able to continue with the surgery conventionally .
This signifies a massive improvement in recovery time and less pain endured by patients ( Young , 2007 ) .
Also , as machines can be sterilized more effectively than humans , there is a lower chance of them being contaminated by external factors , which means less chance of the patient being infected .
robots for surgery is still in a developing stage .
As the consequence of the decreasing source of oil , people have turned to find other sources to replace petroleum .
Nuclear energy is defined as the energy coming from the nucleus of atoms due to the " nuclear fission , nuclear fusion , or radioactive decay " CITATION The05 \ l 2052 ( The American Heritage Science Dictionary , 2005 ) .
.
However , some accidents , like the reactor core exploding and 31 people dying in 1986 , scared many people ( Butler , 2004 ) .
Nevertheless , the new generation of reactor would make the process more efficient by using higher temperature , and there will be no waste to the outside world .
In this essay I will talk about VHTR concept through three aspects : safety , economic problems , and technology requirement to support my stance .
First of all , people who do not support the development of nuclear power are worried about the safety during its processing .
The Chernobyl accident gave people a big shock .
However , I think that people should not judge things by their own view .
For example , even though the accident rate of trains is much higher than that of airplanes , many people are still afraid of travelling by air .
However , the " inherent safety features of the fuel and reactor " make VHTR more reliable CITATION SMM03 \ l 2052 ( Modro , 2003 ) .
In short , VHTR has good safety conttrol .
Secondly , some people may think that nuclear reactors will require a lot of money to build and need high technology equipment .
The VHTR will require large amounts of money to be spent on special materials that can provide high temperature and high pressure .
However , in the long run , nuclear factories will produce more profit than other reactor concepts .
Second , the high efficiency up to 50 % , which is the highest among six generation IV reactor concepts , will bring a lot of profit to the factory .
Last but not least , VHTR will not only produce electricity but also hydrogen .
Therefore , we can get a lot of benefits through VHTR .
Besides the safety and economic issues , some people are worried about the performance of nucleus reactors .
Considering the large economic benefit VHTR can bring , governments tend to put it as top priority .
In conclusion , VHTR has a high-efficiency system that can produce electricity and hydrogen , and it has a high rank of safety .
Looking into every single opportunity to decrease the greenhouse gases emittedg into the atmosphere , we realise energy sources may be one of the emphatic points to be revised .
Many of the energy producing sources produce inadmissible air pollutants and greenhouse gases which are very harmful to the environment .
Nuclear power is one of the alternative energy sources that is being considered to arbitrate these problems due to its efficiencies and environmental friendly processes .
Nuclear reactors haven been mistaken for a time bomb waiting to explode anytime because of the tremendous pressure contained inside .
On the contrary , a bomb is a compact object so the neutrons need not travel far to hit another fissionable atom which is what makes it so powerful .
This is a fact based on the fundamentals of physics on how fast fission neutrons travel .
It has been a strain to convince the public to allow nuclear reactors as they involve large amounts of radioactivity .
Accidents that have happened and serve as evidence of the dangers involving nuclear reactors .
( John , 1995 ) Furthermore , lead-cooled fast reactor will be much safer compared to the conventional plants with better and more comprehensive safety features .
( 2004 ) , not only are low to moderate doses of ionizing radiation not harmful , they stimulate the immune system and check oxidation of DNA through a process known as " radiation hormesis " , preventing cancer too .
people may expect design flaws in the plants and calculated the maintenance to incur more costs in a long run .
Nevertheless , nuclear power now is substantially cheaper and it is expected to be even lower in the near future through further research and development .
They are claimed to be " safer " energy sources as the probability accidents are deemed to be lower .
Having the need of finding the strategic locations and producing energy only at certain time of the year , they are not preferred in reality .
For instance , compared to the 19 percent of the toal energy the nuclear reactors in US produced , solar panels and wind turbines contributed only 0.1 percent .
Engineers do face a tremendous pressure every time an engineering accident occurs .
As it is reported in Nuclear Science and Engineering ( 1987 ) , the primary causes of the Chernobyl Nuclear Reactor Plant Explosion were recorded as follows :
Therefore , it is natural for ordinary people who witnessed those tragedies to put all the blame on the engineers
Though engineers have been compelled to be the target of public criticism for a long time , few psychologists really decided to conduct a comprehensive study on human factors to reveal the truth .
Actually , the way to prevent engineering accidents should be innovated by taking psychology into consideration instead of expecting engineers to be perfect .
Normally , the public criticises engineers for their carelessness and strongly suggest raising engineers ' level of responsibility .
Actually , nowadays the rapidly-developing technology and resultant economic effect over-focus on the improvement of the equipment and machines , which strictly requires human 's adaptation .
From a psychologist 's ' point of view , the engineers have to take on more pressure which finally causes all sorts of negative impact on them and certainly does nothing effective to their daily work .
Moreover , in many countries , the governments usually do not pay enough attention to engineers except when one must come out to bear/ face the consequences .
This is unfair to engineers , the most important founders of the modern world .
Therefore , psychologists can play an irreplaceable role in designing workplaces by analyzing the structure of users ' physical and mental systems so as to guarantee that workers can perform in a good condition from start to finish .
Relieving fatigue and restoring vitality should be the best way for engineers to prevent accidents .
Third , the public criticism of engineers needs to be more objective when referring to the theory of possibility .
Just as B.Wilpert has illustrated in Psychology and design processes , engineers are human and it is possible for human to make mistakes , in other words , engineers need more understanding from society .
Theoretically speaking , everything must eventually fail to perform its given function .
That is why accidents are called " accidents " and that is why humans are " human " not " god " .
Excessively high expectations should not be placed on engineers . After all , engineers are also ordinary people and have human limitations as well .
As humans , they need to relax , they need to work in sound conditions and they also need the understanding and recognition of the society as well .
From the development and achievements of this subject in the not-too-distant future , the choice for a better design and the way to prevent accidents can be directly obtained .
However , these problems can be solved and the VHTR will benefit society a lot .
First , opponents claim that the VHTR requires materials to reach a high standard and currently there is no suitable candidate .
Secondly , skeptics argue that there is a potential safety hazard .
It is to assume that people are concerned a lot about safety since the Chernobyl accident and Three Mile Island accident happened .
Thus , although the initial construction expense is high , more profit can be achieved later .
In conclusion , obstacles like lack of materials , safety problems and high construction cost can all be overcome .
The VHTR is a safe and profitable nuclear reactor with excellent prospects .
For decades surgery was performed by human force only , which is limited by the size of surgery tools , and causes complicated procedures .
In 1985 , the emergence of a prototype " PUMA 560 " pointed a new way to do surgery , and that is robotic surgery .
Today 's robotic surgery machines are usually equipped with 3D cameras , recording body images more clearly , and enabling more precise operation .
However , controversies over robotic surgery have also raised concerns about safety , high cost and performance .
Opponents of robotic surgery maintain that this surgery is highly dangerous . , Incorrect design and fault of its running program can result in disastrous consequences .
Actually , safety issues are also the major factor for scientists doing research on robotic surgery to consider , since any tiny mistake means a life at risk .
Before a robotic surgery machine is put into use , strict inspection will be done on it to ensure safety .
On the other hand , the outcomes of robotic surgery also reveal that it is a safe surgery method .
In America , with the approval of FDA ( Food and Drug Administration ) Intuitive Surgical ( Mountain View , CA ) has studied the use of its robotic surgery system on 113 patients , and then compared it with those of 132 patients who underwent conventional surgery .
Results showed that robotic surgery was comparable to conventional one in safety and effectiveness , according to FDA .
In addition , training surgeons to operate the equipment is also a large expenditure .
As robotic surgery gains acceptance , increased production of such machines will reduce the cost .
So when an unknown situation happens robots can not cope with it .
In fact , the current robotic surgery system serves to assist in surgery .
The main role is still a human surgeon who will make judgment , and the robot itself can not do anything without human instructions .
Continuous advances in technology on one had will bring down the possibility of error occurring , and the other hand allow the machine to shut down safely if any emergency happens .
The combination of the two will also bring modern surgery up to a new level .
According to surgeons , patients ' feedback on robotic surgery have been very positive ( Tracy , 2001 ) .
The safe disposal of nuclear waste cost $ 1 billion and took more than 10 years to complete .
There are obvious problems for power : accidents , nuclear waste , high expenditure of research and building , and the threat of nuclear weapons . But Supercritical-Water-Cooled Reactors ( Generation IV ) raise people 's hopes for the new process of the nuclear industry and the public should be justified in extending activities for the research into Supercritical-Water-Cooled Reactors ( SCWRs ) because of its efficiency , cleanness and developed technology .
( WASHINGTON , August 27 , 2007 ) More importantly , compared with 33 % efficiency for current Light water reactors , the high thermal efficiency ( about 45 % ) and considerable plant simplification makes SCWRs a promising advanced nuclear system .
The Nuclear power Advantage ) Loss of life expectancy ( LLE ) due to various risks in U.S. shows that compared with cancer 980 LLE ( days ) and heart disease with 2300 LLE ( days ) , danger is much safer and ranks the last with 0.04 LLE ( days ) .
No carbon dioxide emission and no contribution to acid rain or global warming , makes nuclear energy fully deserving of energy support .
Since wind and sunlight are free with zero-waste , it seems better to focus on the development of these green sources .
Nevertheless we can not neglect the fact that wind or solar power might not always be available. .
Contrary to the opposition to nuclear power , which is not convincing , nuclear power has advantages in many areas .
Independent from the weather and a more proven technique , the promising Generation IV reactor , SCWRs enable nuclear power as the most promising energy source .
Nuclear power generation emits relatively low amounts of carbon dioxide and its contribution to global warming is therefore relatively smaller .
Thus , nuclear power generation is definitely one of the solutions to the energy challenge that mankind is facing now .
According to European Nuclear Society ( 2009 ) , at the end of September , 2009 there were 436 nuclear reactors in operation in 31 countries all over the world to provide a net output of 370,221 MW , supplying an important part of the world 's total energy consumption .
The U.S. alone obtains 20 percent of its energy from nuclear power.To date , we have come up with 6 concepts for the Generation-IV reactors , which mean to produce more reliable energy at lower cost and risk .
The fuel is in the form of small pebbles with uranium dioxide ( UO2 ) inside and a graphite coating .
" Even after decommissioning , the VHTR can still discharge surplus heat and does not need additional safety systems like other types of reactors " .
But this is no problem because of the nature of the VHTR.Running at very high temperatures of about 700-900 ° C , the VHTR can supply energy to split water into oxygen and hydrogen , providing hydrogen for the nation 's industry .
This shows great advantage over the conventional reactors which possess burn-up levels of around 5 % .
Therefore , the initial investmentt to build the reactor can be controlled at an acceptable level ,
It can perform high efficiency with an acceptable initial investment and construction period .
In 1979 , there was the partial reactor meltdown at Three Mile Island , Pennsylvania ; in 1986 , the tragedy occurred at Chernobyl , Ukraine . In this case , , the core of the reactor exploded , 31 people were killed on the spot and radioactive debris spouted and spread over Europe ( NATURE , VOL429 , 2004 ) . Opponents of nuclear reactors being built claim that it is very dangerous for nuclear reactors ' operation .
These studies include dynamic behavior when working normally as well as accidents which happened the moment when machines and certain components are functioning .
Through these , engineers can predict the impact of a possible defect in current and faraway situations ; study about the Leak Before Break ( LBB ) technology ; make model for Vessel Cooling System ( VCS ) ; analyse of the moment when the accident happened ; explore safety aspects of the ways to combine the reactor to the hydrogen production plant .
Hopefully , through the realization of these studies , the danger of nuclear reactors ' operation will be reduced .
However , the new generation of nuclear reactor , VHTR , has improved the efficiency , which means reduced cost of operation .
The study ( R.B.Vilim , 2007 ) shows that using the Gas Plant Analyzer and System Simulator/Hydrogen ( Gas-Pass/H ) code , the requests of the heat at the interface between a High Temperature Steam Electrolysis ( HTSE ) plant combined with the Very High Temperature Reactor ( VHTR ) have been investigated .
Moreover , compared to the increasingly expensive fossil fuels , it is reasonable to use nuclear energy .
Nevertheless , according to Idaho National Laboratory 's study ( 2009 ) , the VHTR system should be highly-efficient .
During different processes , the heat can be re-circulated .
To make the system perform better , electricity generating equipment may be added in .
Therefore , the VHTR provides a number of processes to use the heat and produce electricity efficiently .
Furthermore , compared to other energy resources like gasoline and natural gas , which produces greenhouse gases , nuclear energy is much more environmental friendly .
Last but not least , the theories and technologies of Very-High-Temperature Reactor are quite mature already . It is feasible to make it come true .
From the above , on the one hand , the worries of opponents of nuclear reactors being built all can be solved by scientists and engineers ; on the other hand , energy needs of the society and the development of the related technologies have made it possible for VHTR to come true .
The Chernobyl accident happened on April 26 , 1986 .
The accident caused a total of 56 fatalities as of 2004 , and some seven million Chernobyl victims suffering from the impact of Chernobyl accident ( World Nuclear Association , 2009 ) .
Design is a human activity , and humans may make mistakes .
In The Truth about Chernobyl , the author , Medvedev ( 1991 ) , notes that one of the reasons which caused Chernobyl accident is the inadequate operators with insufficient knowledge operating the reactor inappropriately .
In the design process , designers should consider the user of devices , components or systems under development , which includes people who maintain and repair the product as well as who operates it ( Ertas & Jones , 1996 ) .
The designers were aware of the defects of the reactors , however , they did not make efforts to correct them .
If the designers knew the severe consequence of the accident , they would have tried their best to prevent it .
In conclusion , Chernobyl is the result of flawed design of reactor and inappropriate operation by inadequate operators .
Nowadays , developed countries and developing countries have invested huge funds to develop nuclear power as nuclear energy is regarded to be the potential energy source for the future ( Butler , 2004 ) .
They will help reduce carbon dioxide and subsequently reduce the effect of global warming ( Jacques & Ralph , 2008 ) .
" The statistics have shown that the success of development of Generation IV reactors will bring a great improvement to the living environment for human beings in the future .
In the long term , funds should be given to support the development of Generation IV reactors at current stage .
The success seems to be too far away for the public to feel .
Scientists and researchers should be given financial support to overcome difficulties they face during research rather than give up half way .
Safety is one of the most priorities of Generation IV International Forum ( GIF ) .
Safety issues will be handled with extreme care by all GIF member counties .
Even though the fund is limited and by allocating funds for Generation IV reactors , we have to forgo other possible benefits such as spending the same amount of money to solve poverty or terrorism . I support to explore new and advanced technology , Generation IV reactors , to solve environmental and energy problems .
Current reactors in use around the world are considered 2nd or 3rd generation systems , with the 1st generation systems having been retired a long time ago .
TheSupercritical water reactor ( SCWR ) is one of the generation IV reactors . The concept is that uses { supercritical water } [ HYPERLINK : http : //en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Supercritical_fluid ] as the working fluid .
Supercritical water-cooled reactors ( SCWRS ) are the most advanced nuclear systems . They can generate high thermal efficiency .
( Nuclear power plants , 2009 ) .The proliferation of the new nuclear technology is causing considerable controversy and concern . Opponents say that nuclear reactors may be a serious threat to the world populace as well as the environment .
However , there are two sides to the coin , in my point of view , the generation IV Supercritical water-cooled reactor is worth building in the near future by analysing the pros and cons .
Opponents are apprehensive about the hazards of nuclear reactors .
There are few nuclear reactors which have been built in the past decades in many countries .
They cite examples of the nuclear devastations in Chernobyl and the atomic bomb at Hiroshima and Nagasaki in 1945 .
( The Bombing of Hiroshima and Nagasaki , 2008 ) .These areas are still adversely affected by radioactive contamination , which is fatal to flora and fauna , after decades. .
The meltdowns at Three Mile Island ( TMI ) in Pennsylvania and Chernobyl accident in 1986 both were caused by design errors ; it was not really the nuclear reactors ' fault .
( Backgrounder on the Three Mile Island , 2009 ) If the governments reject developing the nuclear technology due to these accidents from human error , that is not a valid reason .
Everything has its disadvantages , even for the new alternative energy , such as wind power , hydro power , and tidal power . They have their own drawbacks . The hazards could be avoided if operated in a proper way , so in my opinion , theSupercritical water reactor ( SCWR )
Furthermore , opponents reckon that countries that embarked upon constructive use of nuclear technology tend to also develop nuclear weapons . Therefore , opponents fear that nations like Iran and North Korea will also procure weapons of mass destruction ( WMD ) .
For instance , North Korea performed their missile test a few months ago to threaten South Korea and other countries .
However , that is the bad way of using of nuclear technology . The nuclear reactor can be used to develop cutting-edge medical technology , for instance , in cancer treatment , gamma camera , radiation therapy and so on .
TheSupercritical water reactor ( SCWR )
Finally , opponents also claim that a nuclear reactor should not be built due to its high cost .
If the government spends so much money on building the nuclear plant , it will cut costs on education and health , and even raise taxes .
But they ignore the enormous benefits of nuclear power There is one proverb saying " No pain , no gain .
" In the near future , it is viewed that the world 's energy consumption will be heavily reliant on nuclear power .
The SCWR design is simpler than current designs . The nuclear reaction releases a lot of heat which can used to convert water into steam .
To be environmentally friendly , build theSupercritical water ( SCWR ) . It may may be costly in the short term , but will procure significant benefits in the long run .
The government can not stop theSupercritical water reactor ( SCWR )
People have always been concerned about the development of nuclear energy .
Therefore , the use of VHTR is safe and we can believe in the further development of such GenIV nuclear reactor concepts .
Secondly , global warming is what we are concerned about .
In addition , these sources of power are being used up and we should find alternative sources of power .
However , there are lots of positive features that we can count .
Finally , the energy power concept like VHTR helps prevent the effects of global warming .
It is safe and efficient , so therefore it can produce a lot of energy and is able to replace traditional sources of energy .
Hence , only a few countries have built nuclear reactors to produce electricity .
But now , scientists have developed six new types of nuclear reactors called Nuclear Reactor Generation IV which are said to be safer than previous generations .
Although GFR produces fuel waste that contains plutonium , it reprocesses its fuel waste such that the amount of waste produced can be cut by about 96 percent ( " Fuel Cycles " , page 33 , table 4.3 ) .
For comparison , VHTR can not reprocess its fuel waste , and because of that , the amount of fuel waste that it produces is getting bigger and bigger as the electricity demand increases ( Rohrer , 2007 ) .
Different from VHTR , which can work on 1000 degrees Celsius , GFR can work only on 850 degrees Celsius .
They say GFR produces less energy than VHTR. .
One more important information is thatt there is no need for GFR to be manually moderated because GFR has already used Thorium which can absorb fast neutrons and decay into Uranium-233 ( " Gas-cooled Fast Reactor " ) .
This makes GFR cheaper to maintain and safer than VHTR which needs to be checked every time in order to make it operate safely .
It is also more efficient than other reactors , because it can produce the same energy as VHTR at just 850 degrees
Since then , Nuclear power was often seen as the best alternative energy source as it has no carbon emission and can theoretically produce an unlimited amount of energy since nuclear fuel is inexpensive and abundant on earth .
This stigma against nuclear power has led people such as the general public and environmentalists to favor other alternative energies namely wind energy and solar energy , as they are deemed as better choices .
However , many of these arguments are based on short run expenditure that one would face when building a nuclear power plant .
In the long run , after considering the higher capital cost , financing costs and operating costs of a nuclear reactor , a nuclear reactor would still produce much cheaper electricity when compared with other alternative energy sources such as wind energy .
This is because the Chernobyl accident caused many direct fatalities in the explosion and future fatalities due to the effects of nuclear radiation .
Besides reactor accidents , nuclear reactors may also be easy targets for terrorism as many nuclear reactors appear to be vulnerable to any form of terrorist attacks .
In addition , nuclear wastes are dangerous as well as they contain high levels of radiation and can be used for weapons of mass destruction as tons of plutonium nuclear waste are produced by nuclear reactors each year and are often recycled to make nuclear weapons .
On the other hand , since the Chernobyl accident 23 years ago , there has not been any other major nuclear power plant accident .
Moreover , Generation IV nuclear reactions , such as the sodium-cooled fast reactors , excel in many safety aspects such as having the ability to withstand up to a magnitude of 8.2 on the Richter scale and to shut down safely if any accidents were to happen ( Nuclear Power Plants , 2009 ) .
These new reactors are also more reliable and resistant against proliferation , and are able to use their fuel more efficiently , thus producing less plutonium waste ( Generation IV , 2009 ) .
With the technological advancement in nuclear power in mind , nuclear accidents and disasters would be a thing in the past as nuclear power plants will become safer in their operations .
Environmentalists would often suggest the use of alternative energy such as wind , hydroelectric , thermal and solar energies as these energies are known to have little emissions of any kind of pollutants .
These environmentalists would thus believe that nuclear power 's benefits to the environment are insignificant ( Nuclear power undermining , 2008 ) .. On the contrary , these beliefs are often biased against nuclear power .
In conclusion , more research and development of Generation IV nuclear power plant should be done as the many benefits of nuclear power clearly outweigh the disadvantages in many important factors such as cost efficiency , safety issues and environmental friendliness .
Generation IV nuclear reactor will allow mankind to fully realize the potential of nuclear power , thus encouraging further development on nuclear technology .
As a result of fewer fossil fuel supplies left to be extracted , oil companies will either search for smaller oil fields that will inevitably increase the cost of production of oil or look for unconventional sources of oil such as tar sands that will increase the level of carbon dioxide emission and pollution ( World Oil , National Geographic , June 2008 ) .The increasing demand for oil and the rising level of carbon dioxide emission , which contributes to global warming , have prompted the energy market to search for alternative energy sources .
The public is very concerned about the safety of nuclear power plants , the storage of radioactive waste and the cost it has to pay for nuclear power .
In contrast to public opinion on the adverse effect of building a nuclear power plant , the latest generation IV reactor , Very-High-temperature reactor ( VHTR ) , is designed to overcome these problems faced by the public .
The public is very concerned about the safety of nuclear power plants and fears that any factors that trigger the explosion of a nuclear reactor will have devastating impact on the people living in the region .
Ever since the partial reactor meltdown at Three Mile Island in 1979 and the Chernobyl nuclear accident in 1986 , the public feared that any similar incidents would have grave consequences to the people living around nuclear power plants .
All these measures are implemented to meet the safety expectation of the operation of nuclear power plants .
Any successful terror attacks on these nuclear plants will have disastrous health and psychological impact on surviving victims .
These measures comprise regular 'force-on-force ' exercises to test the plant 's ability to react to attacks made on it , vehicle inspection at greater safety distance away from the plant , improved communication among different government organizations and stricter access to restricted sites ( Source : NRC , February 2005 ) .
Other measures include bullet-proof barriers in important areas , intruding detecting devices , detection zones that are illuminated , well equipped and trained security personnel on daily duty and protection against intrusion of network by outsiders ( Nuclear Energy Institute ( NEI ) , July 2009 ) .
The purpose of these stepped up security measures is to deter any potential terrorist attacks on nuclear power plants and to have a contingency plan in the event of any attacks .
Another reason why the public and environmentalists oppose the building of nuclear power plants is that the radioactive waste produced by nuclear power plants will remain radioactive for hundred over years .
When radioactive waste is not properly stored in location that is of safe distance away from people , the people may be exposed to harmful radiation resulting in serious health effects .
The public does not need to worry about the large amount of radioactive waste produced by VHTR because VTHR spent fuel is contained in a repository that is very resistant to leaching of radioactive materials .
The public is worried that nuclear power tends to have higher operating and maintenance costs which will result in them paying a higher price than that of coal and gas power plants .
According to the World Nuclear Association , the price of nuclear power is actually competitive with other types of power plants .
For instance in 2007 , the cost of electricity generated by a nuclear plant is about 2.87cents per kilo-watt hour in comparison with 17.8 cents per kilo-watt hour in the case of oil power plant in the United States .
The cost of nuclear fuel is as low as 0.5 cents per kilo-watt hour which is one quarter of that of a gas power plant .
As compared to conventional nuclear power plants , there is greater efficiency in generating electricity because VHTR can produce fifty percent more electricity output using the same amount of fuel ( The Economics of Nuclear Power by World Nuclear Association , July 2009 ) .
The process heat can be provided by VHTR to support other industrial activities such as refining and manufacturing of fertilizers and plastics .
Therefore , the high operation cost of VTHR can be offset by extra revenue earned from these services ( Idaho National Laboratory , 2009 ) .
As the future of oil prices continues to rise due to the scarcity of supply and increase in demand by emerging economies , this will inevitably lead to a more competitive price of nuclear power .
However , with the designing of generation IV reactors such as VHTR , the problems of radioactive waste disposal and the high cost of electricity generated by nuclear power plant will be solved .
Moreover , there are many safety measures implemented to minimize potential dangers of operating VHTR .
With the increase in global population , the demand for energy is increasing .
According to the International Energy Agency ( January 2009 ) , worldwide energy consumption on average will increase 2 % per annum and will double by the next 35 years .
With the fuel prices soaring up , fossil fuel reserves dwindling and increased pressure to tackle climate change and global warming , nuclear energy is back in the agenda of many countries .
In 2001 , amidst increasing debates about nuclear energy , the ten founding nations of Generation IV International Forum also known as GIF decided to work together , collaborating on research activities in the field of nuclear energy ( Butler D , 2004 ) .
These collaborative efforts resulted in building up six possible nuclear reactor concepts known as the generation IV reactors . However these concepts at that time were still untested and would require years of further extensive research before they could be used in the industry .
Although six possible concepts were developed I personally believe that the molten salt fast reactor concept is the best solution amongst the six .
Nuclear energy is produced by splitting the nuclei of uranium atoms which in turn produce a large amount of energy that is used to drive turbines which produce electricity .
This procedure is extremely efficient so much so that one pound of uranium produces 20,000 times more energy compared to one pound coal .
However , according the World Energy Council there are only 442 nuclear reactors to date and currently they provide only 11 % to 18 % ( March , 2008 ) of the world electricity requirements .
After the Chernobyl accident in 1986 and Three Miles accident in 1979 ( Think quest , May 2007 ) many people fear the word " nuclear energy " , but if we consider the number of accidents since the commencement of operations of the world 's first nuclear power plant in the year 1954 ( Think quest , May 2007 ) , it is only a handful .
Also , the technology used in the production of nuclear energy has significantly improved in the past few decades and safety factors are analyzed thoroughly when a nuclear plant is designed following the Three Miles Island and Chernobyl accidents .
We should also not forget that accidents do happen in other energy related industries . For example , statistics show that there is one accident taking place in a coal mine somewhere around the world every week ( Mining Industry Today , August 2008 ) .
In contrast to other accidents , nuclear accidents are given more media coverage sparking public disapproval .
The primary cause of many nuclear accidents is overheating of water which is used as the coolant in nuclear fission reactions .
As a result of such overheating under high pressure an immense amount of steam is produced if uncontrolled . This causes the system to explode .
However , in molten salt reactors also known as MSRs fluoride salts are used instead of water as the coolant .
Fluoride salts has boiling temperatures over 1300o Celsius which is about 13 times higher than the boiling temperature of water and they are not flammable ( Forsberg CW , 2007 ) .
This further increases the probability of possible accidents . However , MSRs operate at much lower pressure levels and with Min a relatively low temperature range of 750 o C to 800 o C. ( World nuclear Association , August 2009 ) .
Thus these enhanced features of MSRs further reduce any possibility of any nuclear reactor-based accidents .
One such example is the mixed oxide fuel process ( commonly known as MOX ) used in France where Plutonium is converted to a form stored under very high temperature so that it can not be used to produce nuclear weaponry . Moreover , more than 90 % of the energy in spent fuel can be reprocessed and reused leaving only about 3 to 4 percent as net waste ( Ling K , The New York Times , May 2009 ) .
Furthermore , MSRs being closed fuel cycle nuclear reactors ( World nuclear Association , August 2009 ) reprocessing takes place minimizing nuclear waste .
In addition nuclear waste produced by MSRs is not soluble in water thus reducing chances of possible contamination .
Thus , through advanced research the cost of nuclear waste management can be reduced and the MSR technology can be enhanced to further minimize the harmful effects and to avoid nuclear waste proliferation .
Another challenge faced by the nuclear energy industry against other alternatives of energy is that building of nuclear power plants is very costly and time consuming .
Most nuclear reactors involve the use of the fast breeder technique but the MSRs use a technology known as slow breeder or thorium fuel cycle breeder which has been proven to be less expensive ( Forsberg CW , 2007 ) .
Besides , the operation costs involved in maintaining high temperature and pressure within nuclear reactors during nuclear fission is notably low in MSRs since they operate at a much lower temperature and pressure .
Also the concepts behind the MSRs are not completely New . Several have been already constructed with simple validated designs , thus this will reduce the time required in designing larger nuclear reactors ( Forsberg CW , 2007 ) .
Another important advantage of MSRs is that they can be built in a small scale first and can then be expanded gradually , so the plants could be easily built with several small reactors and from the income they can carry out expansions ( Forsberg CW , 2007 ) .
This further reduces cost and additional financial burden arising from interest expenses .
Therefore , MSRs are highly cost effective and efficient .
Compared to hydro or solar power , nuclear energy does not change the ecology of a certain environment .
Unlike wind turbines , nuclear energy does not require specific environmental conditions and compared to fossil fuels , they do not produce green house gases , However , the future of nuclear energy depends on further research where these generation IV reactors have to be tested , constructed and operated in such a way that they can provide competitive prices while maximizing the usage of natural resources and enhancing nuclear safety .
They also need to address the fears of the public so that people are more aware of the advantages of nuclear energy .
In conclusion , all earlier mentioned objectives can not be achieved without necessary funding .
In an era where global warming is a burning issue , when the effects of extreme climate change are already evident , nuclear energy may be the ultimate solution to greener energy alternative , thus it is indeed time for us to move forward by challenging our fears and supporting funding for research based on nuclear reactors .
Nuclear power -- an evolutionary discovery that is capable of replacing conventional thermal power stations for decades or even centuries .
Nuclear power makes use of a common element on Earth , which is uranium .
The atoms of uranium are shot against each other , processing an incredible amount of gamma radiation and heat .
Nuclear power plants have been around for decades and according to Brain and Lamb ( 2007 ) , 430 operating nuclear plants have been providing power to the world as of July 2008 .
Nuclear plants have come a long way since the early days and the world has witnessed two major accidents , the Chernobyl and Three Mile Island Incident .
According to Butler ( 2004 ) , Generation IV nuclear reactors comprise of six different types of reactors , Gas-cooled fast reactors , Lead-cooled fast reactors , Sodium-cool fast reactors , Supercritical-water-cooled reactors , Very-high-temperature reactors and lastly Molten salt reactors which will be discussed in this article .
Generation IV nuclear reactors including the Molten salt reactors are designed to be safer and preven similar incidents such as the Chernobyl and Three Mile Island from happening again .
Molten-Salt-Reactor technology as one of the six Generation IV nuclear reactors is designed with these factors in mind -- safe , environmentally friendly and cheap in their use of electricity . However , with all the different concerns involved , this might not be the case .
In addition , MSRs use liquid fuel as compared to the other reactors that use solid fuel .
MSRs are high temperature reactors , depending on the choice of salt ; it could range from 320 to 500 degrees Celsius .
In addition , the close helium or nitrogen Brayton power cycles are adopted thus allowing the high temperature generated by the MSRs to be efficiently used .
MSRs handle the situation by having excellent safety measures to handle emergencies .
When the situation calls for it , there is a drainage system to cool the critical safe dump tanks using the liquid fuel .
Firstly , despite the safety of MSRs , one can never forget the devastating Chernobyl incident in April 1986 .
Approximately 200,000 people were involved in the clean up from the accident and these people were exposed to high radiation .
More people were then evacuated from their homes as the radiation spread widely and rapidly .
Currently there are people around the world who are still suffering from the after effects of such an accident , living in pain where some develop cancer from the exposure to radiation .
Even with the new safety precautions which promise excellent safety measures and technology , no one can guarantee that such accidents would not cause more people to suffer .
For example , the Titanic , the largest ship built then , and was equipped with the most advanced technology and safety measures at the time .
A collision with an iceberg during her maiden voyage still sent the enormous ship deep down onto the sea bed .
Secondly , nuclear plants are said to be environmentally friendly due to the fact that they do not produce Carbon Dioxide .
As a result , it helps reduce the greenhouse effect .
On the other hand , the wastes produced by nuclear plants are highly radioactive and can not be easily disposed .
During transportation , there might be leakage from containers , and the effects of burying the waste underground are yet to be confirmed till years to come .
In addition , these waste disposal process might become an open target to terrorists who are constantly keen on destruction .
Lastly , nuclear power might be more cost effective as compared to the conventional thermal power stations . However the cost of constructing the plant is significantly higher , as well as the operational and waste disposal costs .
The construction cost involves research on the material so as to contain radiation in the event of a nuclear meltdown .
Labor costs include labor from various departments in the nuclear plant .
These include maintenance , health , engineering and headquarters .
Thirdly , engineering consists of electrical , chemical , computer , radiological , nuclear and mechanical aspects .
Lastly , headquarters consist of mainly administrative personnel .
The waste disposal cost of a nuclear power plant is higher than a conventional thermal station .
The cost involves transportation of the waste to various storage ponds and dumping grounds , and the running costs of these sites .
In conclusion , Generation IV MSR does provide energy hungry cities with the amount of electricity needed and it reduces greenhouse effect due to the zero carbon dioxide emission , and lastly it is much safer than the previous Generation plants with enhanced meltdown technology .
On the other hand , the danger of nuclear radiation , fear of terrorism and the high initial and running cost of a Generation IV nuclear plant , make us consider if there are any other alternatives .
Nuclear power is not a new concept .
This is due to nuclear power 's close relation with nuclear weapons and the public 's concerns with the safety of nuclear reactors .
Frankly speaking , nuclear reactors and nuclear weapons share the same basic theoretic foundation-the chain reaction of uranium .
Since nuclear power does not generate carbon dioxide , it was once regarded as the best replacement for fossil fuels .
But after the terrible partial reactor meltdown in 1979 at Three Mile Island and the 1986 accident at Chernobyl , nuclear power gradually has gone out of the public 's sight .
The new generation reactors , namely generation IV reactors , have tremendous potential in improving reactors ' efficiency and safety .
This by-product of nuclear power is also a kind of clean energy ; in place of oil the third advantage VHTR has is practical experience .
Nevertheless , in spite of so many advantages VHTR has got , it still faces some technical challenges .
One of the most essential ones is the high cost of a reactor , which will deeply affect the development of the whole nuclear industry .
Based on a report from the U.S. Department of Energy , even a prototype , which is just a sample run of the practical reactor , will require $ 1.25 billion to build ( Korman , 2008 ) .
The high temperature and pressure , which give birth to the advantage of producing hydrogen , on the other hand , mean a high risk of accident .
In terms of high cost of a reactor , significant cost deduction can be achieved by design improvement , standardisation , better construction methods , reduced construction time and improving project management in building a reactor ( OECD ) , 2005 ) .
Meanwhile the high efficiency of fuel utilization in VHTR makes reactors use less fuels which in turn lower the cost of fuels ( OECD ) , 2005 ) .
For finding suitable materials , although the perfect solution has not been found yet , engineers do have some suggested materials that have potential to develop , such as silicon carbide , specific grades of graphite and high chromium steels ( Murty & Charit , 2008 ) .
Lastly , the design of VHTR enhances safety features and excludes sophisticated backup systems or experienced operators so as to minimise human intervention .
The rising sea level , the increase in natural disasters , the proliferation of pandemics , which are the by-products of industrial development , along with the depletion of fossil fuel , demand a new source of energy .
To me , these thoughts on safety - daily danger , accidents and waste , cost and security , can be completely expunged from our minds with the new reactor technology , specifically the lead-cooled fast reactor .
Economically , the price of electricity generated from radioactive fuel would be much lower than that generated from fossil fuel due to the enormous energy churned out from fission reaction .
In addition , as the new nuclear reactor works at high temperature , scientists can utilize it to produce hydrogen from thermochemical reaction of water , which is material for other industries .
About the negative effects , the first argument concerns the impact of radiation on humans due to the routine operation of a nuclear plant .
However , according to the Journal of the American Medical Association published by the National Cancer Institute , a major survey showed that there was no rise in cancer rates in 107 US counties near 62 nuclear plants .
In fact , the amount of radiation that people living in the neighborhood of a nuclear plant are exposed to is really miniscule in comparison with that from natural sources .
According to the Atomic Energy Commission , power plants using coal produce ash that contains 5.2 tons of uranium and 12.8 tons of thorium per year .
Regarding nuclear accidents , it is the modern reactor generation that is invulnerable to the meltdown incident .
Granted , we can not deny their impact , such as the Chernobyl and Three Mile Island accidents , but the new technology can eliminate the possibility of these accidents .
It has double-walled container and a lot of core-cooling emergency systems .
Moreover , since accidents are mainly brought about by the leaking of the cooling tube , lead is chosen to reduce this possibility .
Lead is an inert substance preventing corrosion .
Besides , the effects of accidents in coal and oil industries are noticeable , such as oil spills , mining accidents , let alone the environmental effects of the toxic fumes they produce .
As far as radioactive waste is concerned , a lead-cooled fast reactor is designed best to cut back on the amount of high level waste .
It has a closed cycle and high operating temperature in order to increase the efficiency and lower the radioactive waste .
Furthermore , the high level waste is turned into a rock-like form before it is embedded into a deep rock layer whose lifetime is about one billion years .
On the other hand , the emissions of coal and oil industries are still lingering in our atmosphere , which impact on the number of respiratory disease .
Therefore , in terms of safety , the new lead-cooled fast reactor can really outweigh coal and oil plants .
Another rationale behind protests against nuclear plants is that it takes a huge capital investment to build up a nuclear plant ( from $ 3 to $ 5 billion dollars ) ( Nuclear Energy Information Service , 2004 ) , to research the new reactors ( approximate 1 billion US dollars for each prototype of generation IV reactors ) ( Nature publishing group , 2004 ) .
From the viewpoint of those against , to gain such a sum , the government has to cut off its expenditure on on education , health , etc , and raise taxes .
In my opinion , it is essential to invest in a new nuclear power plant .
First , if the government fosters research and development in the nuclear industry , the cost for building and maintaining the new nuclear power plant will be affordable .
Second , the expenditure can be compensated for by profit since a nuclear plant is competitive in comparison with coal and oil industries in terms of productivity and environment .
Third , fossil resources are shrinking rapidly , so the cost for coal and oil would increase sharply in the future .
Last , if the country continues producing energy without reducing the burning of oil and coal , health and social service expenses will rise .
At any rate , the government has to increase its expenditure .
For the lead-cooled fast reactor , it has new features to increase the longevity of core life , and scientists have come up with the idea of creating a medium size reactor to reduce the cost .
They believe that the development of nuclear states might create opportunities to produce nuclear weapons from plutonium reprocessing and uranium enriching .
Terrorists may also have the chance to magnify the destruction by attacking nuclear plants and freighters that carry radioactive substances .
However , the new lead-cooled fast reactor , as I have mentioned , has many emergency systems that make the reactor " meltdown proof " even in cases of human interference .
In other words , it reduces the amount of foreign energy import , so it can help solve disputes over energy , especially oil .
In conclusion , the new generation IV nuclear reactor , in particular the lead-cooled fast reactor , is an optimal choice for future energy in three fronts - safety , cost and security - though there are still many challenges ahead .
Thus , the government should invest more in nuclear power development to make construction of these reactors a feasible feat .
For the past few decades , the engineering field has developed drastically to a new level .
At the same time , the peril and hazard of engineering installations and systems rise in response to complexity .
The result was a series of engineering accidents : Three Mile Island , Chernobyl , the Challenger and more .
Interestingly , the analysis reports of these accidents invariably described human factors as the major cause of the accidents .
Supporters claim that psychology can help to reduce the probability of accidents and emphasize the value of human lives .
Opponents , mainly composed of engineers and operators , consider costs more and somehow ignore safety measure as it is reasonable for suppliers to produce at a minimum cost .
Although engineers and operators tend to oppose the use of psychology in engineering design process , research results have shown the importance of psychology in preventing accidents by using their professional knowledge .
One of the most famous accidents -- the Chernobyl accident that occurred on 26 April 1986 in the Soviet Ukraine -- is a typical type of engineering accident .
Frot 's ( 2000 ) studies gave two main causes of the explosion of the Chernobyl reactors : design errors and faults of management and errors committed by the operating staff .
While psychology is described as a necessity in improving the safety measures during a design process , opponents are still sceptical about the validity and reliability of psychology research .
Karanian ( 1988 ) showed how engineers think : " The content is considered repetitive and filled with slanted views and reflective of self-interest and personal bias " .
However , their disbelief is mainly due to their lack of knowledge about studies in psychology .
According to the International Ergonomics Association ( 2000 ) , engineering psychology is defined as " the scientific discipline concerned with the understanding of interactions among humans and other elements of a system , and the profession that applies theory , principles , data and methods to design in order to optimize human well-being and overall system performance " .
It does not only reflect on how human thinking solve human errors but it also uses sophisticated theory and principles .
For example , one famous psychology law -- Hick 's Law -- describes the amount of time that a person takes to make a decision , given several possible choices he or she has .
It can be seen that psychology is a professional field that has been accepted by society and the theories and principles are useful in analysing latent designing errors .
Still , opponents argue that accidents are unpredictable as there are too many possible causes .
However , research has shown that causes are basically formed by human errors .
In the Chernobyl accident , six human errors were identified ( Frot , 2000 ) .
During a design process , designers do not focus on human response to the design and there is frequent mismatch between operators and designed machines ( Wilpert , 2007 ) .
However , psychology takes human behaviours into consideration while using the machines and they look into questions like " Are the machines too complex for the operators to deal with ?
A single error will usually not produce an accident but it arises from a number of failures ( Noyes , 1997 ) .
For the Chernobyl accident , there were five major design errors ( Frot , 2000 ) .
Psychology is useful in foreseeing latent errors and thus it is easier to come out with a solution that will reduce the probability of an accident .
It can be done by designing a less complex device , giving more useful information and practice for operators in charge , designing better backup systems and so on .
With the aid of psychology which focuses on safety measures , accidents are more likely to be avoided .
In brief , while engineering has become a much sophisticated field , safety measures have become more and more important at the same time .
Human errors are unavoidable , but psychology is meant to reduce the effect caused by these errors .
In the current world , nuclear technology has evolved significantly and researchers have come out with many prototypes and systems which can benefit the world .
The latest systems are the Generation IV nuclear systems which were introduced in 2002 .
Now , the 6 nuclear energy systems are technologies which include advantages like reduced capital cost , enhanced nuclear safety , minimal generation of nuclear waste , and further reduction of the risk of weapon material proliferation .
Gen IV systems are designed to be highly sustainable because the energy they produce meets the desire for clean air and in the long term , benefits the environment .
( Bouchard,J ) , Each system has its own advantages in terms of performance , cost and security ( Generation IV International Forum GIF and U.S. Nuclear Energy Research Advisory Committee NERAC ) .
It operates at 400 ~ 500 during its operation .
We measure performance by the output of the system and the amount of power it can generate .
Since the lead-cooled fast reactor is not a large scale reactor , its output is not as much if we compare it to reactors like Very High Temperature Reactor ( VHTR ) .
The VHTR is a helium-cooled , graphite-moderated , thermal neutron spectrum reactor with a coolant outlet temperature of 1000 ° C or above .
VHTR outperforms other reactors because of its potential to produce hydrogen .
From this , we can see that VHTR greatly outperforms LFR .
On 26 April 1986 at the Chernobyl Nuclear Power Plant in Ukraine , there was a nuclear reactor accident which resulted in the deaths of many due to radiation poisoning .
To prevent such accidents from happening again , much emphasis has been put into the safety aspect of nuclear reactors being designed .
The publication by MPR further added that these features of VHTR replace the current safety systems in current reactors .
This removes any possible corrosion or irradiation which could occur with the component materials .
In addition , helium does not go through any phase change at or over reactor operating temperature ; this will improve safety because the design and operation are being simplified .
Due to the extremely hard reprocessing of its fuel , it deters any means to misuse them since the process is very complicated .
Although this feature does not really decrease the chance of reprocessing to zero , it does complicate the means to try to reprocess them
( Chapin et al,2004 ) .
On the other hand , lead-cooled fast reactors ( LFRs ) have various safety issues which are of concern when it comes to building a safe reactor .
( Generation IV International Forum GIF and U.S. Nuclear Energy Research Advisory Committee NERAC ) . This will pose as a threat for workers at the reactors due to the corrosion of the materials .
Because the Gen IV 's VHTR systems are built on the older generation of high temperature reactors , therefore many of the safety systems which already existed in the old reactors are further being enhanced . In this way , the safety systems in VHTR do exceed the ones in LFRs .
For the generation IV nuclear reactor systems , the cost of the individual reactors varies and some are far more costly than others .
The estimated cost of building a 100MWE prototype of lead-cooled fast reactor in the U.S. is between $ 400- $ 700 million
) . Compared with this , the cost of building a VHTR reactor is much higher ; it has an estimated cost of about $ 1.1 billion
( Butler , D.2004 , May 20 ) .
This is partially due to the reason that VHTR 's coolant , helium gas , is much more costly than LFRs ' coolant , and because of the strong structure that VHTR consists , it costs more to build .
In conclusion , both Very high temperature and lead-cooled fast reactors have good performance and excellent safety systems , but VHTRs are on a higher end as compared to LFRs due to the greater system performance and system safety it provides .
Hence , VHTRs are , to some extent , better than LFRs .
This kind of energy-producing method did make a big contribution to the industrialization of the world , but it also did a lot of harm to the natural environment .
However , there is no doubt that the energy demand will continue to increase , since human beings can not slow down the pace of technology development .
In this case , we have to consider more new energy .
The recent research and development of generation IV nuclear reactor makes the large scale use of nuclear energy more reliable and feasible because of its sustainability , reliability , economics and proliferation resistance .
Some may say that a nuclear plant is dangerous , after experiencing nuclear accidents in the last few decades .
However , generation IV reactors are quite different from the previous ones .
Here , we are going to discuss two of the generation IV reactors , Gas-cooled Fast Reactor ( GFR ) , which features a fast-neutron-spectrum , helium-cooled reactor and closed fuel cycle , and Supercritical Water-cooled Reactor ( SWCR ) , which is a high-temperature , high-pressure water-cooled reactor that operates above the thermodynamic critical point of water .
I think that GFR does a better job than SWCR in the aspect of efficiency , cost and security .
Yes , they are right , but they are just comparing SWCR with generation III reactors , not the GFR reactor .
According to statistical data provided by Idaho National Laboratory , the thermal efficiency of SWCR is 43.8 % , which is lower than that of GFR , 48 % .
What is more , GFR also gets hydrogen production .
The only production of combusting hydrogen is water and burning the same amount of hydrogen or other fuels , we get much more energy from hydrogen .
After referring to most of the budget reports , which say that building a GFR plant will cost 1 billion while a SWCR plant only takes half a billion , many people believe that GFR is much more expensive than SWCR .
This may be true , note that most of the budget reports are not able to take all the expenditure into consideration , which of course is not convincing .
Although GFR costs more than SWCR according to the reports , the life of GFR is also longer .
In other words , a GFR plant can work a few decades longer than SWCR .
Another factor is that SWCR only can react under very high pressure .
We all know that the higher pressure it is the higher possibility the reactor will break down .
So maintenance cost also should be taken into account .
Moreover , GFR has an effective fission of Pu and minor actinides , ability to operate on a wide range of fuel composition and capacity for breeding excess fissile material ( Frank Carre , 2002 ) .
Last but not the least is the security .
Many people 's main fear of nuclear comes from the several nuclear accidents in the last few decades , such as the Three Mail Island one in 1979 and the Chernobyl one in 1986 .
So now , people are concerned most about the security of any kind of nuclear plants .
Some think that SWCR is safer than GFR because once an accident happens , the pressure of SWCR will decrease immediately , and then the plant will shut down automatically .
Actually , it is not true because the safety issue is not only about pressure inside .
Second , the coolant of GFR is helium , a kind of inert gas , which hardly reacts with other reagent .
In conclusion , Gas-cooled Fast Reactor is better than Supercritical Water-cooled Reactor , in the areas of efficiency , expend and security .
I believe that GFR is one of the most promising generation IV nuclear reactors , and its large scale application is just around the corner .
The accident caused many deaths and resulted in severe health impacts due to the population 's exposure to radiation ( Cleveland , 2009 ) .
On the other hand , the supporters claim that through the use of psychology , the engineers might have has anticipated different scenarios that could happen and designed a safer and more stable plant .
In other words , the Chernobyl accident could have been prevented and if better safety measures were in place , the effects of the accident would have been minimized .
The problem of psychopathology of design refers to a mismatch of the engineers ' and the operators ' theoretical models which happened in this case .
The use of occupational psychology could have aided the engineers in understanding that the operators might not have been equipped with the necessary skills and knowledge to operate the plant .
They could have exercised precaution such that unauthorized personnel could not shut down the emergency safety systems ( World Nuclear Association , 2007 ) .
At the very least , it would have had weakened the severity of the consequences .
The Chernobyl reactor was unstable due to the positive void coefficient which made power exacerbation uncontrollable .
However , this instead posed a challenge to psychology to help modify the plant design through the method of feed-forward safety controls which could be applied in the ( Wilpert , 2007 ) .
The engineers should be aware of the limitations of the reactor and the use of psychology could have led them to use a better reactor or install other measures to counter the weaknesses of the reactor .
Furthermore , when some reactor components fail to work correctly , the operators face more stress ( Stang , 1996 ) .
Such external conditions are not part of design process and hence the use of psychology would not be helpful .
However , occupational threats and individual workplace misfortunes are the focus of psychology as they are influenced by the individual 's motivation , attitude and decision-making ( Wilpert , 2007 ) .
On the contrary , psychology could have helped the engineers foresee possible problems during the operation and more safety precaution could have been incorporated .
The use of psychology might have prevented the Chernobyl accident and the effects of the accident would have been minimized .
Moreover , nuclear energy is environmentally friendly because it has very low emission of green house gases .
However , only " 16 % of the world 's electricity is produced from nuclear energy " ( Nuclear Power Reactors , 2009 ) .
One nuclear accident was the Chernobyl accident in 1986 .
A total of 54 people died in this accident ( Chernobyl Accident , 2009 ) .
Therefore , in recent years , scientists and engineers have developed six Generation VI reactors that are cost effective , safer , and minimize waste ( Misak , 2009 ) .
This essay will focus on sodium-cooled fast reactors ( SFR ) in comparison with supercritical-water-cooled reactors ( SWCR ) based on three aspects : performance , cost , and safety , and show that the SFR is a better concept than the SWCR .
On performance , proponents of the SWCR claim that the thermal efficiency of this reactor is 44 % , compared to the SFR 's 42 % ( Generation IV Nuclear Reactor Comparisons , 2008 ) .
However , the difference is not very much and they fail to consider that SWCR is working in the environment of very high pressure , while SFR is working in low pressure .
On the other hand , SFR is more sustainable because of its closed fuel cycle and excellent potential of actinide management
Compare this to SWCR ; in a word , sodium-cooled fast reactors do well in performance .
In terms of cost , proponents of SWCR claim that SWCR has a longer history of development while SFR is a newer concept that has just been brought up in recent years .
People who are against nuclear reactors even claim that the existing method of generating electricity is good enough and a new method is not necessary .
However , these shortsighted people fail to realize that global shortage of resources is already very serious .
Hence , the invention of generation IV reactors can both generate electricity in a more efficient way and more fuel-saving way .
For SFR , it saves costs through two main methods : the reactor vessel and fuel .
The usage of advanced materials , the loop type cooling system and innovative design options , are all adopted to save plant capital costs .
For SWCR , it does not recycle the waste ; nuclear waste management is also one concern with SWCR in terms of both cost and safety .
The third point to emphase is that SFR has the earliest delivery time which is 10 years earlier than SWCR .
This means that the time and money required to do the research for SFR are much less than that of SWCR .
We can conclude that SFR is also cost-effective .
Taking safety into account , opponents of nuclear reactors state accidents in the past to prove that they is not safe .
For this reason , SFR pays special attention to safety issues .
Its operating temperature is as low as SWCR 's .
SFR also recycles radioactive materials thus decreases the risk of leakage of such dangerous materials .
SWCR does not recycle waste which is not that safe .
Moreover , to protect the workers in the nuclear power station , only low occupational radioactivity ( Corradini , 2005 ) .
Hence , SFR is very safe .
In conclusion , the sodium-cooled fast reactor is rated better in performance , capability to save cost , and safety .
Its research should continue as there is much use of it in the future .
Generation four nuclear reactor plants went into development with the hope of creating a new nuclear reactor plant that can replace the current old generation three reactor plants .
The new nuclear reactor may be high in cost for research but it has better performance , safety and security measures than the old generator plants .
In this new development , experts have looked into 6 new nuclear reactor plant concepts like molten salt reactor ( MSR ) and Very High Temperature Reactor ( VHTR ) .
MSR researchers did intensify research to ensure that it has superior safety standards and fuel cycle qualities than VHTR .
Therefore , research in MSR costs about $ 1000 million as compared to VHTR 's research which costs about $ 670 million as quoted from the report on " a technology roadmap for generation IV Nuclear Energy system " .
The latter costs only 20 % less than the former and the difference in money spent is used to build generation 4 reactor 's standards .
From the report , researchers for MSR distributed a lot of funds in areas like safety , reactor system and fuel cycle as compared to fund distribution in these areas of research in VHTR .
Fuel cycle in MSR needs to have more attention as compared to VHTR because there is a need to ensure that molten salt which is mixed with nuclear material will still be functional after many rounds of usage in the system .
The idea of MSR is that it will produce less waste and be able to recycle it .
Therefore , the effort put into this area of research is to make MSR a cleaner nuclear reactor plant that reduces , reuses and recycles its waste .
The molten fluoride salt used in the system helps to lower vapor pressure , thus , reduces stresses on vessel and piping .
A highly pressurized system is dangerous and needs to be consistently monitored to ensure a safe operation as stresses acting on the pipes and vessel can cause the system to explode .
When MSR is operating at high temperature of eight hundred degrees and above , it can produce another good energy source .
Hydrogen can be used to generate power for machines like hydrogen-powered cars which are clean for the environment .
The fuel used in MSR can be recycled as mentioned earlier .
However , in the case of VHTR , the fuel used is one through fuel cycle and therefore , it requires proper disposal .
The Molten Salt reactor is a lot safer in performance and operation than the Very High Temperature Reactor
MSR works based on 3 independent sub stations and is a closed loop that interlink with each other to transfer heat energy to electric energy by turning on the turbine generator .
In case of an industrial accident in one of the systems , operators can easily isolate that particular system and rectify the problem as quickly as possible without worrying that the problem might spread to parts of the other two systems .
MSR 's design works on fail-safe drainage , passive cooling , and low inventory of volatile fission products in fuel .
As for VHTR , it has only one open loop system to produce electricity from heat .
Overall , MSR also operates at lower pressure than VHTR as low temperature results in lower pressure .
One of the reasons for development in Generation 4 nuclear reactor plants is security reason .
The waste products produced by the current old nuclear plants can not be recycled and need to be disposed at wasteland .
If these wastes landed on the wrong hands like terrorists , the world would be in chaos as we live in fear of nuclear attacks by unknown enemies .
Wastes generated by these nuclear plants also bring problems to future generations .
As these wastes take very long to degrade , the land that holds them will become a wasteland which is not suitable for agricultural , residential and commercial usages .
Therefore , Generation 4 nuclear reactor plants like MSR recycle their waste products and do not need to dispose them .
However , in VHTR , as mentioned earlier , it produces wastes and researchers are trying to find solutions to it .
In conclusion , even though MSR costs more due to research than VHTR , its benefits outshine VHTR .
Its performance in low pressure quality can help to reduce stresses on equipment and less chances of industrial accidents than a high pressure system which induces high stress to the equipment .
It is safer than VHTR as it has better safety standards .
Lastly , in the area of security , MSR will not create chances of producing waste that will land on the wrong hands like the terrorists as compared to VHTR which has to deal with secured and proper waste disposal .
In recent years , we have seen that nuclear power is one of the main sources for generating electrical energy .
As of September 2009 , there have been 436 nuclear reactors worldwide and another 53 nuclear reactors under construction .
An undeniable fact is that a total of 14 percent of the world 's energy was produced by nuclear reactors in 2008 ( Nuclear Energy Institute , 2009 ) . Another shocking fact is that 76.2 percent of electrical energy is generated by nuclear reactors in France ( Nuclear Energy Institute , 2009 ) .
There are always concerns about the safe operations of nuclear reactors , opponents of the supporters of nuclear reactors note that the public 's irrational fears towards radiation .
I have chosen the Supercritical water-cooled reactor to support the argument for further research and development funding for generation IV reactors .
The public often have doubts when it comes to security and safety issues concerning nuclear reactors .
However , the Supercritical water-cooled reactor is one of the safest reactors compared to current generation II and III reactors .
events that lead to the occurrence of such possibilities would probably not reach the nuclear vessel ( Carl & Mark , 2005 ) .
Ever since the Three Miles Island incident , many new safety regulations have been implemented ; also in SCWR , emergency plans have been set up to prevent such things from happening again .
Such plans are to assist in protecting people within the 10-mile radius .
Normally , the economics of nuclear reactors are basic construction costs , operating costs , the life-time of the plant and the rate of return on capital ( Solar Energy Systems ) .
Critics often said that the overall cost for using nuclear energy has increased over the years and was relatively high ( Jack & Nicolas , 2008 ) .
In contrast , with the new SCWR , it is possible to decrease its cost since it is cheaper to build than existing nuclear reactors in the United States which consist of the Pressurized Water Reactors and Boiled Water Reactors .
Performance is measured through the efficient production of electricity , the production and recycle of waste disposal , and the method and characteristics of the nuclear reactor .
Critics often said that nuclear reactors are unsafe , impractical and low in performance .
The Generation-IV International Forum ( GIF ) has been formed in order to improve the current generation reactors , thus also improving the performance of the Generation IV reactors .
It should be evident that the arguments against supporting further research and development funding for Generation IV reactors are not valid .
Furthermore , the cost of the SCWR which is lower compared to existing LWR reactors also plays an important role in further research on Generation IV reactors .
Nonetheless , the formation of the GIF and the increase in performance SCWR are also another reason for further research and development of the nuclear reactor .
Therefore , the development of the Generation IV reactors will surely benefit mankind and help with energy demands of the future .
Comparing this with open human surgeries , patients can only return to their daily activities after 4 to 6 weeks .
However , as surgical robots are still not widely used , there are some constraints which patients are concerned about .
When it comes to patients ' safety , some questions such as the reliability of surgical robots are raised by the public .
Every movement of the robot 's arms is controlled by the surgeon ( Morristown Memorial Hospital , 2009 ) .
Some patients chose robotic surgery solely because of the shorter recovery time ( U.S. news , 2009 ) .
A research carried out by Detroit 's Henry Ford Hospital ( 2003 ) states that 100 patients who undergo robotic surgery lost less blood than 100 who had traditional open surgery .
Robotic surgery is useful in some ways such as microscopic precision ; it saves manpower and ergonomics .
The surgical robot has keyhole techniques to reach previously untouchable tissues during surgery as compared to traditional open surgery ( Bonsor , 2008 ) .
With the robot , surgeons can now sit comfortably controlling the robots , hands positioned in a natural forward position , relieving stress as unlike in traditional open surgery ( Morristown Memorial Hospital , 2009 ) .
The government will also subsidize for the cost of the system and also for people who are in need of financial help .
Actual precision such as keyhole techniques produces less scarring and less blood loss .
This will enhance safety of patients .
Although the cost of the surgery is high , given the high quality provided from the robots such as shorter hospital stays , faster recovery and safe operation , surgical robots should therefore be encouraged worldwide .
What we are facing for the next few hundred , or even tens of , years is .
Also , it helps ease global warming .
Nevertheless , , there are still some concerns about using nuclear energy : The most important one is about the safety of nuclear power plants , especially its potential for radioactive pollution .
Another problem is the performance of nuclear power plants with respect to their cost .
Since it is much more expensive than the usually used firepower plant , whether nuclear power plants can provide electricity efficiently with a reasonable cost became a rather essential problem .
Considering the above three concerns -- safety , cost and performance , the Generation IV International Forum , formed by ten countries , puts forward six outstanding protocols into Research and Development .
In this essay , I will only compare two of the six reacting systems -- Sodium-Cooled Fast Reactor ( SFR ) and Very-High-Temperature Reactor ( VHTR ) based on safety , cost and performance considerations to illustrate that SFR is more superior to the other .
However , according to the design , SFR is an entirely closed system containing nuclear fuel and Sodium that can only reach the inner surface of the reactor .
Moreover , a secondary sodium system is designed as a Passive safety confirmation in case of emergency .
Another issue is about the performance , or economic evaluation , of these two reactors .
Because of the temperature factor , the power supplier SFR can not be as efficient as VHTR , which can achieve efficiency higher than 50 % ( " A Technology Roadmap for Generation IV Nuclear Energy Systems " , 2002 ) .
Yet , SFR is still quite efficient and economical in terms of its recycle of nuclear fuel and flexibility in the plant structure .
Accompanied with its effective recovery and recycle of actinides , SFR can achieve converting 99 % of natural uranium energy into electricity .
More specifically , its power supply can range from a few hundred MW ( e ) for a Mid-Size plant to 1500- 1700 MW ( e ) for a Large Monolithic plant ( " A Technology Roadmap for Generation IV Nuclear Energy Systems " , 2002 ) .
However , VHTR only can be built as a Large Monolithic plant .
That means SFR is able to meet the economic requirements of different situations better than other reactors .
Hence , the SFR still can meet performance and economic requirements in the future .
Thirdly , about cost , it is quite clear that SFR is among those low-cost Generation IV nuclear reactors , whether based on Research and Development or plant features .
Especially with only 610M $ , the cost of Research and Development of SFR is exactly the lowest one compared to the other five protocols ( " A Technology Roadmap for Generation IV Nuclear Energy Systems " , 2002 ) .
A hugeuge amount of nuclear energy will come out during atomic reactions .
Because of its high efficiency and enormous quantity , nuclear power energy has developed rapidly in recent years .
However , many negative aspects of nuclear energy , such as radiation pollution , waste heat , greenhouse gas emission etc , also cause people to question its reliability .
Nowadays people argue about the safety and economic cost of nuclear power generation and they doubt its ability to help ease climate change as well asserted specifically by some scientists .
According to scientific observations of nuclear power generation and the positive effect of nuclear energy , there is no doubt that nuclear power is one of the best ways for energy generation , although there are some negative influences .
One of the most controversial issues is the safety of nuclear power plants .
Everyone knows that nuclear reaction produces a lot of radiation waste which will harm human health .
In the past years , accidents did happen .
One catastrophic example was the Chernobyl accident in 1986 in Russia which caused 28 deaths within 4 months and up to 56 fatalities by 2004 just because of steam explosion and a slight waste release of the radiation of the reactor 's core ( Chernobyl Accident , April 2009 ) .
Nevertheless , scientists found that nuclear power risks are actually tiny and they can also be further reduced through using the updated technological reactors .
Facts also indicated that the record of the operational safety of nuclear plants is much better than any other types of power plants ( debate on nuclear power , n.d ) .
Millions and billions of dollars will have to be spent to build a nuclear power plant .
For example , in May 2008 the congressional budget office reported that the actual cost for the construction of 75 nuclear power plants in the USA is 45.2 billion dollars ; furthermore , they eventually cost 144.6 billion dollars after taking the facilities into account ( { Benjamin K. S. } [ HYPERLINK : http : //scitizen.com/screens/usersPage/userSummary/sw_userDisplay.php ? idUserDisplayed = 899&sign = 08b456d033fcee27acbc8caf208135e8 ] Nov 2008 ) .
But the argument only considers short-term effects while it does not pay attention to long-term impact .
In fact , compared to other forms of electricity generation , nuclear power is ascendant with lower cost .
The results showed that the generation cost is 4.2 c/kWh , which is just the same as coal , eliminating all carbon cost .
The final data suggested that with its 5 % discount rate , nuclear is much cheaper than all the others ( The Economics of Nuclear Power , July 2009 ) .
Another reason why people argue against nuclear power is that people doubt its ability to help ease climate change .
People argue that nuclear is not emission-free at all .
They argue that if we take into account emission in relation to plant construction , uranium mining , transportation radiation and the contamination storage , in the UK for example , its 23 nuclear reactors can only cut less than 8 % emissions .
However , the European Union stated that more achievement with 20 % reduction can be reached at zero net costs by 2020 ( Velloor R , 2009 ) .
But the truth is nuclear power can do more than what has been mentioned .
Take France as example . Its emission of nitrogen oxide and sulphur dioxide has been reduced by 70 % over 20 years .
In India , the government also stated that it will sharply reduce global warming gas to combat climate change ( Velloor R , 2009 ) .
There is no doubt that nuclear power can efficiently help ease climate change with low cost .
Generally speaking , nuclear power is becoming more and more acceptable .
Some countries which did not support nuclear power before , like Australia , have started developing their nuclear power generation .
In an earlier survey , more than half of the Australians support nuclear power now ; even 92 % of them think it is quite an important approach help ease climate change ( Australian attitudes to uranium , 2007 ) .
Although some technological problems still exist , nuclear power energy , as one of the energies of the future , will surely become more and more popular .
It is in time like this that mankind is driven to innovate and churn out alternate solutions , hoping that coupled with existing ones , he can solve or at the very least tackle the problem effectively ; and in this case , an experimented , practical solution would be the further development of nuclear energy .
While there are public concerns about cost , security and safety issues involved , the new generation IV reactors are proposed to address these areas of concern .
One particularly advanced concept is the Very High Temperature Reactor ( VHTR ) , which makes use of helium coolant , which is inert and not reactive , and produces electricity and hydrogen , which is in turn used for the formation of hydrogen cell
( GEN IV International Forum , 2003 ) . These advantages , along with other safety precaution in place , will definitely serve to tackle the energy problem of the world .
Nuclear energy has never been a foreign subject to energy scientists .
A vastast amount of resources , manpower and time has been invested in research involving it .
Nuclear energy is most commonly produced by the fission of uranium , which produces 10 million times the energy produced by the combustion of an atom of carbon from coal
The amount of money required for research is initially estimated at 6 billion over the next 15 years for the 6 Generation IV reactors , but one must realize that subsequently the cost of maintaining the nuclear plant as well as the raw materials are far cheaper than coal
The inexpensive fuel cost and the sheer volume of energy produced by a nuclear reactor far outweighs the cost of research and development .
The next key agenda on the minds of the public is nonetheless the safety considerations and implications that these nuclear reactors can have .
This not only serves as a reminder for generations but also for scientists to reflect upon and further enhance their research .
In fact , it is because of these very reasons that the Generation IV reactors were proposed -- to further improve on the safety aspect of existing reactors .
Most thoughts were put into the proposal to ensure the level of safety and security in producing such a powerful reactor .
Security issues tied with nuclear power plants have been a very sensitive topic as political leaders have to account for the internal and international security of their country .
However , the concept of a VHTR , one of the safest reactors proposed , encompassed this consideration and will prove hard to be a security breach due to the high temperature in which the nuclear byproducts are embedded in
( EU and Energy research , 2007 ) .
Indeed , nuclear power development carries with them a social stigma ; being dangerous and harmful to the society even in the modern world as mankind is skeptical about its use and benefits , and instead are more wary of the few incidents whereby lives were lost .
Nuclear energy does not produce greenhouse gases or acid rain , and thus governments abiding by the Kyoto Protocol will definitely be looking at this to cut down on greenhouse emission .
I definitely believe that it is too early to simply brush aside the whole concept of nuclear energy and classify it as being unsafe .
The devastating damage and long-term , " chronic " consequences of the two nuclear disasters at Hiroshima and Nagasaki still remind us about how dangerous this type of weapons is .
Greenpeace and a lot of volunteer groups and organizations around the world are trying their best to ensure that those calamities will never occur again .
Nevertheless , the scenario of no fuel resources left and increasing extreme weather caused by global warming nowadays have pushed us to reconsider nuclear power .
Governments and scientists support the wide use and development of nuclear power .
Obviously , to lessen the world 's thirst for energy in the long term , and to reduce the growing number of disasters , I am in favor of using nuclear power as a main resource of energy in the future .
First of all , we have to ease public worry .
Mistakes are impermissible because they would kill several people and totally destroy a huge area .
There are also a lot of nerve-wracking problems , particularly chronic diseases many years after a disaster .
Discrimination is widespread around the world due to terrorism , racism and religion .
Because of this , any source of .
Typhoon Ketsana , Hurricane Katrina , and tsunamis striking the South- and South-East Asia are some apparent consequences of global warming .
Acidification , famine , and disappearance of permafrost , coastal areas and agricultural lands will threaten our future .
It not only generates 50 % more electricity than conventional plants from the same amount of fuel , but can also split hydrogen from water , which is another fuel for the future .
It is a remarkable benefit of nuclear energy compared to other developing kinds of energy like solar energy and wind power .
Those types just meet the requirements of residential , office and house needs .
Using nuclear power is a long-term solution to human need for energy .
Secondly , this technology has had a long process of development while solar energy and wind power have just been developed recently .
Humans do not need to invest too much on it compared to other kinds of energy .
Thirdly , nuclear energy frees us from fossil fuel dependence .
That means no monopoly of some oil-rich nations like in the present .
It will prevent some countries from abusing fuel as a way of achieving political and economic power to form a new world order .
In contrast with fossil fuel , uranium is evenly deposited around the world .
Thus , there will be enough fuel for all nations and regions .
Lastly , more procedures will help decrease the potential danger of nuclear energy .
Thanks to the rapid pace of technology development nowadays , new materials for reactor construction , ways of observing and controlling process , we can be assured that past accidents like Chernobyl will never happen again .
Without nuclear disasters , no people die due to working inside nuclear power plants .
As global energy demands are predicted to soar relentlessly , nuclear energy is a prominent resource .
It will not only mitigate the consequences of global warming , but also help lessen the world 's thirst for fuel for a long period .
We , human beings , have to adapt to a new age of nuclear power and fully exploit it rather than be uneasy and doubtful about this controversial type of energy .
With increasing concerns over the impact of global warming and oil prices , fossil fuels alone will not be able to meet the world 's increasing energy demand in the future .
Nuclear energy is currently supplying 17 % of the world 's energy demand ; however this number is projected to drop as old plants close more frequently than new ones open .
Unless a new source of sustainable energy is discovered , continuous research and development of nuclear energy should be conducted in order to sustain the economies of the world .
The Very High Temperature Reactor ( VHTR ) is one of the nuclear generation IV reactor concepts that should be given priority in research and development .
It uses helium , an unreactive gas , as a coolant and operates at high temperature to achieve high efficiency .
It has one of the earliest delivery dates among the other generation IV reactors .
Many projects incurred high costs due to extended periods of research and development , thus it is economically more sensible to give priority to a project that has an earlier delivery date .
The difference between the cost of nuclear and conventional power plants is perhaps the most important factor in the research and development of the former .
The costs mainly comprise of two components : the investment and generation cost .
On the other hand , for example in the coal-rich regions of China , coal-based electricity is much cheaper .
Many countries depend on the import of oil , gases and coal for generation of electricity , which means that cheaper electricity is only limited to countries with control over fossil fuel .
Since 1990 , oil prices have risen steadily as sources of fossil fuel decrease and demands for fossil fuel increase .
It is apparent that eventually nuclear energy will be significantly cheaper even in regions that are rich in fossil fuel .
The main reason for public opposition to nuclear energy could be the lack of confidence in the safe operation of nuclear power plants .
The Chernobyl ( 1986 ) and Three Mile Island ( 1979 ) accidents are frightening examples of how devastating a nuclear accident can be .
Even until today , people are dying from the effects of radiation caused by the accidents .
The nuclear power industry is still a relatively new one and confidence in the safe running of nuclear reactors comes only with experience over time .
There has been a concern over how the growth of nuclear power will contribute to nuclear proliferation .
Nuclear was first developed under a project codenamed " The Manhattan Project " and it was fueled by competition with the Nazis to develop the world 's first atomic bomb during War World II .
The technology was later used to generate energy , thus it is inevitable that most countries own both nuclear weapons and plants .
In summary , nuclear energy will continue to play an important role in meeting the world 's energy demands .
However , with increasing public opposition to nuclear technology due to the harmful effects of the radiation produced , in recent years more plants have shut down than new ones opening .
The concerns are uncalled for as continuous research and development will bring about cheaper and safer operation of nuclear plants .
As new reactor concepts develop , it is no surprise that nuclear energy is the " next big thing " .
Such disastrous events also happened in Pennsylvania and the Chernobyl nuclear power plant in the Soviet Union .
The serious consequences caused by nuclear leaks make experts consider over and over again before building new nuclear plants .
Nowadays , because of the desperate need of human societies for long term energy sources , experts are forced to explore a safer and more economical reactor to generate nuclear power
( NBF , 2007 ) . Under this scenario , Molten salt reactors ( MSRs ) are the best options for three reasons .
In the first place , Molten salt reactors are much safer due to the properties of the chosen salt mixture and .
Moreover , it is more economical to develop MSRs .
Finally , most of the technology challenges can be overcome .
First of all , according to the table , the MSRs are safer to operate and maintain than most of the other reactors .
{ ( GIF , n.d. ) } [ HYPERLINK : http : //www.gen-4.org/Technology/systems/msr.htm ] The chosen salt mixtures do not burn in air or water and the solubility of the fluoride salts with radioactive fission substances in water is zero .
The other reason is that low-pressure molten salts can not cause a steam explosion in the core
( Charles W. F. , 2004 ) . In addition , almost no excess reactivity of the fuel goes on in the reactor , since the fuel is added in as needed and the radioactive substances are removed on-line from the nuclear plant .
Moreover , a Molten salt reactor costs less than other reactors under development which is indicated in the table .
Flourides are favored to be used as coolant because fluorine does not need expensive isotope separation as chlorine does ( Per F. P. & HaiHua Z. , 2004 ) .
What is more , in the core of the reactor , the pressure is relatively low .
ThuThus , there is no need for the quite expensive high-pressure steam vessel .
Instead , low pressure pipes built of thin sheets of metal are used .
Since the metal pipes are thick , they cost less to construct and weld .
In addition , efficiency is raised effectively due to high temperature , which accordingly reduces the use of fuel and the cost of complementary equipment by 50 % or more .
{ ( GIF , 2007 ) } [ HYPERLINK : http : //www.gen-4.org/Technology/systems/msr.htm ] These properties imply that MSRs can work in small sizes , reducing the cost of land and construction .
Furthermore , some experts do not support MSRs for two reasons .
The other is the decay heat produced by noble metals which can damage the heat exchanger
( Paul P. , 2002 ) . Nevertheless , these two limitations can be solved by carbon-carbon heat exchangers .
Therefore , the amount of plated out noble metals is significantly reduced and it is easy for trapping systems to remove those noble metal from the system
( Per F. P. & HaiHua Z. , 2004 ) .
First , MSRs are relatively safe compared to the other reactors under development .
Secondly , MSRs provide countries a much more economical way to develop nuclear plants .
Lastly , the two main challenges of MSRs are solved by the new technology called carbon-carbon heat exchanger .
Thus , under current circumstances , the new dawn of Molten salt reactor will come soon .
Many major engineering accidents have occurred around the world such as the Three Mile Island and Chernobyl accidents .
Some feel that incorporating psychology into the design process can help to avoid such accidents from happening .
This could be one of the reasons why Psychology is now being taught in the design graduate programs of many institutes , such as Chicago 's Institute of Design ; it is also used in some design firms ( Psychology by design , n.d ) .
By understanding psychology one would be able to enhance his or her thinking style and creativity , therefore would be able to come up with better solutions during the design process .
Therefore , the use of psychology in the design process would help to prevent major engineering accidents from happening again .
As stated by Wilpert ( 2007 ) , the train accident in Eschede ( Germany ) , in the year 1998 , was one of the major engineering accidents that had occurred .
It has been documented that the crack in the wheel of the train caused it to derail
They suggest that if there had been a better team of engineers involved in the design process , they would have worked in an effective and productive manner and would have been able to come up with a better piece of design for the wheel , thus preventing the accident .
However , these people are not aware that the use of psychology helps one to understand the people around him as well as know their strengths and weaknesses .
This way , during the design process they would have been able to split themselves up into smaller groups and work on the part of the design process they are strong at .
Khandani ( 2004 ) ) also states that building of a prototype , which is the last step , is very important as it helps us to know if the design is reliable to use .
Therefore , even if a prototype had been built it would not have been possible to test it out with real conditions .
The use of psychology , on the other hand , would have helped to prevent the accident .
The design process places a very high demand on the creativity of the engineers involved , which is closely related to thinking ability .
According to Wanger ( n.d. ) , cognitive psychology focuses on the essence of human thinking .
n.d ) The use of cognitive psychology would enhance style of thinking and creativity in the design process , encouraging engineers to come up with an effective and safe design .
There are a group of people who might strongly feel that if proper research has been done , the engineers at Eschede would have come up with a better design such that any fault in the wheels would have been detected and hence prevented the train from moving .
High technology research on this aspect of design would have been possible and hence would have prevented the accident .
However , the study of psychology focusing on Human Computer Interaction ( HCI ) helps one to use the rapidly advancing telecommunication and research facilities to their advantage .
Therefore , the study of HCI would better enable the engineers to analyse information they gather and would hence to be able to come up with innovative designs which look into the safety of the design .
Therefore , the use of psychology would have helped prevent the accident .
In conclusion , incorporating psychology into the design process would help to enhance the creativity and style of thinking of the engineers and it would also help the engineers to better interact with advanced technologies and modern information .
Psychology also helps teamwork to be effective . Therefore , the use of psychology would have prevented the accident .
The world 's population is predicted to expand from about 6 billion people to 10 billion people by the year 2050 ( A Technology Roadmap for Generation IV Nuclear , 2002 ) .
And global energy demand is expected to double at that time ( Nuclear Power 's New Dawn , 2004 ) .
Today 's energy use has caused adverse environmental problems so energy supply will be far from sufficient for future demands .
Now the whole world works towards sustainable development .
However , the public is very concerned about the safe operation of nuclear reactors , economic costs , technical risks , and waste disposal of the nuclear energy systems .
Compared with the other five concepts , the Molten Salt Reactor ( MSR ) is most advanced in safety , reliability , performance and economics .
In my point of view , people should support more research on MSR technology to fulfill human s ' energy consumption in the future .
Given the memories of previous nuclear reactor accidents , the public is concerned a lot about the safety of nuclear plants .
However , since to ensure safety is the primary goal of MSR , it has good safety measures .
Molten salt reactor systems use liquid salts as a coolant and fuel together .
It has an integrated fuel cycle , taking advantage of the great heat transport properties of molten salt ( Malten Salt Reactor ) . The reaction process keeps low pressure and low chemical reactivity . The mobile fission products are removed continuously .
The cooling is very fast and they can cool down almost automatically when an accident happens ( Forsberg , 2004 ) .
The simplified safety features do not rely on sophisticated backup systems or experienced operators ( Nuclear Power 's New Dawn , 2004 ) .
This can prevent any deliberate accident and minimize damage caused by accidents .
Consequently , we should further develop these techniques , conduct more tests in different situations and carry out enough precautionary measures .
Then safety can be ensured , or even though accident happens , the loss can be eliminated .
Furthermore , another main concern from the public is performance and radiation during the reaction process .
This implies that to build an MSR could be smaller than other reactor concepts and that the efficiency of thermal power output would be higher ( Forsberg , 2004 ) .
At the same time , it can split hydrogen from water , which can be alternative fuel for transport to deal with oil shortage ( Nuclear Power 's New Dawn , 2004 ) .
CITATION Lui09 \ l 1033 ( Echavarri , 2009 ) . As the result , radiation and waste will not be a significant problem anymore .
Opponents argue that the use of nuclear plants would be too expensive to compete with other resources such as coal and gas .
So now we should not only consider economic profit but sustainable development of human society .
The MSR uses thorium as fuel .
Thorium is more abundant than uranium and its price is relatively cheap .
It is a well developed energy source .
Therefore , compared with the other reactors , MSR has economical and social advantages .
Moreover , as new technology develops , costs can be cut down gradually .
In the future , it can compete favorably with other energy sources .
Today , the principal challenges are using green resources and energy to radically reduce CO2 emissions to help ease climate change and to pursue sustainable development .
In recent years , oil has become very important to many people by providing fuel for cars and most importantly , generating electricity .
We are using more tools that require electricity with technological advancement .
At the same time , burning oil to generate electricity also releases a large amount of carbon dioxide into the atmosphere .
However , there are many who oppose this idea because they feel that this choice is expensive , unsafe and can not perform as well as others like renewable energy .
Since the Generation IV Reactor that is expected to have one of the earliest deliveries with the highest power output ( Butler , 2004 ) , research on it should be supported and continued .
Firstly , many people oppose the use of nuclear power as a form of energy because it is expensive to research and build .
However , they do not realise that nuclear power is expensive only at the early stage .
In the long run , nuclear power is still a cheaper alternative fuel as VHTR can generate fifty percent more electricity from the same amount of fuel in the current coal-powered power plants ( Butler , 2004 ) .
Besides this , the rising price of oil will eventually become much more expensive than the radioactive materials used .
Secondly , people may argue that nuclear power is not safe because of the radiation that radioactive materials give out .
The Three Mile Island accident and Chernobyl accident are evidence of their claims .
In the Chernobyl accident alone , there were fifty-six deaths ( World Nuclear Association , 2004 ) .
Yet , according to the World Nuclear Association ( 2008 ) , the most serious case of nuclear reactor accident was the Chernobyl accident with fifty-six deaths while a recent coal mine methane explosion in China has caused seventy-eight deaths .
Furthermore , in the new concept of VHTR , it will be " meltdown proof " so it will still be safe if accidents happen ( Butler , 2004 ) .
Thus , nuclear power is not as dangerous compared to other sources of energy and VHTR can be made safer with modern technology .
The radioactive materials will run out one day like oil and coal , giving us the problems that coal and oil are giving us today .
Thus , even though it can not perform for a long time like other renewable powers , it is the best performing power that we can rely on now for its efficiency per land area and cost .
In conclusion , coal and oil are no longer sources of energy that we should rely on because of their rising costs and environmental impact .
Currently , generating power using the nuclear reactor , VHTR , will be our best choice since it has zero emission , cheap , safe and efficient .
Thus , research on VHTR should be continued and funded to get ourselves ready before the demand for energy increases much more in 2050 as predicted ( Butler , 2004 ) .
However , nuclear energy is more efficient and gives a new future for energy consumption , especially after the use of generation IV nuclear reactors ( Hill , 2008 ) .
In my perspective , it is a good choice to support and fund the development of generation IV nuclear reactors for future energy consumption .
The first reason why it is good to fund and support the development of nuclear energy for future energy consumption is the limitation of energy resources .
The main energy resources human beings consume today are coal , oil , natural gas and some other non-renewable resources .
People may argue that we still have enough resources in the following centuries ; however , according to a survey done by world geographers , oil will be used up 40 years later if human beings continue using it like they do now .
Natural gas will last 60 years and coal can last a little longer time , 160 years .
Nuclear energy now is hot and it will show its great use in the next few centuries ( Gerstner , 2009 ) .
If they build a power plant that can produce 17.8 billion kilowatt-hour of electricity , they need 81 ton uranium , or 4.34 million ton oil , or 6.51 million ton coal
From this it can be seen that the uranium can produce more energy per kilogram and it can partly solve the issue concerning limitation of energy resources .
In this case it will be a good decision to fund the development of nuclear energy , especially the generation IV nuclear reactors .
Besides the advantages mentioned earlier , nuclear energy also does not produce any greenhouse gases , like carbon dioxide .
The generation IV reactors can really reduce the production of green house gases ( Butler , 2004 ) . People may argue that many accidents have happened related to nuclear reactors .
We can not deny it ; for example , on 26th of April , 1986 , the nuclear reactor in Chernobyl , Ukraine leaked and exploded .
Although the possibility of accidents exists , under strict management and better technology , the number of accidents will be reduced and nuclear energy will be a kind of energy that is environmental friendly . The public should fund its development .
A country can also benefit a lot from nuclear energy .
Not because it is a kind of future energy but also because it can enhance the speed of economic development ( Hill , 2008 ) .
People always say that economic development will depend on comprehensive national strength or national power , not the nuclear energy . However , they may not see the importance of nuclear energy in improving .
According to a report made by OPEC , in 2009 , China consumed 8.27 million barrels of oil a day , which is 0.29 million barrels more per day than 2008 .
The generation IV reactors will perform very well in this aspect .
If we can support and fund nuclear energy for future development , it will enhance the speed of economic development .
In conclusion , it will be a good decision to fund the development of generation IV nuclear reactors for future energy consumption .
Nuclear energy has three main advantages -- its high rate of energy production , its being environmental friendly , and its ability to enhance a country 's economic development .
However , some people have lost their confidence in nuclear power development after the occurrence of nuclear disasters in Three Mile Island and Chernobyl .
Of the six generation IV reactors , the Very High Temperature Reactor ( VHTR ) has the most potential to be selected for further R&D funding .
Specifically , compared with the Molten Salt Reactor ( MSR ) , the VHTR is safer and incurs low operation and maintenance costs and modular construction costs .
The MSR operates at the temperature of 700-800 º C and low pressure .
Thus , the VHTR would incur a higher cost of installing since it needs thicker pipes to sustain the high pressure .
However , the VHTR which operates at a higher temperature is highly efficient in the conversion of heat to electricity compared to the MSR .
Therefore , with economy of scale , the cost of installing and maintaining the VHTR increases less than proportionately with the plants ' generating capacity due to its high efficiency .
Moreover , additional R & D technologies for the VHTR includeing high temperature alloy , fiber reinforced ceramics and composite materials can further improve the efficiency and cut down the costs ( U.S. Department of Energy Nuclear , 2002 ) .
For instance , an optimized approach to dealing with graphite is currently under research .
Thus , the VHTR is much cheaper than the MSR in overall cost .
Some people might have a wrong assumption that the MSR has higher performance than the VHTR since it is a fast reactor that relies on fast neutrons while the latter is a thermal reactor that relies on moderators to slow neutrons first .
However , this is not true because the reactors ' performances also depend on temperature and pressure .
In fact , the overall plant efficiency of the VHTR is more than 50 % compared to MSR 's 44-50 % .
In addition , the VHTR is operating in a midsized plant as compared to the MSR which is large in size .
Thus , the VHTR is neutral in sustainability which means that VHTR spent fuel that could be disposed of in a geological repository or conditioned for optimum waste disposal .
Furthermore , the MSR discards a larger amount of waste compared to the VHTR .
Even though waste from the MSR undergoes recycling , this process is unsecure as this bypasses the stage where plutonium , an active ingredient for nuclear weapons , is produced .
Hence , plants might become targets of terrorist .
In addition , the cost of recycling is very expensive and a lot of fuel still ends up as waste .
On the other hand , the VHTR enhances minimization through fuel recycling .
From the analysis , the VHTR will spend fuel in a symbiotic fuel cycle that can achieve significant reductions in waste quantity and radio toxicity because of its ability to accommodate a wide variety of mixtures of fissile and fertile materials without significantly modifying the core design ( U.S. Department of Energy Nuclear , 2002 ) .
Thus , in terms of safety and security , the VHTR is actually much safer than the MSR .
In conclusion , the VHTR provides an economically competitive nuclear heat source and hydrogen production capability ( Idaho National Laboratory Idaho Falls , 2006 ) .
Therefore , unremitting efforts and funding should be put into its research and development so that it would give a fresh impetus to enhance the development of nuclear power .
Should funding be given to Supercritical Water Cooled Reactor over the other Generation IV reactors ?
This will fulfill the nuclear reactors ' main purpose of generating affordable and reliable electricity ( Buongiorno , 2003 ) .
As the Earth is mostly made up of water , there will be enough water to be used for the coolant of the SCWR .
Unfortunately , the development is not aided by nuclear disasters , such as the Chernobyl disaster in 1986 and the Three Mile Island disaster in 1979 , which are two of the most serious accidents which happened in nuclear power plants .
The current nuclear power plants use generation II reactors , for example , Pressurized Water Reactors and boiling water reactors .
However , the efficiency , security , economics and sustainability of generation II nuclear reactors are not up to the mark .
New nuclear technology is definitely needed to be developed to achieve a broader application in the power industry .
Then we will decide which one will better meet the energy deman of the future .
However , it is not important , as no research has proven that the method of generating hydrogen can achieve a higher efficiency compared with generating electricity .
It is not wrong to assume that under a higher temperature VHPR can achieve a higher efficiency than SFR .
As a result , it is easier for SFR to achieve its intended goal of providing energy to the world . Similarly , it has the potential to achieve a higher efficiency rate .
Lastly , SFR has an obvious advantage over VHTR .
Such reductions would bring benefits in the radioactive waste disposal requirements associated with the system and enhance its non-proliferation attributes "
) Such feature increases sustainability of SFR and makes it easier to ease public anxiety over the security of new nuclear power technology .
Thus , it will be much easier to put nuclear power plants to work .
Nuclear power is a good substitution for fossil fuel .
The utilization of nuclear power is going to change the world and people 's way of living in the future .
At present , it is necessary for people to decide which one of the six new nuclear technologies is most valuable to our power needs .
The meltdown of the nuclear plant caused 30 immediate deaths along with 100,000 cases of fatal cancers in the years that followed ( Greenpeace UK , 2006 ) .
Nevertheless , with the high cost and the inadequately safe nuclear technology that we have now , convincing people to embrace nuclear power will not be possible without safer and cheaper technology .
Out of the various fourth generation nuclear reactors currently being researched , the Very High Temperature Reactor , also known as the VHTR , is one of the most promising ones .
The VHTR , on the other hand , utilizes the heat to boil helium , an inert gas , which drives the turbine directly .
In conventional nuclear reactors , the radioactive fission products remain in the reactor 's core .
The VHTR , however , is designed such that the fission products are trapped inside the fuel particles .
This is evidenced by the test carried out on one of the VHTR prototypes , HTR-10 in 2004 .
According to a report by the Massachusetts Institute of Technology ( 2009 ) on the cost of nuclear power , the overnight cost ( cost without interest incurred ) of building a nuclear plant is US $ 4000 / kwh ( kilowatt hour of electricity produced ) .
For example , heat can be used for petrochemical reprocessing while hydrogen can be used as fuel in fuel cell plants to produce even more electricity .
Hence , VHTR is actually more profitable to operate as electricity , heat and hydrogen can be obtained altogether .
Besides , non-monetary economics should be considered at the same time .
The environmental damage done , though not measurable in dollars and cents , should also be taken into account as cost .
In less than a minute , a six-storey building was reduced to a pile of rubble .
This was one of the deadliest civil accidents in Singapore , known as the Hotel New World collapse which happened on 15 March 1986 . According to the Singapore Civil Defence Force ( 2009 ) , this misfortune took away 33 lives .
In an article on the collapse , Tan ( 1999 ) claimed that investigations showed the collapse was due to under design made by the engineers , shoddy workmanship and cost cutting made by the contractors ( Tan , 1999 ) .
There are some special scenarios where no amount of logical preventive measures could prevent accidents from happening , but as far as this study is concerned , the devastating loss of human life and the collapse of Hotel New World could have all been avoided with the use of psychology during the design process , eliminating the errors committed by humans in the design and maintenance phase .
All modern buildings are designed to support what the experts call the dead load and the life load .
The dead load is the weight of the building itself and the life load consists of people and objects like furniture which the building has to support .
Calculations made by the draughtsman of Hotel New World in the designing phase was so badly wrong that he only considered the life load and had forgotten about the dead load .
Separating the submission of dead and life load calculations could ensure that both loading types were being considered in the designing phase . To take an even further precautionary measure , safety factors could have been introduced to the design calculations to make way for any unprecedented human calculation errors .
In summary , this accident could have been prevented right from the beginning , taking human errors into consideration in the design phase .
No doubt engineers and contractors had to play a role in erecting the building and also ensuring the safe operation of the civil structure . More importantly , the users or patrons must not assume ignorance .
Upon completing the construction of the building , the building went into the maintenance phase , making the building operational .
The building showed signs of failure in the structural integrity 16 hours well before the collapse , yet people who witnessed the failure did not react appropriately . Staff of the building were alerted but did not know what to expect , whereas the management overlooked and had repair workers to fix the cracks in concrete by bracing it with timber .
This event would have turned out differently if the management teams of the building were psychologically prepared . In other words , educated or briefed on such issues , the building would have been evacuated almost immediately , even having a buffer time of 16 hours on hand to do it , saving the lives of 33 .
In short , this accident could have been prevented with the aid of psychology during the design process in the maintenance phase .
As an additional pointer , the maintenance phase could act as a second safety net to catch any remaining human errors left unsolved in the previous designing phase .
Risks are an integral part of our life . Every day we are making risky decisions unknowingly . It is just a matter of degree in the risk taken : walking on the open street itself would also mean being exposed to aircrafts crashing down on you .
Freak accidents referr to unanticipated natural disasters , such as unforeseen or illogical scenarios like the tsunami that swept across Sri Lanka in year 2004 . No amount of logical preventive measures taken could hav prevented the disaster from happening .
There are no absolute measures to an accident-free world . What can be done is to minimize the risk as much as possible , preventing the occurrence of accidents close to nil , learning from past mistakes and improving if an accident has occurred . In an article on Keeping Building Engineers Well Grounded , Lee ( 2008 ) claimed that Hotel New World is iconic of the construction challenges in the 1970s ( Lee , 2008 ) .
To conclude , it is evident that the arguments involving psychology during the design process in the design and maintenance phase would have prevented the accident in this particular study . The author of Hotel New World Collapse , Hon ( 1987 ) , concluded that the design was bad , the construction was bad and the maintenance was bad . Human errors caused the failure of Hotel New World .
Even though it gained popularity in the 1970s , the partial meltdown of the nuclear power plant 's core on Three Mile Island in 1979 and Chernobyl explosion in 1986 had a serious taint on the popularity of the use of nuclear energy as an energy source .
The Chernobyl explosion caused less than 60 radiation-related deaths and required the resettlement of over 336,000 people .
Although a more serious incident is yet to occur , people are increasingly concerned about the potential hazardous threat posed by nuclear plants .
Nuclear reactors also produce plutonium as a by-product which can be used in nuclear weapons .
It raises a global concern that terrorists or aggressive countries may have easier access to nuclear weapons and may threaten world peace .
Also , nuclear reactors are operational only for around fifty years , requiring regular costly replacements .
However , with increasing demands for energy due to industrialization and the rising price of oil and fossil fuel , nuclear energy remains as an important source of energy despite all the controversies .
On the other hand , the SFR has a closed loop fuel cycle and is designed to reduce waste .
With regard to safety , the VHTR has certain desirable safety measures under both normal and extreme conditions .
Nevertheless , with some innovation , a buffer can be introduced to prevent water vapor from reaching the radioactive sodium in the primary system .
For the VHTR , the cost is mainly associated with the heat exchanger size and the installation expenses which usually total to about US $ 781.5 million .
Although the cost of building a nuclear reactor is great and there are concerns about safety , there are several advantages in using nuclear energy as an energy source .
The small size of the nuclear power plants allows them to be integrated in the already developed regions and makes the long-distance power transfer unnecessary .
Also , nuclear energy does not produce pollution directly into the atmosphere in the form of greenhouse gases .
The use of nuclear energy is also advantageous in a sense that it will never run out while oil reserves and fossil fuels are likely to be used up at some time .
With more research and investment in nuclear technology , the SFR can become a viable energy source in the future .
With the rising demand for energy and the increasingly visible harmful effects of the use of oil and fossil fuel to the environment , nuclear energy offers an alternative and is regaining some of its popularity and early successes in the 1970s .
On 20 April 2004 , contractors and workers were having their usual tea break when they heard a loud thud from the structure that they were working on for the past few months .
Four men were immediately killed
( MOM , 2005 ) .The Nicoll Highway that links Kallang to the Central Business District had collapsed. ( Ahmad,A.,2004 ) .
The collapse of Nicoll Highway was a controversial issue where everyone had his or her own views .
There were views from engineers as well as the parties involved , saying that the collapse was not due to a mistake in design as they followed the code of practice in their design and the safest bottom-up construction method was used .
There were no occupational hazards influenced by the decisiveness and attitude of the project managers .
The parties involved took pride in their work .
In my opinion , I felt that the collapse was due to a mistake in the design , the lack of integrity as portrayed by the parties involved and the management team 's indecisiveness about the situation .
Indecisiveness and negligence of the management team , design mistake and lack of integrity are three factors of psychology which I felt were lacking in the design process which had resulted in the engineering accident .
The reason for the collapse of Nicoll Highway was not solely due to a mistake in the design .
Safety factors were taken into consideration in the design of the loads according to the Code of Practice
Furthermore , the common and safest bottom-up method was used , said a civil engineer working in LTA . It was definitely a mistake in design as the investigation revealed that there was an error in the design of the strut support system and that it was under-designed ( MOM , 2009 ) .
There were omission and misintepretation of the code of practice ( SCOSS , SC/06/102 ) .Therefore , the use of phsychology could have prevented the accident if the parties involved had not made any errors in the design .
The Land Transport Authority was decisive throughout the whole project as it shored up the surrounding ground to prevent further collapse of the repair work .
If they were indecisive , they would not have been able to decide what steps to be taken to prevent further collapse .
However , there was evidence showing that the management teams had neglected their roles .
The management teams failed to provide adequate instrumentation and monitoring works , lacked competent personnel to carry out specified works , and failed to identify adverse trends and implement corrective work ( Ministry of Manpower , 2005 ) .
There were signs of structure failing but they were ignored
The above evidence showed that there were human errors such as the negligence of the management team which had resulted in the collapse .
The parties involved in the construction of Nicoll Highway were carefully selected and one of them was the Land Transport Authority ( LTA ) .
Since it is under severe guidance by the government , there should have been no problems with integrity or dishonesty .
However , there was evidence showing that there was dishonesty and lack of integrity among the parties involved .
From the book on Nicoll Highway Collapse , extracted from New Civil Engineer ( 2005 ) , Nishimatsu-Lum Chang ( NLC ) , being a party involved in the project , was negligent , reckless and dishonest during the design and construction of the retaining wall .
If the parties involved had integrity and knew that cutting costs would result in many casualties , the engineering accident would have been prevented .
It was due to the parties ' lack of integrity , which was one of the psychological factors that they failed to demonstrate , that resulted in the collapse .
In conclusion , the use of psychology could have prevented the accident if the parties involved were careful about the design and made sure that it was not under-designed as in the case of Nicoll Highway .
The carelessness and negligence of the management team caused the accident .
Some people think nuclear energy is good but there are still people who think we should not develop nuclear energy .
Two sides support their views on pro and cons to nuclear energy .
In Butler 's ( 2004 ) article , there are 6 types of generation IV reactor .
This means it is safer to use this kind of reactor .
This reactor can generate a large amount of energy and can undergo waste recycling .
We can see that the future reactor is much cheaper , safer and more environmental-friendly .
We should further develop nuclear power energy since the cons of nuclear energy can be minimized by developing it .
Some people feel that radioactive waste is the main problem of nuclear energy source because it causes cancer .
Although radioactive waste lasts for a few thousand years , fossil fuel will cause more serious damage to the earth because of emission of natural gas that leads to global warming .
Global warming affects the whole world but nuclear waste only affects a certain area .
If we maximize the effect of global warming , all life forms on earth will become extinct eventually .
will finally disappear after a long period .
From the example of Hiroshima , we can see how fast a city is able to rebuild itself after a nuclear warfare .
Furthermore , nuclear waste is not a problem for future generation IV reactors like the Supercritical-water-cooled reactor because it recycles waste .
Many people think that we should not waste money on nuclear energy because the cost of handling or building a nuclear power plant is very high ; we can use the money to contribute to research on finding alternative energy or the development of alternative energy sources like solar and wind energy .
Energy demand each year is rapidly increasing so I do not think alternative energy sources like solar and wind energy can meet that need .
Nuclear energy contributes to almost 15 % of the world 's electricity ( Leipoldt , E , 2006 ) . If we do n't use nuclear energy , what are we going to use to replace 15 % of the world 's electricity ?
Since there is already a solution to meet the energy demands of the future , why do n't we just use it ?
In addition , future generation IV reactors like the Supercritical-water-cooled reactor can produce much more electrical energy than older generation reactors , so we should develop it .
Helium-3 produces much less waste and has a half-life that is 12 years only .
A lot of countries are racing to go to the Moon for helium-3 that is why they keep improving their space technology .
Lasker
( 2006 ) states that NASA is planning to go and harvest it in 2024 so they are developing high technology to achieve it .
We should improve our nuclear technology first while waiting for nuclear sources from the moon .
Using nuclear energy can decrease the emission of natural gas , generate a large amount of energy to meet future needs .
Among these reactor designs , Supercritical-water-cooled reactor ( SCWR ) is the most suitable concept for funding and development due to its usage of advanced material , safety and economical design and high security .
People who oppose nuclear power plants think that SCWR is not safe enough because it has potentially hazardous requirements .
Since the materials are subjected to rigorous safety standards , SCWR should be supported further through research and development funding .
On the contrary , the balance of SCWR plant design utilizes a relatively simple direct cycle power conversion system , which also allows for the incorporation of passive safety features .
SCWR 's efficiency is about 45 % while this one in advanced LWRs is 33 % ( Supercritical-Water-Cooled Reactor ( SCWR ) , 2007 ) .
Another advantage of SCWR that it is very cost-effective because it involves only one cycle .
So the overall simple design of the SCWR will also cut down construction cost .
The attack on September 11 in 2001 has provided a wake-up call to the threat of nuclear terrorism .
According to Li ( 2008 ) , the Molecular and Cellular Biology concentrator in Cabot House , the United States Congress has decided to use 555 billion USD in the formation of an " international fuel nuclear bank " ( p. 54 ) to prepare for safe reprocessing .
That means human intervention will be reduced to the minimum to prevent potential terrorist attacks on nuclear reactors .
Taking everything into account , because of its achievement in research in advanced materials , effective design and security , the SCWR should be so highly appreciated to pursue the GEN-IV through continuous development and funding .
Our natural resources are rapidly consumed to supply energy for society .
Although the construction of new nuclear power plants is strictly restricted , a new concept for the next generation of nuclear power plants has been announced .
Despite criticism about its safety , over the past decades , while still undergoing many restrictions , a small number of nuclear plants alone located in North America and Europe has been providing 15 % of global total power .
With the predicted US shortage of fuel by 2025 and VHTR 's expected delivery by 2020 ( Butler , 2004 ) , and if this new generation of reactors receives enough funding , it would be available at the right time to ease the lack-of-fuel crisis .
The public may argue that the conversion from petroleum-fuelled to hydrogen-fuelled would be very complicated and costly .
A car which runs on hydrogen does not need heavy materials and much space for its fuel tank .
Although the mass conversion to full hydrogen-fuelled vehicles might be costly , it will bring more advantages as a long-term strategy .
Finally , other than nuclear , there is still one source of energy that is believed to bring us an abundant amount of energy -- solar power .
No one can understand the current situation of global power supply better than oil-supplying countries themselves , and these global oil providers are in the Gulf ( Brumfiel , 2008 ) .
With a pessimistic view about the current global oil supply , these countries hope to quadruple their energy supply using nuclear plants .
With a VHTR constructed on the same amount of area , the amount of energy far outweighs that created by solar energy .
The development of VHTR ensures us a safe and abundant source of energy for the next centuries , before solar power technology is becomes advanced to meet our energy demands .
Generation IV ( Gen IV ) reactors are theoretically nuclear reactor designs that are undergoing research and are to be completed in 2030 .
They are projects initiated by Generation IV International Forum ( GIF ) which aims to come up with nuclear reactors that are more desirable for human use .
However , government policies to promote nuclear energy are still met with resistance from the public .
Many of them still see nuclear energy as it was decades ago , when it was expensive , low performing and deemed to lead to nuclear arms proliferation .
Thus , opponents argue that we should stop investing in nuclear energy for security reasons .
If the nuclear reactor runs on an open loop fuel system , nuclear waste will not be recycled .
The SWCR is able to operate on an open looped fuel system which does not recycle nuclear waste ( Butler , 2004 ) .
If nuclear waste is managed well , waste from SWCR can not be used for nuclear arms .
Thus , funding for SWCR should be increased .
The public perceive that nuclear energy is more expensive than conventional energy sources ( Hughes , 1999 ) and thus oppose the use of nuclear power .
However , they do not consider the fact that fossil fuel is depleting quickly ( How much Fossil fuel are left ?
Moreover , the cost of nuclear energy can be made lower through research and adopting nuclear energy in a large scale .
Although nuclear energy is expensive now , we should be far-sighted and consider the potential of nuclear energy becoming an affordable energy source in the future .
With high thermal efficiency , SWCR is able to produce electricity at a price comparable to fossil fuel reactors ( Butler , 2004 ) .
For the sustainability of our modern lifestyle , funding for research on SWCR should increase .
Many people oppose developing nuclear energy because of the large amount of money required for its infrastructure ( Wald , 2008 ) .
Unlike green energy , which is unstable and can not be produced on demand ( Wald , 2008 ) , nuclear power is dependable at all time .
In conclusion , funding for SWCR 's research should be increased as it is the best investment for energy .
In conclusion , the public reject nuclear energy for fear of nuclear arms proliferation , the perception that nuclear energy is expensive and the thinking that a nuclear reactor is costly to build .
However , the use of an open loop fuel system in SWCR can prevent the proliferation of nuclear arms .
Moreover , nuclear energy has the greatest potential for fulfilling our demands .
As such , it is logical that we support research on SWCR .
In 1986 , the Chernobyl Nuclear Power Plant in Ukraine exploded , resulting in a massive power explosion and many deaths caused by radiation poisoning .
Among all the reasons of the explosion , there were three main causes which led to the function failure of the nuclear power plant .
Some people believe that some design problems of the nuclear plant system could not have been properly solved with the condition of technology at that time .
Besides , no matter how advanced and well-designed the control system was , the machine was processed by man and it could never predict human errors which occurred by chance and were dependent on people 's emotions .
By iteration of analysis and systematic feedback to the machine , the mistake could have been detected early even before the machine was built .
It sped up the separation of atoms which caused such a serious explosion .
The workers , who were in charge of the building of engineering segments , would have been aware of the uses of their product and more careful when making important parts of machines .
The information of designing and processing would have been better channeled and translated to all the people concerned , if they iincorporated psychology into the process engineering stage .
Moreover , the main nuclear reactor in the plant had been constructed without any secure containment , which led to radial active containment freely escaping into atmosphere .
According to a 2005 report by the Chernobyl Forumeight U.N. organizations , the nuclear plant was designed by Soviet experienced engineers ( West , 2005 ) .
Most of them had participated in the design of first generation nuclear reactors .
In this case , if a psychologist was employed , he would have seen the engineers ' dilemma and used a psychological approach to help them overcome their bias .
In addition , although human errors were also accounted for in the nuclear explosion , they were not totally unpreventable .
To sum up , if psychology was applied in the design engineering stage , feedback loops would have functioned to minimize human errors in the process .
Psychology can reduce misunderstanding between designers and processors , helping information to be better channeled and decreasing the probability of misunderstanding .
In conclusion , a psychology approach could prevent engineering accidents , regardless of different possible mistakes which may occur in the process .
The world can not forget what happened in Three Mile Island in 1979 .
( World Nuclear Association , 2001 ) . The incident raised the fears of the public over nuclear power .
Therefore , engineers design the Very High Temperature Reactor to make it safer .
However , there come some controversies concerning the issue that the VHTR requires very complicated technologies and very high cost construction compared to the Sodium Cooled Fast Reactor .
Though many people criticize the VHTR for its great cost and immature technology , the VHTR should be popularized . The essay will discuss why based on three aspects : security , performance and cost .
People still worry about the radioactivity a reactor sends out so they think the sodium cooled reactor is safer .
I agree with the idea that safety should always be a concern .
Sodium is very chemically active and it can react with the core .
Moreover , sodium ge radioactive and we can not imagine what it will be like when the coolant is exposed to the outside .
The VHTR has great advantages in security over other reactors like the sodium cooled fast reactor .
Helium is an inert gas ; it will not chemically react with any other material .
Meanwhile , helium is radioactive when it is radiated , unlike other coolants .
Even if all helium comes out of the reactor , it still causes little effect on the environment .
If the system loses control , its core temperature will rise and finally melts .
The possibility of a sodium cooled reactor to melt is about one reactor per year .
A VHTR is about one reactor per year
( Baidu,2007 ) . When the system finds something wrong , it will automatically stop working and cool down the temperature to a safe level .
The VHTR has an average heat efficiency of 40 % , and the one designed by ESKOM company in South Africa even has efficiency of 47 %
( Baidu Baike,2007 ) . The heat efficiency of sodium cooled reactor is only 20 % .
For example , one spends 1 billion dollars to build a 200MW VHTR while one builds a 100MW sodium one that costs 0.5billion dollars .
Thus , the overall benefit of the sodium reactor is too little compared to the Very High Temperature Reactor .
Another group of people thinks the sodium cooled reactor will cause less problems to the materials than the VHTR .
With the advancement in technology , humans can now experience the joy of swimming long hours inside deep waters or even step on the far away moon .
Well , to have the opportunity for those is great ; but unlike many of us with flawless senses , for those with impairments in senses , a blessed feeling would be to see a flower , smell its fragrance , hear a bird or sing along to a song .
Fortunately , those with the talent and education required to invent such things are using existing technologies and extending them to suit human purposes .
For complete understanding of the invention , it is important that we learn its exact built .
The screen displays are of two types : one with a visual of an individual enjoying the music corresponding to the beat or a mosaic of lines and circles triggered by the music .
It is the fact that sound travels through matter as vibration .
The hearing impaired can not detect sound that travels through air but their skin , bone and muscle can detect sound vibrations that travel through solid matter such as wood and cotton .
Studies conducted to test the effectiveness of the chair show that the chair indeed has great potential .
The tests have been done on forty three participants including those who are fully deaf , partially deaf and those who lost their hearing later in their life .
Even though a direct correlation is unseen here , it is the study of sound that inspired the thesis of this design .
Speaking in plain terms would be to admit that their music experience is not fully compatible with that of one with normal hearing where they hear the lyrics , etc .
Musical understanding would be limited to beat , tone and volume alone .
Since it is a new technology , many refinements could still be made .
Given that it is also equipped with many speakers , heavy cushion , and accessories , the chair uses much space and has quite limited mobility .
Since there are foundations for the benefit of the hearing impaired , one step that could be taken is to unite these institutes and the developers of this technology together to ensure that research continues .
This innovation is for the better living of the hearing impaired and with the help of those currently involved , the developers could create an advanced version in the near future .
Innovations are for the betterment of the living conditions of humans , especially and convenience in their life .
It is the energy problem .
In fact , although the problem came into being a long time ago , we started to pay enough attention to it just recently .
We all know that the world 's energy reserves are limited , especially fossil fuel widely used all the time .
It is said that by the end of this century fossil fuel , which consists of gas , coal and oil , will be used up .
In other words , we do not have any fossil fuel to use in nearly ninety years ' time .
Thus , nuclear reactors started being built in some countries .
However , these days fewer and fewer nuclear reactors are being planned to be built because of public opposition .
Here we will use the supercritical-water-cooled reactors to illustrate that among all the generation IV reactors it is the only one which only uses water as its coolant and the wastes are optionally recyclable .
Besides , it does not need very high temperature and can produce a large amount of electricity . The only obvious weak point may be the high pressure needed .
It seems to be the best among the six reactors in my mind .
They think that accidents are possible in nuclear plants .
For example , one of the reactors in Chernobyl plant , Ukrainian Soviet Socialist Republic , once exploded .
What was worse , further explosions and the resulting fire sent a plume of highly radioactive fallout into the atmosphere and covered an extensive geographical area which in fact became a nightmare for the local people .
However , the truth is that in more than 12700 cumulative reactor-years of commercial operation in 32 countries , there have been only two major accidents including the one we have mentioned above .
There is actually no need to be very worried .
To achieve nuclear safety furthermore , we also need to develop high-quality design & construction and invent equipment to prevent operational disturbances developing into problems .
Of course , some people may say that the high risk of nuclear reactors may make them become the target of terrorists .
It was such a disaster that led to over 6000 deaths even though it had nothing to do with nuclear power .
Imagine if the attack happened in a nuclear plant , what would have been the consequence ?
In fact , we do not need to be very scared because of this point .
Tests have shown that concrete structures used in reactor domes can withstand battering .
Besides , governments have emphasized the importance of hardening nuclear power reactors .
Therefore , it is not very easy for terrorists to attack nuclear reactors .
When it comes to the cost , many people may think building nuclear reactors is quite an expensive process .
Moreover , a successfully operated nuclear plant is much more environmentally friendly than coal or gas power stations , which means a relatively lower waste disposal cost .
Indeed , nuclear reactors have their own advantages on both cost and performance .
Also , what people worry about , like security , is actually not very bad .
Therefore , further research and development funding for nuclear reactors is necessary for our society since it is a good way to solve the energy problem .
At the same time , the alternatives have to be cleaner so that the current global warming situation will not be aggravated ( Butler , 2004 ) .
One of the nuclear reactors , the Supercritical Water Cooled Reactor ( SCWR ) , has been proven to be one of the excellent methods to generate cheap and safe power for consumption .
Although there are criticisms cited about its flaws , it is still a reactor which is worth to be developed ( Idaho National Library , 2009 ) .
Among the Generation IV nuclear reactors , the SCWR has the lowest development cost which is based on economic , safety and sustainability factors ( Cogeneration Technologies , 2003 ) .
Comparing with other forms of Generation IV reactors , the SCWR does not require high development cost as it uses existing technologies such as Light Water Reactors ( LWRs ) and supercritical fossil-fired boilers .
Although critics highlighted that further research and development is required for systems components ( such as vessel and pressure tubes ) , which in turn demands more funds .
Secondly , the SCWR systems are able to produce great performance with its unique characteristics .
It is able to produce high thermal efficiency of about 45 % versus about 33 % efficiency for current LWRs , which translates to greater energy output ( Danielyan , 2003 ) .
This is due to its ability to operate at higher pressure and temperature ( at 550 degree Celsius ) in a single phase operation , unlike the current LWRs that need recirculation of heat and components like jet pumps and steam generators .
The other Generation IV reactors , such as Very High Temperature Reactor ( VHTR ) , also produce high thermal efficiency at about 50 % and at a high temperature of 1000 degree Celsius ( Butler , 2009 ) .
Hence , SCWR should be used instead of other Generation IV reactors .
Lastly , research and development ( R&D ) is crucially needed as this is the most important aspect needed as part of the implementation of any Generation IV reactor ( Butler 2004 ) .
For example , VHTR requires research to be done on the reactors ( specifically pebble bed type core and prismatic block core ) , power conversion unit , and its production of hydrogen ( supply for future energy source ) .
These are very complex research undertakings could take a long period of time and requires collaboration with partners across the world ( Carre , 2006 ) .
Although Dr Buongiorno highlighted that this " was not easy " to be done , he and his research team collaborated with researchers from University of Michigan , the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and Westinghouse to do research by testing new materials under the supercritical condition ( Buongiorno , 2003 ) .
This is a much promising system for its potential for low development cost , better performance and least research and development processes .
Although there are odds in proving the system 's efficiency , it is a great investment for a better future ( Idaho National Library , 2009 ) .
Assessing Gas-cooled Fast Reactors for Generation IV Services To meet the energy demands of the 21st century , a new generation of nuclear reactors termed as Generation IV , is being developed .
One of the most popular concepts of the Generation IV is gas-cooled fast reactors ( GFR ) , which use a direct-cycle helium turbine for electricity generation or hydrogen production with a high efficiency ( Hejzar , Pope , Williams , & Driscoll , 2005 ) .
However , there are concerns about the impact of its radioactive waste on the environment and its safety in operation ( Butler , 2004 ) .
Although GFR has certain deficiencies at this stage , further R&D funding should be supported because it has three main advantages in terms of sustainability , safety and industrial applications .
Opponents of GFR point out that it is inevitable for nuclear reactors to produce radioactive waste which has destructive effects , and due to the high cost of pollutant management , it seems impossible to install nuclear reactors without any radioactive emissions .
However , a research conducted by the MIT GFR development team ( Hejzar , Pope , Williams , & Driscoll , 2005 ) , shows that it is possible to develop a closed fuel cycle with full transuranics ( TRU ) recycling so that all TRUs will be recycled with losses of 0.1 % or less .
The long-term waste will be substantially reduced in the core with a conversion ratio to be close to 1.0 ( Girardin , et al. , 2008 ) .
Hence , the GFR system is highly-ranked in sustainability among all the nuclear reactors and this makes it a favorable energy supply in the future .
Fortunately , under Generation IV International Forum , a number of research deals with this safety problem using " passive decay heat removal options " ( Girardin , et al. , 2008 ) .
In the design of the GFR system , combined systems of both active cooling and passive cooling are applied : active systems are used to remove the decays of heat at high power level , then passive systems will take over after 24 hours when decay heat is reduced to 0.5 % .The active part defends the system in the first place and the passive part only with the pressure achieved after depressurization .
In this way , less human labor is involved in the operation of GFR and thus accident risks are minimized .
Some also claim that GFR can hardly change the energy supply scenario in the globe because nuclear energy today is mainly utilized to generate electricity , which only accounts for 16 % of the total energy consumption ( Herranz , Linares , & Moratilla , 2009 ) .
However , except for electricity generation , the future GFR is predicted to achieve an excellent thermal performance based on a direct Brayton cycle configuration .
Herranz , Linares , & Moratilla ( 2009 ) predict that GFR can use a few hundred MWs to produce heat at a very high temperature.This will satisfy most heat applications of industrial processes .
Besides , some scientists suggest that the thermal efficiency of GFR can probably be increased from the present level 30 % to higher than 50 % with no additional economic penalty ( Herranz , Linares , & Moratilla , 2009 ) .
To summarize , GRF can be a favorable energy supply because it can achieve a wider range of industry applications with minimized radioactive waste .
Moreover , it better ensures safety during operation so that accident risk is lowered .
Hence , to make such energy supply possible in the future , the development of the GFR system should be funded .
Scientists debate whether using a large amount of nuclear power as an energy resource might bring human benefits .
Although some scientists argue that nuclear power has negative effects on the environment ( it is not safe or secure ) , there is evidence which shows nuclear power yields great benefits such as protecting the environment and is safer than using traditional power .
In addition , the appearance of nuclear weapons can not be avoided when nuclear power is developed .
Opponents of the use of nuclear power claim that it has negative impact on the environment because of some accidents which had happened before .
Despite the fact that nuclear power plant accidents really result in environmental contamination , it is still relatively not very bad contrasted with the pollution produced by traditional power generation .
Nuclear power plants produce electricity by using Uranium , but not burning of fuel .
A research report from University of Michigan ( Ilan Lipper&Jon Stone , 2009 ) shows that USA 's nuclear power plants reduce electric generating emissions of greenhouse gases by 20 percent , or 128 trillion tons per year .
In addition , nuclear power alleviates global carbon dioxide production which is one of the major contributors to global warming .
If 16 percent of the world 's electricity generated by nuclear power plants is replaced by generating using coal , 1,600 million tons of CO2 will be annually produced .
They say that the accidents caused by nuclear power plants caused huge harm to humans .
At Three Mile Island ( World Nuclear Association , 2009 ) , no people died and no one was injured .
At Chernobyl ( World Nuclear Association , 2009 ) , about 50 people died , and 1,500 people suffered from diseases due to radioactive emission .
However , diseases could be treated successfully so less than ten people died .
Compared with people who died in coal mining disasters , this number is very small .
The total number of people who died during the coal mining accidents is obviously far more than this number .
The final argument advanced by opponents of the use of nuclear power is that nuclear power can be used to create mass destruction nuclear weapons .
In addition , in the project Apollo 13 , a huge number of new technologies was developed and applied to spacecraft .
Later Americans used these new technologies to create new powerful missiles .
Hence , the appearance of nuclear weapons can not be avoided when nuclear power is developed .
Moreover , it can help to protect the environment and is much safer than using traditional energy resources .
Hence , in my opinion , using a large amount of nuclear power as an energy resource can bring about human benefits .
Global warming and increasing energy demands revive the need for nuclear energy .
Aiming at providing " safe , abundant , reliable , inexpensive and proliferation resistant " , generation IV nuclear reactors ( six concepts ) would operate at high temperatures that enhance productivity and efficiency .
In spite of the controversies , the " very-high-temperature reactor " which is independent of reprocessing nuclear waste and generates hydrogen as by-product , is the most feasible one among the six .
" says Ed Gersterner , a senior editor of Nature Physics .
In recent years , reprocessing nuclear waste has become an alternative . Reprocessing nuclear waste could cut the final amount of waste produced ; meanwhile , uranium and plutonium could be recovered and reused .
Hence , the supporters believe that the new generation of nuclear reactors should make use of this technology .
" they argue .
Reprocessing the nuclear waste requires great economic and political cost .
The Energy Department of US recently estimated that a reprocessing plant with an annual capacity of 2,000 metric tons of spent fuel would cost up to $ 20 billion to build while the cost premium for reprocessing would need an extra $ 3 to $ 4.5 billion per year .
Secondly , the action engenders global security , which includes preventing terrorism and nuclear weapon proliferation .
To save the environment , we need nuclear energy urgently , excluding nuclear reprocessing .
Therefore , among the six new concepts , only VHTR and SCWR fit the condition .
Due to current technology , hydrogen produced by nuclear reactors is not enough to completely replace gasoline for transport demands , the opponents argue .
They also raise concerns about corresponding infrastructures such as " hydrogen-fuelled cars " and " hydrogen-stations " which have not yet been widely implemented .
" words from Jeffery.D.Sachs , director of the Earh Institute at Columbia Universtiy . This implies that gasoline is replaced not only by hydrogen , but also electricity , biofuel , and solar energy .
The more hydrogen is put into use , the better the situation could be .
Besides , hydrogen technology is developing rapidly .
In conclusion , the Very-high-temperature reactor is the most practical and efficient one among the six concepts .
However , because more resources are used to produce environmental issues are more serious , for example , global warming and water pollution .
To solve these two serious issues , nuclear energy has been proposed as the solution for many years .
Many countries have built nuclear plants which have developed into generation IV .
I think it is necessary and feasible to build VHTR to solve our energy problems , although some people hold opposite ideas .
They say that related departments have to spend too much money on plants and revenues can not cover the cost .
So they think it is not worth it .
However , the cost for VHTR is not as costly as we think it is .
It costs only 670 million dollars .
Furthermore , according to " A Technology Roadmap " ( 2002 ) , the VHTR can generate electricity with high efficiency ( over 50 % at 1000 ° C ) , whereas other reactors can normally have an efficiency of 33 % -50 % .
Opponents also argue that building VTHR is not safe .
They give the Chernobyl nuclear accident as an example to show how dangerous it is to build such plants .
First , VHTR uses helium as coolant .
Additionally , in " Thermal Performance and Flow Instabilities " ( n..d. ) , it is said that exposing helium to radiation does not make it radioactive , unlike most other possible coolants .
For instance , the reactor and gas turbine system is separated from the hydrogen production plant during abnormal events at a hydrogen production plant .
Some people think that VHTR is not environmentally friendly .
They argue that plants can pollute the environment and waste can not be dealt with well .
However , they do not realize that building VTHR is mainly for solving environmental problems .
If we utilize traditional resources , such as coal , gas and petrol , there will be much more emission of carbon dioxide .
On the other hand , VHTR discharges no carbon dioxide and the hydrogen it produces is the cleanest fuel ever found .
Also , Shropshire and Herring ( 2004 ) ) said that VHTR 's waste will be reprocessed according to form and will meet the acceptance criteria of the repository .
So , compared with the traditional way , building VHTR is much more environmentally friendly .
To sum up , it is better to build VHTR to solve our energy problems .
Engineers have overcome the difficulties with cost , safety and environment .
Hope we can benefit a lot from VHTR .
Dealing with the current increasing demand for energy and the threat of global warming , the Generation IV International Forum ( GIF ) came up with six generation IV nuclear reactors which are believed to be able to help address the problems by 2025 ( Butler , 2004 ) .
Based on studies ( Elder & Allen , 2009 ) , these nuclear reactors are capable of replacing gasoline with hydrogen in the long run with its enhanced efficiencies .
However , the public professes strong opposition against the building of nuclear reactors .
Nevertheless , there is strong evidence that the very-high-temperature reactor ( VHTR ) , one of the six generation IV nuclear reactors , could bring positive results through funding further its research and development .
According to Butler ( 2004 ) , further funding for the research and development of VHTR would mean that there will be increasing demand to build a lot more nuclear power plants with the hope of replacing gasoline with hydrogen .
This would result in an especially high cost for the government to bear .
Yet , the opposing argument ignores the fact that building more nuclear power plants will need time and good management to achieve full results in the long run ( Greenwald , 1991 ) .
Supporters argue that with nuclear power plants being built , it will contribute to countries by the use of hydrogen being produced for other important uss such as direct fuel or as feedstock ( Farbman & Brecher , 1975 ) .
In addition , nuclear power plants offer life-cycle cost advantage over other energy resources ( Perera , 2004 ) .
It is believed that countries will profit with the effort and large investments being made to build the plants .
Next , Butler ( 2004 ) states that incidents such as the Chernobyl and Three Mile Island which occurred years ago , highly traumatized the public , thus casting doubts on the performance of the new generation IV nuclear reactors being proposed by the GIF .
According to Butler ( 2004 ) , it has been found that VHTR has the abilities to convert heat and generate 1.5 times of electricity compared to generation nuclear power plants being used currently .
Then , another opposing argument being raised states that building nuclear power plants will make countries more vulnerable to terrorist attacks as plutonium is a key ingredient to nuclear weapons ( Butler , 2004 ) .
Also , destruction of nuclear plant will emit radioactive substances which will be detrimental to the whole world ( Elder & Allen , 2009 ) .
However , research studies ( Butler , 2004 ) show that VHTR does not undergo waste recycling ; the waste being produced will go directly to a repository leading to less possibility of obtaining plutonium ingredients to make nuclear weapons , thus , increased the security of countries .
The new generation nuclear reactors prove to be more effective in terms of cost , performance and security .
Supporters and experts believe that nuclear hydrogen production by VHTR has the potential to meet the nuclear energy needs of the future .
Hence , VHTR , one of the generation IV reactor concepts , should be supported for further research and development funding .
Nuclear-related issues have always been one of the most important issues .
As early as after World War II ended , the fear for nuclear research will bring about nuclear weapons has created a situation whereby nuclear researches are kept under strict government regulation .
According to a report " World population may reach 9.2 billion by 2050 " from the Associated Press , the world 's population is expected to expand from 6.2 billion to 9.2 million by the end of 2050 which will lead to an increase in the demand for energy .
Therefore , groups of international experts were organized to take up research to develop new concepts for nuclear reactors .
Thus , by comparing the Generation IV reactor concept with the previous generations , we can discover significant advantages .
They are manageable nuclear waste , better safety performance and secure nuclear energy .
Among the concepts , the most beneficial reactor seems to be the Molten Salt Reactor ( MSR ) compared to the Very-High-Temperature Reactor ( VHTR ) and other 4 .
According to the Roadmap for Generation IV from an e-book , VHTR is equipped with a Back-Up emergency core cooling system .
MSR , on the other hand , is proved to be much safer compared to VHTR .
In the process of reacting , no high pressure steam is required within the core which means that there will not .
In the event of overheating , instead of using additional coolant , fuel salt will be forced to overflow and the overflow will be safely stored in a tank with the cooling system .
Because VHTR operates at a very high temperature which is near 1000oC , it is proven to have the ability to convert the heat energy to electricity efficiently .
In addition , it is able to produce hydrogen gas which is useful because of hydrogen 's role in emission-free hydrogen fuel cells that can be used in transportation .
But because of the high operating temperature , it means that the materials being used must have the ability to withstand extremely high temperature in order to sustain the process and therefore additional cost is needed to research and purchase these materials .
MSR uses a multi-reheat helium Brayton cycle which is a simplified balance of plants with lower cost and improved efficiency .
Because of the low cost ,
The overall plant efficiency of the VHTR is also greater than that of an MSR .
The attractive feature of this MSR fuel cycle is that the fission products have shorter-lived radioactivity .
Therefore , I conclude that MSR has a better chance over the other reactors .
In the long run , there will be a shortage of non-renewable sources of energy .
This raises a need to apply new technology to create power , and building new nuclear reactors such as the very-high-temperature reactors would be a choice to consider .
Supporters of new nuclear power plants claim that building new plants will provide unemployed people with job opportunities , both in the construction phase and operation phase .
However , building new power plants only provides workers with temporary work .
Moreover , the new generation reactors require skilled engineers to operate .
If governments spend the funds on building nuclear power reactors , which , according to The U.S. Department of Energy 's Office of Nuclear Energy ( 2009 ) , is approximately US $ 70.0 million in Fiscal Year 2009 , to do research on agriculture or some other necessary matters , they could help decreasing famine and poverty and provide work for millions of people .
Although it has been substantiated that smoke released from burning coal is the largest contributor to human-made increase of CO2 in the air , there are still several unpolluted and renewable replacements such as solar , wind , and tidal energy .
They are free and environmental-friendly sources of energy that we can use in the future .
One typical example is the Chernobyl accident in Ukraine in 1986 , which resulted from a flawed reactor design .
Within 4 months , 28 people died from radiation or thermal burns ; another 19 had subsequently died , and there had been around 9 deaths from thyroid cancer apparently due to the accident .
As of 2004 , a total of 56 fatalities had been recorded ( World Nuclear Association , 2009 ) .
In a journal in 2004 , Butler showed that the radioactive waste of very-high-temperature reactors is not recycled ; instead , it goes directly to the repository .
This raises awareness of the possibility that waste may be leaked either inadvertently or purposefully and may cause another disastrous catastrophe .
Nuclear energy is a promising source of energy that can replace the traditional power that we use nowadays .
However , it is still in the researching process , which means that many other problems concerning health matters and the efficiency of the concept could arise before it can reach the final stage .
Hence , developing countries should first focus on dealing with poverty and unemployment before they can use funds to build new nuclear reactors .
Only when the issue is solved and the process of researching generation IV reactors reaches a stable state should these countries channel funding into developing generation IV reactors .
Engineering psychology is defined as the analysis of how man behaves in the designing or constructing of equipment or man-made environments for better usage .
On March 27 , 1977 , at the Los Rodeos airport , a massive shockwave shook the control towers as the airport witnessed the collision of 2 Boeing 747s , PA1736 and KLM4805 , taking the lives of 522 people .
However , in my opinion , the implementation of psychology could have helped to anticipate some events that led to the accident , therefore allowing designers to prepare for such emergencies .
Still , designers failed to improve the airport to accommodate larger planes such as the Boeing 747 , even when it was widely used at that point in time .
The use of psychology in this case could have helped designers to anticipate that the airport would eventually see a Boeing 747 and thus make the necessary preparations .
One step that could have been taken would be to remove sharp 148-degree turns that the PA1736 , a 747 , would not be able to take .
One way to do so would have been by the implementation of psychology in the compilation of radio convention .
Should proper psychology have been used in the development of the phrasing convention initially , the pilot would not have executed take off before the clearance was given and hence preventing the accident .
It is the energy produced by the fusion of atoms in the nucleus .
Infinite nuclear power forms in the nucleus due to the extremely strong force inside every atom in it .
From this the atomic bomb was developed in the Alamogordo close to the desert on July 16 , 1945.The energy produced by nuclei explosion will cause a lot of heat .
Nuclear reactors are being built by engineers who make and distribute the nuclear energy .
This is relatively cheap , safe and it produces greater output efficiency .
The Generation IV International Forum ( GIF ) has researched on the six different types of nuclear reactor methods which they think will produce nuclear energy .
Among this six reactor technologies , I am going to argue why people should make further research and development on Supercritical-water-cooled reactors ( SCWR ) .
After the Three Mile Island Explosion people have had bad impression of nuclear energy .
However , according to a survey done by the Nuclear Energy Institute on September 29 , 2008 , 74 percent of Americans support nuclear energy while 24 percent oppose .
In addition , it does not produce carbon dioxide which can lead to global warming .
Then , there are still technical problems in inventing the next generation of reactors .
That is why if researchers can overcome the problem , then the new generation will have energy which is " clean , secure , plentiful , dependable , cost-effective , secure from terrorist attacks and proliferation resistant " .
In the article " Psychology and the Design Process " , Bernhard asserts that the accident at TMI was caused by the 'little understood interaction of factors ' from different system levels , rather than a 'single component failure ' or technical error ( Bernhard 2007 ) .
In other words , should we have better understood this interaction of factors , and anticipated the possible errors during the design process , we could actually prevent the accident at TMI from happening .
We assert that if these factors had more holistically been considered , then the outcome could have been reversed .
Rather , " It was the subsequent series of baffling and contradictory information that made plant operators shut off the emergence water system that would have cooled the core " ( Chana Gazit 1999 ) , turning the problem into a mishap .
However , due to overwhelming possibilities for error , such introspection for potential sources of error is almost practically impossible during the design process .
This premise leads to their conclusion that nothing could have been done , on the part of psychology , to change the situation should things go wrong .
Such models are set to ensure that there is no chance for an accident to occur , and if it does , be quickly resolved before it becomes a catastrophe .
The fact that such models were not considered during the design process at TMI shows the lack of preparatory work from commitment ( Bernhard 2007 ) , one of Bernhard 's major areas of psychological consideration .
Now , one of the ways the use of psychology could have possibly prevented the accident at TMI would be during the design process ( Bernhard 2007 ) .
Should greater consideration be placed on the designing of the valve to ensure accurate feedback ( and potential safety ) when the reactor core is not functioning as per normal , it can be argued that the problem would have been identified by then , and a meltdown would not have occurred then .
Moreover , it was evident that there was inadequate monitoring and evaluating of implementations at TMI ( Bernhard 2007 ) .
According to the account provided by the World Nuclear association , the operators reduced the flow of replacement water because their training told them that the water level was the only indication of the amount of cooling water in the reactor .
This gives rise to the psychological concept of Schemas or a human 's collection of information and practiced evocation of knowledge , behavior or required action... ( Illinois 2008 ) .
From the above arguments , we can see that the considerations of psychology are much more than a convenient 'tag-along ' during both the design and the execution process .
Hence , design considerations have to be constantly tied into the man-machine interface to ensure that both man and machine are at ease during operation and prepared when problems arise .
But in the meantime , we have definitely proven that the use of psychology is mandatory , and could definitely have prevented the TMI accident , had relevant safety considerations been made during its design process .
However , further research and development of nuclear power plants could also raise widespread concern for human safety that results from worries about both massive radioactive releases due to power plant meltdown or terrorist attack and the access these nuclear reactors provide to the materials that can be used to make nuclear weapons .
In spite of the growing concern , the Supercritical-Water-cooled Reactor ( SCWR ) , representing advances in sustainability , economics , safety , reliability and proliferation-resistance ( Idaho National Laboratory , 2007 ) , is the proper concept for further research and development .
However , the cost-effectiveness is inconclusive .
In October 2008 , the cost of building one nuclear plant was estimated to be roughly S $ 9 billion .
Additionally , since the Supercritical-Water-cooled Reactor uses supercritical water as coolant , its design features considerable simplification by reducing the containment volume and eliminating the need for recirculation and jet pumps , pressurizers , steam generators , steam separators and dryers ( Idaho National Laboratory , 2007 ) .
Moreover , the simplified safety features of the Supercritical-Water-cooled Reactor are independent of all the sophisticated backup systems or experienced operators .
Till date , there are 436 active nuclear power plants and they generate more than 370,221 Megawatts of electricity which constitute 16 % of the world 's total energy consumption .
Therefore , I feel that we should allow further research and development funding for nuclear energy so that it can be our future source of energy .
There are 6 new generation IV reactor concepts which have been developed : gas-cooled reactor , lead-cooled reactor , molten salt reactor , sodium-cooled fast reactor and very-high-temperature reactor .
A concept similar to that of VHTR has been tested out in Oarai , Japan and the test run was successful as it reached its operating goal of 950 Degree Celsius .
As the reactor operates at such a high temperature , it can be used to split hydrogen from water thermochemically .
Furthermore , terrorist attacks on nuclear plants will not be of great destruction as compared to the 911 incident .
The percentage of destruction on a nuclear plant by a large aircraft being used to attack a nuclear facility with the purpose of releasing radioactive materials is close to zero .
However , workers need not worry about them as radiation doses are controlled by the use of remote handling equipment , physical shielding and limiting the time workers spend in the nuclear plant .
( Ball , Roberts & Simpson , 1994 ) Therefore , we can say that nuclear plants are the safest to work in compared to other energy generation plants .
New equipments that will protect workers from radiation doses can be obtained through research and development .
The Bhopal nuclear incident which was due to worker 's carelessness still induces fear among people .
However , critics may argue that human error can not be avoided if humans are involved in the process .
Therefore , we need research and development to explore the possibility of computerizing the operating process .
Cost and performance of nuclear plants are two of the main factors that people will look into before deciding whether to invest in them .
Cost will include the operating and maintenance cost and performance is determined by the amount of output energy a nuclear plant can achieve .
DOE Nuclear Energy Research Advisory Committee and the Generation IV International Forum in December 2002 , the estimated cost of building and maintaining a VHTR nuclear plant is one of the lowest compared to the other generation IV reactor concepts .
The article also stated that the efficiency of VHTR exceeds fifty percent , which is the highest among the six reactors .
We can not deny that the advantages of having VHTR are gained through years of research and development .
Therefore , we can not stop the research and development process if we want to continue to have a better energy source .
As we trace the history of nuclear power since 1942 till today , we can see that there is a vast improvement in the field of nuclear energy in terms of global security , operational safety , automation of the process , cost and performance .
We can not be contended with the results that we currently have .
One of the Generation IV concepts is sodium-cooled fast reactors .
However , opponents may argue that the funding for such reactors may not be useful as they are expensive to construct and the resources used in the funding of the nuclear reactors could be used to further enhance renewable resources currently available .
They also argue that nuclear reactors are not safe as there have been previous accidents in nuclear plants .
However , opponents might argue that resources could be diverted to more research into renewable resources .
However , research has been done and no potential has been reported for further improving the process of tapping renewable energy . But there is potential in nuclear power and hence the funding is required to carry on .
Furthermore , the world today requires more energy and the energy demand is not met with the existing renewable resources as they have their own limitations .
However the Prime Minister of Italy , Berlusconi , and the President of France , Nicolas Sarkozy , signed an agreement which states that the two countries would work together to bring back nuclear power in Italy .
Initially , Italy had no back up energy source on its own and needed to depend on other countries .
In fact , Italy had more than 80 % of its energy supplied by other countries .
If the country supplying power to Italy decides to stop exporting power to it , Italy 's economy would come to a halt .
For example , citizens living in the village Banthara did not participate in the elections in India as they were upset over having little access to electricity ( Hajela , 2009 ) .
This would bring profit for the reactors .
The Massachusetts Institute of Technology reported that more than 40 percent of the greenhouse gases produced would be attributed to the burning of fossil fuels by 2020 ( Sullivan , 2008 ) .
The energy after the uranium is burnt in the fission process is used to vaporize water to produce steam which is then used to turn turbine to produce electricity ( Gache , 2007 ) .
Moreover , if power from six nuclear reactors is used in Australia instead of fossil fuels , the greenhouse emission in Australia alone would be reduced by 4 % .
Hence , further research and funding are necessary for generation IV concepts as they help reduce the effect of global warming .
The generation IV reactors are not only safe to operate as they are machine operated , but they also reduce greenhouse gases that the current energy sources produce .
Whenever people hear of the word " nuclear " , they usually associate this word with nuclear warfare , radiation emitted by nuclear and all the possible detrimental impacts that nuclear power can cause ( Donald , 2004 ) .
People have this misconception because they think that nuclear power is actually a very lethal " weapon " .
However , the public usually forgets the fact that nuclear power can actually be a rich source of energy and is able to have a substantial effect on the reduction of cost and environmental pollution .
Moreover , with the advancement of technology , nuclear fission and waste disposal of nuclear energy can be assured of safety ( Partha , n.d ) .
This is much cheaper compared to using oil which costs 18 cents per KWh or using coal which costs about 4 cents per KWh ( Economics of Nuclear Power , 2009 ) .
However , for fossil fuels , the most optimistic estimate on their remaining years is about two hundred years ( Enzler , 1998 ) .
However , the US Department of Energy , just like France , has vowed to ensure the safe disposal of nuclear waste by transmuting problem components of nuclear fuel into less harmful components and burying them deep into the ground ( Nuclear Power and the Environment , n.d ) .
If we were to compare the amount of greenhouse gases and poisonous gases emitted by fossil fuels in contrast to that by nuclear energy when operating the reactors , there is an astonishing statistics showing the huge amount of harmful gases emitted by fossil fuel .
2249 pounds of carbon dioxide and thirteen pounds of sulphur dioxide are being produced in the production of 1MWh of electricity ( Nuclear Power and the Environment , n.d ) .
When the amount of gases produced by fossil fuels is compared with that by nuclear power plants , the latter will definitely be the wise choice for energy purpose because it produces zero carbon dioxide and zero poisonous gas .
Only with the usage of nuclear reactor are we then able to claim the title of being environmental friendly .
The fear of using nuclear reactors as a cover up for making nuclear bombs is even more prominent .
VHTR is designed in such a way that in the event of an accident occurring , there will be a temperature control sensor to switch off the nuclear reactor automatically .
Security guards and cameras can also be used to monitor the safety operation of a nuclear power plant and ensure that the power plant is free from terrorists .
All the research and funding for the VHTR are definitely worth the money and effort with regards to the security issue of nuclear power plants ( Nuclear Energy Information Centre , 2006 ) .
There is definitely no question that producing an increasing share of electric power using nuclear fuel in lieu of fossil fuels will reduce greenhouse gases emissions .
Furthermore , the cost of operating nuclear reactors is low in comparison to operating fossil fuel power plants .
There is no doubt that more research and funding should be allocated to generation IV reactors , especially VHTR , which opens a new arena for nuclear energy as VHTR incorporates the safety of nuclear reactors and also provides low cost of nuclear energy for users .
Firstly , for security reasons , opponents of the new reactors insist that terrorists could easily make nuclear reactors one of their targets .
However , one could question why the terrorists did not fly the plane into the twin reactors .
In fact , the core of the present nuclear plants is already well protected by strong materials and there is a safety plan ( Goldstein , 23 September 2009 ) .
This causes citizens to oppose strongly against the nuclear waste being stored near them .
Moreover the impact of global warming is growing and is of immediate concern to the world and nuclear power helps solve the problem by reducing the emission of carbon dioxide by a total of 31,243 MtC in 2050 in France and Canada alone .
If the world does not cooperate to support VHTR or nuclear power , it is difficult to find an alternative that could produce energy that is clean and affordable in the long run .
As a result , the world might see an increasing number of casualties due to global warming .
In recent years , oil prices have been soaring to new heights and this reflects the high energy demands all over the world and the limited supply of fossil fuels .
This sounds the siren for us to find an effective source of alternative energy before the fossil fuels that we depend so much on run out .
Since energy harvested from nuclear reactors is highly efficient and has low material cost , it is seen as a good source of alternative energy .
A nuclear reactor is very similar to a typical coal burning power plant where water is heated into pressurized steam which drives the turbine generator .
The only difference is the type of fuel used to heat up the water .
( Butler , 2004 ) But public opposition due to several factors such as terrorism , safety , renewability and environmental issues has caused few reactors to be built over the past decade .
Although nuclear energy should not be seen as the only solution to depleting fossil fuels , due to its ability to generate a huge amount of energy using a small amount of resources , its development should be encouraged .
Further research and development and funding for generation IV reactors such as the Molten Salt Reactor ( MSR ) have benefits outweighing the disadvantages with respect to security , cost and environmental concerns .
Another benefit that comes with this heightened security is the generation of more jobs helping to ease unemployment rate .
Also the containment structures of modern reactors are designed to effectively prevent the escape of radioactivity even if it sustains severe damages .
Also since a wind turbine or solar panel is more unlikely to be in a terrorist 's hit list than a nuclear plant , cost of maintaining security of them are relative less .
But in contrast to what many people would think , even a generation III reactor used today has structures that can sustain a plane crashing into it .
In addition , a MSR uses an integrated fuel cycle system where molten salts are used as its fuel as well as its coolant .
( Advanced Reactors , 2009 ) The construction of wind turbines and solar panels is very space consuming because of their low energy efficiency and they are unreliable as they are weather dependent .
( Gibson , 2007 ) Although nuclear reactors too need large area of land space , the great energy output it has compensates for its use of space .
All the alternative energy sources mentioned are green compared to the burning of fossil fuels in terms of emission to the environment .
Since the first generation of nuclear reactors , advancement in technology has greatly increased the fuel efficiency , thus cutting down on the waste .
( Gen IV Reactors , 2009 ) Furthermore , MSR 's fuel doubling up as its coolant due to the good heat transportation properties of molten salts further reduces the waste produced .
Due to the nature of MSR , its waste has a lower amount of radioactivity , is safer due to passive cooling up to any size and has very low fuel usage .
There is certainly a need to find a replacement for the depleting fossil fuels and any feasible energy source could be a potential candidate .
All the possible candidates should not be conveniently ignored .
Considering that the benefits nuclear energy brings outweigh the disadvantages , further research and development and funding should be provided for more advanced reactors that are safer , more powerful and less costly .
Nowadays , the energy shortage problem tends to be more serious as the demand for energy increases significantly , while most conventional energies , especially oil and coal , are limited because of limited sources
In such a situation , the appearance of nuclear energy becomes so important , for the nuclear power has great advantages over many conventional energies .
For example , to produce the same amount of energy , a nuclear power plant consumes much less fuel ( uranium fuel ) than that a normal coal-fired one consumes .
What 's more , the nuclear power plant almost does not release any greenhouse gases or exhaust gases .
Since the nuclear energy seems so perfect , it is a bit surprising that there are only 439 nuclear power plants around the world .
Why is it not so widely used like oil , even in countries with the ability to deal with nuclear energy ?
The nuclear power reactor is a highly hazardous system that requires extremely high reliability and safety .
This kind of great disasters did happen in the history ( Three Mile Island and Chernobyl ) , and resulted in many people losing confidence in nuclear energy .
Since 1986 when the Chernobyl accident happened , America even has n't set up any new nuclear power plants .
In order to make full use of the advantages of nuclear energy , the primary task for engineers is to improve its safety .
Every time before we try to improve , we should first find out what has gone wrong .
About that disaster , some later investigations showed the design of the nuclear reactor had defects and someone insisted that the causes were all about technical problems .
Actually if there were only the design defects , the final explosion was completely avoidable .
Most of the investigators have come to a consensus that the primary cause for the Chernobyl is the failure of human management .
What 's worse , the makeup of the working team was not adequate , for they did n't have a timely backup system .
All these small human errors came together and finally led to the Chernobyl explosion .
However , some engineers hold the opinion that incorporating social psychology into the engineering processes seems crazy and funny .
It is usually known that human factors .
In their conservative view , they always care more about how productive and reliable the machines are and refuse to focus on the role of humans in safeguarding security .
But from the previous analysis of the Chernobyl nuclear accident , we can see that correct human actions are indispensable in preventing the disaster .
Indeed , the overall system 's reliability and safety in a nuclear power plant is more often dependent on humans instead of on machines . Why is that ?
Once the equipments have been put into use , the maximum reliability is already fixed .
In addition , in an industrial plant with potential hazards , well-organized working team is also very necessary , which has orderly shifts system , immediate backup , and so on .
Without any of the above measures of human resource management , it will not be easy to ensure the reliability of the whole system .
Some conservatives may still oppose that " you insist human management is important .
On the contrary , focusing on improving the management in engineering processes is already a way of applying social psychology .
In the highly hazardous industry like nuclear power plants , everyone should be responsible and devoted .
Applying psychology in engineering design processes is to let everyone work efficiently , such as arranging for psychotherapeutic sessions for operators and staff , can reduce the stress of workers who work for long hours under high pressure and help them relax .
All in all , human errors are avoidable , and psychology in engineering is meant to reduce the risk of nuclear industry failure caused by human errors .
Anyway , all the efforts made by the investigator and engineers are to make the nuclear power plants much safer and the resultant measures can be more widely used to meet the great demand of energy today .
Applying psychology provides us with a new option to effectively improve nuclear industry 's safety and reliability .
I 'm confident that with the help of psychology , the usage of nuclear power will have a brighter future .
16 % of the world 's electricity is supplied by nuclear power plants , and 30 % of the world 's fossil fuels are used to produce electricity .
A clean energy source like nuclear power seems to be the ideal solution for the energy crisis .
However the scars left from the Chernobyl disaster and the Three Mile Island catastrophe has changed the public opinion on nuclear reactors for the worse .
On April 26th 1986 , the Chernobyl nuclear reactor exploded . The whole town was evacuated and almost all of them never returned .
Around 30 people died and several thousands were exposed to radiation .
This works in favor of the VHTR , a scenario where a fast response is needed , as the VHTR would be suitable and safer .
The SFR boasts a recycling system where 99.9 % of the actinides are recycled back as fuels , such as plutonium and since the SFR is a closed fuel system , fuel can be used again in the system .
Unlike the SFR , the VHTR has no waste recycling system and hence It goes directly into the repository where the nuclear waste has a half life of about a few centuries only ( research is currently going on to reduce the half life ) .
In addition , in the SFR the recycled plutonium could be a security threat .
This coolant makes the VHTR significantly much safer since it makes its core highly stable and unreactive .
Even though the SFR has the above mentioned features , it only has a thermal efficiency of less the 40 % whilst the VHTR has an efficiency of above 50 % .
Hydrogen is also a clean fuel as it does not emit green house gasses when it is burned . It is also an alternate fuel which could be used to power vehicles in the future .
The SFR , due to its relatively low operating temperature and pressure , is much cheaper when it comes to material cost and building ; hence , it has a lower capital cost .
On the other hand the VHTR is more expensive to build ; its materials have to withstand high temperatures as well as high pressures .
Though the capital cost of the VHTR is high the operational cost is comparatively less since the VHTR is highly efficient at higher temperatures and hence is a good solution to get cheaper electricity .
Some may argue that the VHTR has too high a capital cost , as a prototype would cost 1Billion US dollars . But many countries have shown great interests in the development of the VHTR , and the cost of Research and Development , therefore , will be split amongst several countries .
People are very performance oriented and yet safety and cost conscious .
Thus it is a common dilemma faced by most engineers nowadays .
People expect the new and upcoming Generation IV nuclear power plants to be efficient and at the same time expecting engineers and researchers to make them safer and cheaper .
Thus with this in mind , I would strongly advocate further research and development on the Very-high-temperature reactors ( VHTR ) as they suit the " requirements " of the public the most .
Firstly , the VHRT had an earlier delivery date than most other designs and that was the reason why I supported it .
In times like this when the price of fossil fuels is sky rocketing , an earlier delivery date of 5 years for an efficient energy alternative is very crucial .
If the VHTR can be realized as soon as possible , public concerns about the hefty pricing on carbon tax and fossil fuels can then be addressed earlier .
Thus it translates to higher electrical production efficiency , meaning that it can produce more electrical energy .
With hydrogen generation made possible , the VHTR can replace future coal fueled hydrogen production plants , taking over the role of supplying energy for other hydrogen intensive industries and may also be able to generate hydrogen as a source of fuel .
Therefore the implementation of the VHTR can offer a wide range of solutions to the fuel crisis that is currently troubling the public .
This includes extensive research on materials that can withstand high temperature and that are stronger and corrosion resistant .
It is also relatively safer than the rest of the Gen IV nuclear power plants as it uses an inert gas , helium , as the coolant .
Nowadays , people are arguing about the research and development for generation IV reactors .
Many people support further research and development for generation IV reactors while others do not .
The most heated argument is how to ensure the safety of the operation of nuclear reactors .
From my point of view , I agree with the continuous research and development on the Very-High-Temperature-Reactor ( VHTR ) , which is one of the generation IV concepts , because it is the technology that brings us solutions to the current energy crisis .
Opponents of developing nuclear reactors claim that we should not put so much money and effort on such a dangerous plant .
Safety is the factor that most people worry about .
There have been two nuclear power plant accidents in history .
The Chernobyl accident caused a huge number of deaths and radiation-related injuries .
In fact , the accident occurred because the nuclear power plant was inappropriately operated and the reactor was not placed in the well-protected area .
As it is well controlled , no deaths were caused .
Nowadays , when building a nuclear plant , the safety issue needs to be considered .
If an accident occurs , the public will be prevented from the impact of the accident .
Besides safety , the cost , performance and environmental issues are also popular in today 's arguments .
A lot of money is also spent on developing these technologies which are still in the experimental stage .
According to a recent report of nuclear plants ( European Nuclear Society , 2009 ) , until 24 September 2009 , 436 nuclear power plant units in 31 countries are in operation and 53 plants in 15 countries are under construction .
About 17 % of the world 's electricity comes from nuclear plants .
It is obvious that spending more money on the development of nuclear power is quite reasonable .
Moreover , the performance of a nuclear plant is very significant compared to conventional thermal power stations .
Finally , under normal operation , nuclear power plants are environmentally-friendly .
It has many advantages compared to the existing technology .
It is able to produce an output temperature of up to 1000oC unlike the existing reactors which can only produce a temperature of about 300oC ( Butler , 2004 ) .
VHTR is more than three times more powerful than the existing reactors .
The safety characteristics of a helium-cooled , graphite-moderated core are employed by VHTR .
VHTR benefits from the high heat capacity and structural stability of the graphite together with the single phase and inert material of the Helium coolant .
The fuel allows high burn-up and because of the characteristics of the cooled uranium-oxycarbide .
The high operating temperature of the core in the VHTR allows emissions-free process .
We have strong evidence to show that with the improvement of technology , the concerns about the operation of nuclear plants will fade away .
It is clean and highly efficient .
In conclusion , the generation IV reactor concept opens a new chapter in the development of nuclear power .
It provides high-efficiency operation , produces not only heat but also hydrogen productions , has lower risk , and offers enhanced waste minimization .
With all these advantages , the generation IV reactors will be one of the best solutions to the world 's energy shortage problem .
Thus they have doubt on the robots and feel uneasy during the surgery with no humans present .
Thus , some people prefer surgery done by a human surgeon as they believe such surgery will have lower risk level .
However , this is not true and in fact , robotic surgery has a relatively lower risk level than conventional surgery .
In this way , the safety of the patients is no longer an issue .
Thus , even if the cost of robotic surgery is relatively higher than conventional surgery , most people believe that the money is worthy spent .
Last but not least , people may be concerned about the efficiency of robotic surgery .
There are doubts as to whether the surgeons will be able to perform robotic surgeries effectively .
This concern is reasonable because if the surgeon is not familiar with the system , he may take longer time for the surgery , thus creating a risk .
Professional engineers and foreign experts are invited to train the local surgeons with certain hours of practicing to ensure the surgeons are fully familiar with the system and will be able to perform in real situations .
This is beneficial especially in the case of Singapore as there are limited skilled assistants available in hospital .
Also , with the help of robots , the fatigue of the surgeon will be reduced as most work is done by robots and time taken for each surgery is generally shortened .
Until today , opponents of nuclear power have argued on the potential dangers which might be caused by nuclear reactors in the light of major engineering accidents such as partial rector meltdown at Three Mile Island and the explosion of reactor core at Chernobyl in Ukraine .
Under the concept of SCWR , Butler ( 2004 ) also states that SCWRs have simple safety features that do not depend on well-trained operators and complex backup systems .
Opponents of nuclear energy might argue that the radioactive waste which will be produced by nuclear reactors is susceptible to accidents due to human intervention .
However , researchers could only suggest better solutions for nuclear plants to produce less radioactive waste but not to the extent of eliminating radioactive waste till today .
Military protection in nuclear plants is another factor that should be considered in the security of nuclear plants .
With strong ground and air defence within nuclear reactors , the plants would be well-protected and could deter any forms of terrorist threats .
It has been popularly argued that the performance of SWCR could play a major factor in the financial contribution for the development of SWCR .
According to Butler ( 2004 ) , if the concept of SCWR is successful , it could compete with other fuels such as coal and gases in terms of the prices in producing electricity .
However , Heber ( 2008 ) has explained that the fact of the slow progress in the new designs of SWCR is due to the great emphasis over the overall safety performances of the nuclear plants .
With the implementation of SCWR , they could tackle some of the environmental issues faced by modern man today and in the near future .
Similarly , Schiermeier ( 2009 ) explains the fact that the nuclear energy is seen as an important alternative source of energy with the growing concern of global warming from the over-reliance of fossil fuels and the future energy security .
Critics may argue that the environmental effects caused by nuclear accidents are dangerous and harmful .
The land at the nuclear accident site would eventually become a wasteland .
Nevertheless , with the ongoing research and development in the Generation IV reactors designs , it could ensure the environmental effects caused by any nuclear accident from new reactors will be minimal compared to the Chernobyl accident .
In the long run , the development of SWCR could also provide solutions to the environmental issues . Ultimately , mankind needs to accept new technology confidently that might bring about unexpected improvements to the world .
After investigation , it was found that someone deliberately added water into the storage tank of the highly reactive MIC , causing a runaway reaction , pressure built up , which then caused a large volume of toxic gas to escape and intoxicate the area .
2007 ) , the article defines design as a strategy allowing the final product to meet the user requirements in many different areas and accidents usually occur when there are miscommunications , inadequate organization or errors contributed by individuals .
Bernhard suggests the idea of adopting psychology during the design phase of a project , because engineers are humans and humans are prone to mistakes .
It can be used as a reminder to engineers if there are any areas neglected during the process , allowing better communication to take place within the team and reducing the possibility of problems arising from miscommunication or individual actions .
Also , instead of having the traditional feedback controls of safety , the use of psychology predicts the consequences of having mistakes in design and take corrective actions immediately , thus greatly reducing the probability of accidents occurring due to design errors .
Adopting psychology in the initial or design phase of the project seems to benefit in the short term ; however , it may not be beneficial in the long term .
This is because most of the designs change over time due to expansion , maintenance and more .
In most cases , the root cause of accidents is due to human errors . For example , operational errors ( BI-ME , 2009 ) usually arise during operation instead of the designing phase .
For example , the Bhopal incident occurred due to lack of maintenance work for the plant and the workers neglected the importance of the safety in plant operations .
The main cause of the accident is due to a worker 's mistake of adding water to MIC causing a runaway reaction .
Thus , implementing psychology in the design does not help , regardless of how well the plant is constructed or how many safety devices have been installed . As long as the operators neglect the importance of working safely , the occurrence of accidents is definite .
Psychology can be used in areas to promote safety within workers or reinforce the importance of it .
In the case of the Bhopal incident , the plant manger should have immediately rectified the problem like safety device systems .
It was later discovered that the storage tank alarm system had not been working for four years and the flare system had been down for five months ( E.Ingrid , 2004 ) Therefore , if a superintendent of a company shows no concern about safety , it is very likely that workers will take a similar attitude in the long run .
In spite of having a detailed and careful design , if the company decides to cut edges especially in safety , it is very likely that accidents can still occur .
In current engineering practices , a method has already been used to update and reinforce safety , known as Hazard and Operability studies or HAZOP .
HAZOP is conducted every 3 years ( but it varies with different companies ) and it is used to update the design of the plant or equipment in case of any changes .
It allows the representatives from different departments to collaborate and discuss the best possible solution to enhance safety in the plant .
Hence , psychology in the design phase may be unnecessary and replaced by a set of regulations enforced by the company .
In conclusion , adopting psychology does have benefits in the initial phase , as it reduces accidents due to design errors .
However , the usage may be limited to the design phase , as root causes like operation errors , human behavior and company 's stand are common causes for accidents .
Thus , psychology may be used in areas like promoting safety issues among the workers , reducing the behavior of bad practices in a workplace and enhancing the communication between different departments .
World Resources Institute showed that transportation sector contributed 13.5 % of the total greenhouse gas emissions .
Today , scientists are studying " smart airbags " which can tell the size of a person in the seat and the speed of the airbag inflation , so as to minimize injuries [ 7 ] .
So , what is the reason why airbags can not be accepted as a safety device in solar cars too ?
In recent studies , airbag deployment with or without seat belts used , has shown to decrease the risk of head , thorax and spine injuries [ 10 ] .
The challenger accident , which happened on the morning of January 28 , 1986 , was a in history for its catastrophic consequence and the great trauma it brought to people .
The Orbiter challenger , the 25the space shuttle into space , was also well-known as it was the first time that a school teacher had the chance to go into space .
However , only after seventy three seconds into the flight , the Challenger exploded and all seven of its crew died .
Some experts ( Robert E. , 1997 ) claimed that the challenger accident was mainly caused by the mechanical failure due to the flaw of the original design .
In my opinion , human factors were the main cause , as the accident would have been prevented if the decision makers had acted more rationally
From a mechanical point of view , the direct cause for the explosion was " the failure of the right solid rocket booster aft joint sealing , most likely because of the extremely cold temperature in the morning .
" ( Dick , 1986 ) Data and reviews also showed that there were actually essential design flaws of the Challenger . In particular , the O-rings in the SRB could not seal the joint when it was very cold .
Although technological deficiency was behind the failure of the Challenger , psychology could be implemented to stop the disaster from happening .
Before the launch of the challenger , what concerned the chief managers most were the preceding 24 successful space shuttle launches .
If the managers handled the pressure well , rechecked and tested the challenger carefully and decided not to launch the challenger until every safety concern was eliminated , the challenger accident could have been prevented .
( Website ) Unfortunately , even though the engineers told the supervisors of Morton Thiokol about this potential pitfall , their concern did not draw the full attention of the supervisors .
However , what they would get was precious time , and with more time they would have detected the problem and cancelled the launch instead of just delaying it .
Meanwhile , some engineers at Rockwell International also noticed that a significant amount of ice had built up on the fixed service structure that stood beside the shuttle .
To sum up , even though the Challenger was designed with some serious flaws and destined to fail in such a cold environment , appropriate psychology could still be implemented to prevent the accident from happening , as long as the decision of the launch was made with confidence and the potential dangers found by the engineers were cleared up .
And not just in that case , the use of psychology should always be required as a necessity in future engineering designs to enhance safety .
The Chernobyl accident in 1986 and Three Mile Island in 1979 have led to serious concerns about the safety of nuclear power plants .
This indicates that the public support has declined in recent years .
One of the main reasons for the decline is that the nuclear power plant might cause dangerous consequences when it malfunctions , due to its unstable nature .
Actually , nuclear power plants emit one hundredth times less greenhouse gases as compared to coal or gas power plants .
The cost of Uranium Ore is a very small portion of the operating cost of a nuclear power plant .
Fourth Generation Nuclear plants can fully utilize all the energy in natural uranium .
The amount of uranium accessible on Earth is able to support fourth generation nuclear power plants for hundreds of centuries .
Secondly , coal which is believed to be responsible for more quotidian problems such as acid rain and greenhouse gases emission .
In fact , the wastes produced by coal powered plants are 100 times more radioactive than those produced by a nuclear power plant generating similar amounts of energy .
The introduction of fourth generation nuclear power plants allows a new way of disposal of nuclear waste .
VHTR not only solves the nuclear waste problem , but its current wastes are a very valuable source of energy to power VHTR as they can burn plutonium , neptunium and other materials that Generation II and III reactors leave behind ( Smith , 2009 ) .
Generation III reactors are built within a double concealment which will protect the reactor even when the outer layer is penetrated .
Furthermore Generation IV reactors use different fuels and coolants than previous generators . The new reactors are built to be more efficient in absorbing heat through using better coolants , with improved circulation and larger containment structures .
Lastly , the cost of building nuclear power plants has greatly been reduced over the years .
Current reactors will still be usable for a long time ; thus , the construction cost will be spread over the years .
Current Generation III reactors are around $ 2000 per KW which is lower than $ 2300 per KW for a coal power plant .
The first nuclear reactor plant was built in Obninsk , a city in Russia , in 1954 .
Since then , the debate on whether we should use the nuclear energy has never been cooled down .
The catastrophic nuclear accidents such as Three Mile Island event and Chernobyl accident have cast a shadow over the safety of nuclear plants .
Since 2000 , ten countries including US , UK , Canada , France , Brazil , Japan and so on have started to cooperate in the research on a future generation of nuclear energy system , known as Generation 4 .
After two years ' great effort they have come up with a concrete and significant report about Generation 4 reactor concepts .
In this report the concepts of very-high-temperature-reactor ( VHTR ) are attention-getting because the new features of VHTR will greatly improve nuclear energy 's popularity , thus forcefully rejecting opponents ' conservative views .
One of the main opposing views is that nuclear energy is a big potential safety hazard because once nuclear leakage happens people 's health and the environment will be seriously threatened ( Cohen ) .
So a small inducement can cause a huge disaster .
As VHTR has this important feature , disastrous events can be effectively avoided and the prevention does not depend on sophisticated backup systems or experienced operators any more .
So we do not need to worry about big catastrophes like the Chernobyl accident .
Opponents were not satisfied with the performance of the nuclear reactor because the efficiency of current LWRs is 33 % and that of heat engines 20 % to 30 % .
( Lozanova , 2008 ) Now the situation has changed .
At this high temperature the rate of the reaction will dramatically increase and much more energy will be released from the same amount of fuel .
Another great benefit under the extremely high temperature reactors is that the reactors can be used to split hydrogen from water thermochemically .
This feature makes VHTR outstanding among all the reactors .
The opponents thought that it was not worthy to generate electricity by nuclear energy because the cost of building nuclear power plants would be an astronomical figure .
Second , research has been done to extend the tenure of the use of the facilities .
Third , the traditional energy sources like coal and petroleum are getting more expensive because they are non-renewable-resources and will be exhausted one day .
In contrast , with the development of the nuclear technology and the application of nuclear energy on a large scale , the efficiency of nuclear reactors will be improved gradually and the price of nuclear energy will decrease .
The above three points prove that it is worth to build VHTRs because they will pay back in the long run .
Through taking a look at the current energy situation and analyzing the special advantages of VHTR , a Generation 4 nuclear reactor , it should be evident that the VHTR concept is advanced and VHTR will be useful to actual circumstances .
The three outstanding characters of VHTR are passive safety , high efficiency and clean energy .
These distinctive features are significant in the nuclear industry because they can help avoid miserable nuclear accidents , raise the efficiency of nuclear reactors to a new level and decrease the cost of nuclear industry .
" ( Our Energy , 2007 ) Without the public fear and reluctance to accept nuclear power , the world may now be enjoying abundant electricity and accelerating economic growth , especially in some developing countries like India and China .
As expected , every possible ways of generating energy are under research .
However , only nuclear reactors can generate electricity at high efficiency and are viable for a long period of time .
Therefore , it is obvious that nuclear power will be undergoing immense research and development .
Amongst the six most probable concepts at the present stage , the Super-Water-Cooled Reactor ( SCWR ) is the most suitable and worth extensive research , after after its properties are compared with those of the other five .
The first issue is the performance of reactors .
To maximize the level of energy output , it seems that the Very-High-Temperature Reactor ( VHTR ) , which could achieve 50 % efficiency level when deployed , is a better choice .
Furthermore , the disparity between the two reactors ( VHTR and SCWR ) in terms of efficiency is not huge .
This is attributed to the existing light water reactor technology on the basis of which SCWR is developed .
On the other hand , the electric efficiency of a conventional thermal power station , considered as saleable energy , is typically 33 % to 48 % .
Hence , it is reasonable to further develop the SCWR system , since its overall performance excels .
Opponents also claim that constructing nuclear power reactors is a huge capital-intensive project , which requires intensive investment of money and research .
After the deployment of a nuclear plant , more funds are needed for insurance coverage , maintenance and labor .
If the ratio of energy output and all inputs is considered , the rate of return of SCWR is faster than that of the others , not mentioning the low price of the electricity when the design is successful .
Moreover , comparing with the other five concepts which use inert gas , liquid compound or metal as coolants , water is much easily accessed and present in relative abundance .
Thus , the manufacturing process of coolant is simpler for SCWR , and thus it is also cheaper .
This saves a lot of experiments for scientists .
The final design proposes a reduction in the size of the reactor coolant pumps , piping , and associated equipment .
Opponents ' views are that the very high pressure SCWR requires may pose risks , which is indeed a realistic concern .
It is greatly simplified after discarding the step of steam-water conversion .
It reduces the probability of making mistakes and the level of seriousness of accidents .
It is hardly possible , as what many nuclear research associations have asserted , to have a second Chernobyl incident .
This feature limited the extent of its nuclear pollution which leads to health problems like birth defects .
Hence , although there are inevitable risks that we have to bear for every type of design , we can still choose appropriately the one that can minimize those risks .
In conclusion , SCWR reactor excels in performance , cost and safety .
As nuclear energy is taking over the world , the development on SCWR will be the stepping stone and will lead us to a " new dawn " .
Nuclear technology has always been a controversial issue , with much public opposition expressing their concerns , such as high cost , security problems and safety issues .
Researchers have proposed new generation IV reactors , which are targeted at answering these pressing concerns .
An example is the Very High Temperature Reactor ( VHTR ) which boasts a super helium coolant which is much more effective than water , and yet is both inert and unreactive ( Teri Ehresman , 2009 ) .
With human population rising at an exponential rate , peaking at an estimated 9.1 billion in 2050 , energy consumption is , too , expected to rise proportionally .
Nuclear energy is definitely a viable option that can meet this demand .
As nuclear technology is known for its vast and massive destruction , many policies and measures are taken to ensure that this nuclear technology does not fall into the wrong hands .
Many have also argued that terrorists are able to collect these by-products and use them as a weapon .
All these measures taken will keep the by-products safe from terrorist 's reach .
It is clear that nuclear technology is the best alternative to the current fossil fuel consumption as it produces a relative larger amount of energy .
With the global growth in population and economy , energies needed for either manufacturing industries or home appliances are increasing ; hence , developing nuclear power becomes an important issue .
Among the six generation IV reactors , compared to other similar reactors which are able to generate both electricity and hydrogen power , the Lead-cooled fast reactor requires relatively lower temperature and lower pressure with the support of recycling of the waste .
Although a large scale of energy can be obtained by generating nuclear power , there are critical voices over the use of it in terms of safety concerns and environmental pollutions .
Hence , nuclear energy is definitely a safe and reasonable approach to solve the problem of producing enough energy for both the present and the future needs .
Firstly , the critics claim that the operation of nuclear plant is dangerous because of the only one accident which happened in Chernobyl in history .
The radioactivity escaped from one overheated core into the atmosphere , and caused 28 people to die , 134 people to fall sick and about 70 cases of thyroid cancer in children .
However , such an accident will not happen again . That is because nowadays all nuclear reactors that are currently in operation worldwide are placed inside a containment building .
The containment building helps to keep the radiation inside in the case of a faulty operation of the reactor .
Its ability to prevent the leak of radiation was proved in 1979 , during the reactor core meltdown at the Three Mile Island .
It should have caused major impact to people living there , but in fact , no injuries or deaths occurred because of the presence of the containment building .
As far as accidents are concerned , coal mining is more dangerous , as 100 miners die in mining per year in the U.S and another 100 die in transporting .
Secondly , from an environmental standpoint , the opposing views think that the life-cycle emissions of the nuclear energy are great pollutants .
Furthermore , in fact 15 % electricity which is generated by nuclear power globally greatly reduces the amounts of carbon dioxide emitted into the atmosphere every year by 2.1 billion tonnes ( Position Paper , n.d ) .
About 4.8 million tonnes of sulphur dioxide and 2.6 million tonnes of nitrogen oxides are avoided each year in European countries ( Position Paper , n.d ) .
Thirdly , people oppose the development of nuclear power due to the problem of long term radiation influence caused by nuclear wastes .
Several physicists in Germany claim to have found out a way to speed up the decay process of radioactive waste on timescales of a few tens of years and make it harmless .
The same goes for the discovery of Nuclear Solution Inc. Its president and CEO Dr. Paul M. Brown claims that they have a technology to make the nuclear waste a safe energy by burning it .
( Spirit of Ma'at Online Magazine Feb 2002 ) .The six generation lead-cool fast reactor also provides a function of waste recycling to handle the waste ; this will again ease the work of disposing the waste ( Butler .
To sum up , nuclear energy is safe to develop and use with the continuing evolution of nuclear plants and reactors , and it is also an emission- free energy source which can significantly reduce carbon dioxide gas and acid rains .
The waste produced by it can be recycled and reused to reduce the radiation influence to the environment and our society ; as a result , cost will be also reduced on the whole .
In conclusion , in my opinion nuclear energy can be used to solve the problem of increasing energy demand in various industries , because it is safe to both human beings and the environment , and it is capable to provide relatively larger amounts of energy than other sources .
( Wilpert , 2007 ) They claim that human actions , which are tightly related to psychology , play a major role in the process of design .
In their point of view , psychology is not the deciding factor in the design process , and it is certainly not only the design process that contributes to the accident .
As far as I am concerned , the use of psychology may help prevent the tragedy , but it 's far from enough .
Rather , developing high technology and taking proper safety precaution when an accident happens are more important .
Design engineers can make mistakes .
Their design errors eventually would result in the malfunction of the products , thus causing accidents .
They claim that the engineers were being unprofessional ( Eschede , n.d. ) , because the engineers were concerned more about the interior facilities of the train .
Passengers could enjoy the radio , the newspaper as well as refreshment , including wonderful meals provided from the luxurious dining car .
The design engineers were said to put so much effort into these trivial factors rather than safety issues .
In fact , over the years ICE expanded throughout Germany , and the safety record was perfect .
They were unprotected by any form of crash barrier .
The train , ICE , did have an adequate protection system as well as a warning system .
( NASA , 2007 ) Passengers would have pulled the emergency break to stop the train as soon as they witnessed the wheel failure .
In fact , one passenger sensed something was wrong , and tried to remind the driver of the hazard .
Technology at that time limited the designing of ICE , thus causing the design failure .
In fact , despite the fact that reprocessing and research cost too much money , the molten salt reactor is profitable in a long term and it is economical compared to other reactors .
All these can compensate for part of the expenses on the reprocessing and research .
With less fuel , it produces electricity and hydrogen four to six times greater than high temperature reactors do ( " Generation IV nuclear reactor , " 2009 ) .
With the demand for energy increasing , it is urgent to find an economical and efficient energy source .
As the developing countries are building more factories and cities throughout the years , the global energy consumption is rapidly increasing over the years .
This is a concern as at the rate countries are consuming energy it is a matter of time before the earth runs out of natural resources .
Countries are spending a large amount of money to develop the Generation IV reactors to meet the demand of energy consumption .
The objectives of Generation IV reactors are to improve safety features , minimise waste output and decrease the construction and operating cost of nuclear reactors .
Although there are many risk hazards involving the VHTR , it is still one of the most promising models , and many countries are keen on adopting this model as the future reactor .
One of the most practical issues of concern is the cost .
All countries want to build reactors that are cheap in cost and that are efficient in producing electricity and hydrogen gases .
The molten salt is preferred as its operation system is less complicated which means that it is cheaper to construct and it does not need to run on very high temperature or pressure .
However , in terms of the overall development cost , the Very High temperature reactor is still much cheaper than the Molten Salt reactor .
This is so as the VHTR is simply the upgrading of existing high temperature reactors while the MSR is a relatively new technology .
Hence VHTR needs less testing and less time to develop whereas extensive testing is required for the MSR .
In terms of efficiency , there is criticism regarding its high fuel burn up and the need to periodically change the graphite core .
The initial design of the VHTR also does not allow the system to produce electricity directly as modifications are required to be made to the plant to achieve generation of electricity .
In comparison , the MSR is considered a better choice as it is safer to operate at lower pressures and temperatures .
The efficiency of the MSR will improve in the near future as scientists are working to increase the output of hydrogen and electricity ( NERAC ) .
Despite the negative points of the VHTR , it is still way ahead of the MSR and all other generation IV models , as only VHR has an efficiency of more than fifty percent .
Not only does it produce more electricity , but the high temperature generated is actually not useless .
This is due to the fact that the VHTR runs on very high temperatures and it will have a higher chance of failure .
For VHTR safety is maintained manually by safety officers and it is not reliable as humans will make mistakes .
Then for MSR about 200 million dollars have been spent on safety testing .
In conclusion , VHTR is still one of the better choices when compared to MSR .
This is so as it will be ready by the year 2025 , five years earlier than MSR .
With the operation of VHTR five years ahead , the revenue generated by VHR will provide more funds for further research and improvement .
Then in term of efficiency it is ahead of MSR and there is no guarantee that after intensive research the efficiency will improve .
Hence VHTR has the potential to be the main provider of electricity in the future .
In 2000 , The Generation IV International Forum ( GIF ) , an international cooperative project representing governments of 13 countries , was initiated .
Scientists from these countries cooperate to develop the next generation of nuclear technology , the Generation IV Nuclear Reactor ( World Nuclear Association , 2008 ) .
In my point of view , among all the six reactors , the Sodium-cooled fast reactor ( SFR ) is the one that should be chosen as one of the prototypes .
The generation IV SFR is a new concept which is safe not only when it operates during electric production , but also when it meets the problem of nuclear weapons and the terrorism attack .
Many people think that compared with traditional ways of producing electricity , using nuclear reactors is not safe .
In fact , SFR is a very safe nuclear reactor operating under low pressures and low temperatures .
The operating temperatures of SFR range from 500 to 550 , one of the two reactors with the lowest temperatures among all the six together .
Moreover the sodium-cooled technique has been in use since 1951 .
Scientists from Japan have also been concerned about the chemical reaction between sodium and water .
Nuclear weapon and terrorism are always sensitive topics to both governments and ordinary people .
The new design for SRF is likely to have all the neutron action in the core .
Yes , this is a drawback of the SFR ; however , scientists are working hard on it to find out the way to reduce the capital cost of the SFR and they have already made some achievements .
On November 27-28 , 2006 , Mr. Kazuo Mukai , from the Advanced Nuclear System Research and Development Directorate Japan Atomic Energy Agency ( JAEA ) , had an international seminar on " Coolants and Innovative Reactor Technologies " in Cadarache , which is a research center for nuclear energy in France .
In this seminar he talked about the JSFR and the achievements Japanese scientists had made to reduce the cost of the SFR .
Kazuo ( 2006 ) said that by adopting high chromium steel with higher strength and lower thermal expansion , the capacity of the heat exchangers and the flow rate in the pipe got enlarged , so that the piping could be shortened and the loop number also got reduced .
This is just an example of the achievements .
The research is still ongoing and scientists have confidence that they will have more findings in the future .
The advanced technology of the SFR will benefit people all around the world in the not too distant future .
The Chernobyl disaster is one of the worst engineering accidents that has ever happened in history .
People usually say that mistakes are inevitable and nuclear power is in fact extremely dangerous so that working with it will always involve a high chance of accidents .
Including psychological factors during the design process is found to be one of the ways to improve safety which might have prevented the Chernobyl incident .
I agree to the point that humans can make mistakes .
The problem lies in the behavior of the plant operators .
In this way , they will be more careful in doing their task and will as a result be able to avoid making mistakes .
Opponents also state that while nuclear power is indeed dangerous for that reason , it is impossible not to have accidents while working with it .
An accident is a situation when there is a failure in the interaction between man and machine ( Stoop , 1995 ) .
Most of the time , while designing a system , engineers are likely to overestimate the ability of the user ( Wilpert , 2007 ) .
Instead of following the safety procedure , the plant operators even blocked the reactor 's protection system ( making automatic shut down impossible ) in order to keep the test running ( Onisawa and Nishiwaki , 1988 ) .
Since men and machines are equally important to achieve safety in design , psychologists ' role is to be concerned about the human resources which are usually neglected by engineers .
If both machines and men are well designed , safety will definitely improve and the possibility of accidents will be reduced .
Without considering psychological factors , there is a big possibility that there will be a bad interaction between man and machine which will then result in an accident such as Chernobyl 's .
Therefore , psychological factors play an important role in reducing the possibility of accidents as well as improving a system 's safety .
Also , the use of psychology could counter the underestimation of the number of errors that will form inevitably .
Opponents argue that psychology would not be useful as the chief cause for the accident is the lack of knowledge of the operators .
They might have been trained to operate even though they do not understand the principles behind it .
Psychology or the employment of psychologists to assist in the design process would thus be futile .
This concept is evident when accounts of the accident revealed that the operator indifferently disregarded safety protocols .
Hence , designers could have brought in psychologists to evaluate the design to inhibit such unauthorized practices and to ensure the safety standards are kept high .
According to Wilpert ( 2007 ) , the design process encompasses both social science and engineering .
This element is the consensual agreement that errors can occur anywhere and every stage should be treated meticulously .
Therefore , psychology could be used in the design process and could perhaps have minimized the possibilities of accidents .
To sum up , the use of psychology could have been used in some phases of the design process .
Since the introduction of nuclear-powered generators , public opposition is one of the reasons why only limited nuclear reactors have been built in the past .
Their concern arises because of a few incidents that have happened in the past which includes a partial reactor meltdown in 1979 at Three Mile Island , Pennsylvania and also the 1986 accident at Chernobyl in Ukraine , where the reactor core exploded and caused the death of 31 people and spewed radioactive debris across Europe ( Butler , 2004 ) .
Nevertheless , the first reason that the public is concerned over the funding of generation IV nuclear reactors is that the nuclear reactors will not reduce greenhouse-gas emissions as compared to natural gas and oil use ( Nature , 2008 ) .
However , this is not the case as there are countries constructing nuclear reactors because they can indeed improve the environment .
According to Ruth ( 2009 ) , medical isotopes used in cancer research can be supplied using accelerators instead of nuclear reactors as using accelerators is a safer and cheaper method .
However , nuclear reactors should continue to be used to supply medical isotopes as they can produce isotopes much faster than accelerators .
Furthermore , the idea of accelerators to supply medical isotopes has still not been put to practical use as they still require further research and development unlike nuclear reactors , which have already been vastly used in medical researches .
This can be shown as many researchers were lamenting on the shutdown of the nuclear reactor located in chalk river , Ontario , and their medical research had to be put to a halt ( Nature , 2008 ) .
The last concern from the public opposition is that nuclear reactors are not safe enough to be built as they are under-designed for earthquakes as the earthquake in Japan killed at least 9 , injured 1000 , caused the evacuation of further 10,000 people , sparked a fire and caused radiation- contaminated water from the nuclear reactor to spill into the sea ( Nature , 2007 ) .
To wrap up , I believe that the new generation IV reactors such as SCWR are nothing like their previous generation of nuclear reactors because technology is constantly improving each day to make the nuclear reactors safer to be built .
Thus , the public opposition should look at the new generation IV reactors in a different light and not just be based on some of the incidents that happened in the past .
All of these reactors have improved safety precautions and higher security levels to ensure the safety of the public .
In addition , the new SFR will be equipped with a better coolant system to prevent a reactor meltdown and stronger containment structures to guard against terrorist attacks ( Smith , 2009 ) .
Thus , less research will be required for SFR , which also means that the research cost will be reduced .
Furthermore , by choosing the SFR 's proven method of cooling the nuclear core , it removes the uncertainties of using new and untested technologies which are present in the other reactors .
SFR is also chosen by the United States as their front runner for generation IV fast reactors due to its strong technology basis ( US DOE/NE 2006 ) .
On top of its technological readiness , SFR is designed for high efficiency as well .
It recycles nuclear fuel through a process whereby a group of chemical elements called actinides are produced .
Plutonium is also included in this group and it can be used for the production of nuclear weapons .
Therefore , to ensure the nuclear non-proliferation , SFR is designed such that plutonium can not be extracted from the nuclear core .
SFR will also be using spent thermal reactor fuel from other older nuclear reactors as its initial fuel ( US DOE NERAC/GIF 2002 ) .
All these designs will lead to a more efficient usage of the nuclear fuel and also help solve the current problem of the disposal of nuclear wastes .
The truth is , we will one day run out of fossil fuels ; hence , we must plan ahead and look for other sources of energy .
Nuclear power plants may be hazardous , but the new SFR boosts many new safeguards .
Nuclear power has been a controversial issue ever since the atomic bombings of Hiroshima and Nagasaki during World War II .
Over the years , nuclear power has evolved with the help of technological advancement .
Today , scientists have gone step further in developing what we know as the Fourth Generation Reactors .
Firstly , the cost of operating a VHTR is truly subjective .
Naturally , The public would have an impression that VHTR would be much more expensive , compared to renewable energy such as solar and wind .
Barry ( 2009 ) cites that the capital cost of building a solar plant is 25 times more than that of building a plant and the land area a solar plant occupies is 400 times more than that of a nuclear plant .
In addition , building VHTR will boost the economy as it creates job opportunities in the areas surrounding the power plant .
However in VHTR , plutonium is spiked with heat producing and radioactive elements ( Butler , 2004 ) .
These elements cause the plutonium waste to increase in temperature such that it is too hot to handle and therefore prevent anyone from stealing it .
In VHTR , heat resistant materials are used to build the nuclear reactor so that the heat is carefully contained .
For example , helium is used as a cooling agent in VHTR as helium is an inert gas and does not provide any hazardous effect .
It is known that these radioactive wastes have very long shelf life and will not decay until a few hundred years later .
However , in VHTR , an additional processing step is taken to shorten the life span of the wastes and these wastes are carefully contained .
Compared to solar plants , nuclear plants actually produce less carbon dioxide .
Barry ( 2009 ) writes that solar plants produce 25 times more carbon dioxide than nuclear plants .
In conclusion , VHTR is much safer , more environmental friendly , more efficient and much cheaper .
Hence , we should abandon those pessimistic views on nuclear power and embrace this new source of energy .
Nuclear energy has been a hot topic since several decades ago .
It is clean and powerful .
According to Butler ( 2004 ) , nuclear energy is not a source of carbon dioxide . With the emissions of green-house gases now soaring , and the energy demands predicted to double by 2050 , the nuclear option is finding its way back onto the table .
Besides , nuclear reactors produce a great output of electricity and hydrogen .
However , the use of nuclear energy is not without opposing voices .
Because of its safety , no waste and high output , I support funding for its further research and development .
With memories of the partial reactor meltdown in 1979 at Three Mile Island , Pennsylvania , and of the 1986 accident at Chernobyl in Ukraine , during which the reactor core exploded , killing some 31 people immediately and spewing radioactive debris across Europe , the public consider nuclear reactors as something extremely dangerous .
However , sodium-cooled fast reactors are rather safe because they can react under relatively low temperature of 550 degrees in contrast with the above 700 degrees for other reactors ; it also reacts under low pressure .
The low temperature and pressure requirements lower the demands of the equipment and the conditions for the reaction ; as a result , the reactor becomes safer .
Besides , in order to make the reaction safer , the engineers in Japan have found out the methods to prevent the chemical reactions of sodium itself and the leak of sodium by using double-wall piping method , highly reliable equipment with double-wall tube and sensitive leak detector .
Therefore , sodium-cooled fast reactors are very safe and also safer than the other reactors in the fourth generation .
Some pacifists are sceptical about the safety of nuclear energy because reprocessing nuclear waste is controversial as it separates out plutonium , a key ingredient of advanced nuclear weapons .
Besides , they are worried that nuclear reactors would become a terrorist target because of the radioactive waste .
Nevertheless , these terrible things wo n't happen in sodium-cooled fast reactors , because the reaction is within the core and the recycling is closed , which means the recycling is not separated out .
As a consequence , people do not need to worry about the radioactive waste during the production .
Besides the problem of safety , another problem is the cost .
The costs of nuclear reactors which consists of the construction cost , operating cost and decommissioning cost are very high .
Several billion dollars is needed to get a nuclear reactor going and the sodium-cooled fast reactors are even more expensive than the other ones .
Having seen the value of the sodium-cooled fast reactors , many countries are investing in the sodium-cooled fast reactors .
Meanwhile , many engineers are looking for methods to cut the cost of nuclear reactors .
Specifically , the cost can be reduced by reducing the number of refuelling outages , compacting the reactor vessel , sampling the vessel internals , reducing the loop number , shortening the pipes , integrating the primary components and so on .
Thus , we should believe in the bright future of the cost-effective sodium-cooled fast reactors .
As one of the fourth generation of nuclear reactors , the sodium-cooled fast reactor has its own advantages .
It is safer and it is now under further improvement in many developed countries .
Briefly , sodium-cooled fast reactors have brilliant prospects and the public do not need to be much concerned about their safety .
This was partly due to the 1979 incident at Three Mile Island , Pennsylvania where a partial reactor meltdown occurred , and the 1986 incident at Chernobyl in Ukraine , where the reactor core exploded , which resulted in casualties and spewing harmful debris across Europe ( Butler , 2004 ) .
Also , the new reactors are designed with the following objectives in mind : economic competitiveness , enhanced safety , minimal radioactive waste generation and proliferation resistance .
This way , the temperature at the core outlet can reach more than 1000 ° C ( Corwin , 2003 ) .
It can therefore be used as a significant source of electrical power and hydrogen generation or as a heat source .
Not only is it advantageous to sodium because it can be subjected to high temperature , it is also efficient in the transfer of thermal energy .
Therefore in my opinion , VHTR is rated better in terms of physical protection and performance as compared to SFR .
Active and passive safeguard features against accidents are to be carefully considered .
To reduce the probability of radioactive elements leaking to the atmosphere , there must be an emphasis on the human factors pertaining to plant operations .
VHTR employs the method of burying waste into the floor bed of deep oceans in the middle of inactive oceanic tectonic plates .
Even with deep trenches used , it is possible that life forms living in them would bring back the still harmful nuclear waste back into contact with other life forms .
A key issue on the SFR system is the reduction of cost to competitive levels .
With innovations to reduce capital cost , it can be extended to electricity production , given the proven capability of sodium reactors to utilize almost all of the energy in the natural uranium .
Despite challenges within steps of the nuclear fuel cycle , they can be solved with improvements in technology and with global cooperation .
Although VHTR has the advantage of high fuel burn up , SFR performs better in areas such as having low maintenance and operating cost , passive safety and potential modular construction .
VHTR must overcome these challenges , particularly in reactor safety and costs in order to be comparable with the SFR system .
( ElBaradei , 2005 ) Critics have found out that mechanical errors such as the building of Unit 4 was not up to its highest standards and that some of its safety devices were faulty , while the human management of the whole plant was questionable .
Safety measures , for example installing auto power shut-off for the reactors in the event of an accident or oversight , would have been taken to assist the operators should any human error occurred .
Having said that , the use of psychology during the process is done on the basis of an ideal situation , where the human labour is of the highly skilled and with high capabilities .
Critics have brought out the point that the explosion of Unit 4 was due to the poor management of the whole plant , from the failure to follow certain safety standards , to the design flaws of the reactor and structure , and to the incompetency of the labour .
( North , 2006 ) Furthermore , the state was practicing the policy of secrecy for 35 years , such that only certain information on safety standards was made known and approved , while the design flaws were always hidden from the light .
( Munipov , ND ) Psychology is the study of the mind and if it is included in the design process , the design would be seen from the user 's perspective and thus the end product would have an effective design .
The use of psychology during the design process would have minimized the effects of the accident , but would not have prevented it from happening because the accident happened due to the combination of errors on multiple levels , such as the context of time and national culture .
On the 20 April 2004 at about 3.30pm in the afternoon , a major construction incident occurred in Singapore , the collapse of Nicoll Highway .
This incident has also resulted in 4 fatalities and 3 casualties .
The incident is mainly due to the collapse of a deep excavation work alongside Nicoll Highway .
What could have caused this incident ?
According to the committee of inquiry ( Press Release 2005 , Ministry of Manpower ) , it was concluded that the incident was due to inadequate temporary works and design construction errors .
Very often , such mistakes are always linked to the negligence and carelessness of humans .
Psychological factors play an important role in the root of this incident .
The use of such model then led to serious false predictions of forces which resulted in the fatal catastrophe .
The incident was due to the carelessness of the engineers then .
According to Land Transport Authority 's counsel K- Shanmugam ( 2005 ) , Nishimatsu-Lum Chang maintained that designs were satisfactory even after the discovery of minor designs faults and pressured LTA to allow them to continue their excavation activities .
It was observed that the main contractors wanted to avoid troubles and further expenses for rectifications of minor faults , hence resulting in the negligence .
Psychological factors in the design processes such as negligence , impatience and carelessness led to inadequate instrumentation and monitoring works , improper handling of the instrumentation data .
From the analysis of major accidents , we learnt that human actions always play a major role in triggering accidents as well as mitigating their consequences .
The committee of inquiry for the incidence also pointed out that the temporary works pertaining to deep excavation were not regulated to the same degree as the permanent works .
They tend to have a psychological effect of letting down their guards in the designs where the standards are not as strict , often leading to carelessness , negligence and eventually accidents .
Many of the workplace incidents such as the collapse of Nicoll Highway have been traditionally categorized as a single component failure Design error .
Occupational hazards and individual workplace accidents are very often influenced by individual constructs like motivation , perception , attitude and decision- making ( Fahlbruch and Wilpert , 1999 ) .
The problem is not simply due to design faults , as the root of these design faults is usually psychological factors such as carelessness , lousy moods , fatigue and inability to stay focused .
When there is a strong safety psychological awareness culture , accidents could be prevented !
There are three main reasons for this incident : cost cutting on the temporary structure , the lack of concentration at work and negligence in checking the design of the structure due to its temporary identity .
Erroneous individual action is a crucial link in this chain .
In order to avoid the delay penalty of S $ 25M , Nishimatsu-Lum Chang ( NLC ) , the contractor company for constructing Mass Rapid Transport under Nicoll Highway , did not seek their client Singapore 's Land Transport Authority ( LTA ) 's approval on the replacement of material .
If both NLC and LTA could communicate and negotiate efficiently on the extension of the deadline , NLC might not have resorted to risk compromising safety for fines .
Although the standard legal law set by the Employment Act states that each employee can only work 44 hours per week ( Foreign , 2003 ) , NLC did not obey the law .
Therefore , it is necessary to forbid the company from making the workers work overtime .
As a result , workers tend to pay less attention to the details and surroundings and are more inclined to erroneous action which , in this case , posed great dangers .
If anyone was alert , there would have had enough time to evacuate everybody from the site before it actually collapsed since it took 1 hour for the first failure of the connection to the total collapse of the excavation ( Design , 2005 ) , and the incident might not have happened .
There was no law stating safety rules for temporary structures in 2004 ; thus , it was not compulsory to make the temporary structure a very well-built one .
Problems arise where individual perspectives come to play a part .
Assumption has always been made when some people are doing the 'assuring ' job .
In addition to make the design process worse .
First , the LTA personnel thought that the contractors would do a good job on designing the structure and do the calculations to ensure it is acceptable and assumed that the contractors already did the proper checking for the design .
As a result , they missed out 2 mistakes that could be easily spotted .
The first mistake is that the contractors used the wrong soil analysis at the early stages of the design process .
The second mistake is that the contractors miscalculated the capacity of the loads for the temporary structure .
Moreover , when NLC 's engineers brought out an alternative analysis models , LTA 's engineers rejected them because the latter thought that it was overcautious .
Second , the LTA 's personnel , due to slothfulness , did not do their job on ensuring the safety of building works by performing checks on the construction work .
Currently , there already is a set of Safety Control Process ( Seetoh Hon Hoy , 2005 ) for temporary structure to prevent this from happening again .
By having certain degree of psychology knowledge , we are able to understand human weaknesses so that design processes can incorporate psychological knowledge to improve the system .
This can greatly reduce human errors made during work which may able to reduce accidents from happening .
Acting like a double edged sword , it is hailed as the wonder that can solve current energy crisis while critics believe incidents such as 1986 Chernobyl accidents in Ukraine and 1976 Three Mile Islands reactors meltdown may occur again .
However , due to worldwide soaring increase in carbon emission , a series of new generation IV nuclear generators concepts have been proposed .
Lead cooled fast reactor ( LFR ) is one of them .
Among the six proposed generation IV reactors , three of them belong to fast reactors .
Fast reactors utilize neutrons of much higher energy to cause fission , which differs from present types of reactors that slow down neutrons using moderators such as water .
LFR is a type of fast reactors that rely on lead as coolant in the reactor .
Its ability to provide reliable safety , efficient waste management and effective cost minimization enables itself to have a competitive edge over other energy sources .
Skeptics believe that if nuclear energy replaces oil to further increase its current 21percent contribution of electricity in the United States , the nuclear reactors may become potential targets for terrorist groups .
In addition , there is still no safe guarantee that these new LFRs operate without any malfunction as they have not been presented to the National Regulatory Council for review .
Despite all these factors , general public may not be aware of the refined safety measures that these new reactors possess .
First of all , all generation IV nuclear reactors include passive design that relies on law of nature , which simplifies the current nuclear generator design that has redundant valves and control system .
Therefore , during any emergency process , the required human intervention is minimized .
Moreover , LFR has a safety advantage compared to the other nuclear reactors designs .
Calculation has been done to show that LFR has a better safety design mainly because lead serves as a better coolant that does not react as readily as sodium and air .
( Kamil Tuek , 2006 ) In fact , the number of incidents that may lead to severe accidents has been declining in recent years .
The waste management is another problematic issue in the current generation III nuclear reactors .
An ordinary thermal nuclear reactor is only to extract approximately only 5 percent energy contained in uranium .
( Smith , 2009 ) That shows the other 95 percent of the energy would end up as waste and need to be stored in safety for thousands of years .
Millions of tons of radioactive materials are currently sitting somewhere in this world .
Instead of waiting for them to lose their radioactivity , a fast reactor is able to utilize most energy from the remaining 95 percent energy .
With current nuclear energy wastes sitting in the storage sites , GE Hitachi Company believes the power extracted would be able to meet 70 years of energy demands in USA .
( GE Reports , 2009 ) By supporting the research on LFR , not only would it provide tremendous energy power to the world , but it would also solve the headache waste issue that every OECD nation is facing .
Feasibility also needs to be analyzed in our discussion .
One current LFR research , SSTAR ( Small , Sealed , Transportable , Autonomous Reactor ) offers a good solution in minimizing the capital cost of building a nuclear reactor .
Manufacturing costs including materials , expertise requirement and manpower have effectively been lessened with this concept .
We do not know which research may ripen before the others .
LFR , a highly feasible solution for the earth 's energy crisis , has a clear direction and promising future .
It deserves more human and financial resources in order for it to reach the maturity stage .
Safe , less waste and more affordable , these are the characteristics of our future energy .
On April 26 , 1986 , one of the four nuclear reactors at the Chernobyl power station , Ukraine , exploded .
This disaster has raised great public concern about the safety of nuclear power .
Helium is an inert gas .
Some promising materials like zirconium carbide can allow the plants to perform at the temperature up to 1800 ° C ( U.S .
The success of this reactor suggests that more advanced temperature-resistant materials can be developed in the near future .
According to research , the radioactivity for the VHTR waste is relatively small compared with the other reactors .
VHTR produces " less heavy metal radioactive waste " and " less plutonium per unit of energy produced " because of VHTR 's high thermal efficiency ( Shropshire and Herring , 2004 ) .It has a high thermal efficiency of over 50 % , while other reactors only have a thermal efficiency of 33 % -50 % ( U.S .
DOE Nuclear Energy Research Advisory Committee , 2009 ) .Thus , VHTR is less harmful to the environment .
Some opponents may think that VHTR would be very costly .
VHTR has the advantage of meticulous safety designs , small environmental impact and relatively low cost .
Therefore , VHTR could be a promising nuclear reactor for the " Nuclear power 's new dawn " .
Although VHTR is designed to be a high-energy-efficient system , there is evidence that shows MSR is the better concept .
Proponents of VHTR claim that it has an inherent passive safety feature for both the fuel and the reactor ( Goethem 2008 ) .
This is due to the nature of molten fluoride salts , which are used as coolant and are mechanically and chemically stable at sea-level pressures ( Forsberg 2004 ) .
In other words the MSR 's core can not have a steam explosion ; thus , it eliminates the need for additional advanced technology to control the high pressure .
But unlike VHTR , MSR uses another kind of fuel cycle called thorium , which is much more abundant in nature than uranium ( David.S 2007 ) . The first advantage of using a thorium fuel cycle is the ability to burn up most of the actinides which produce radioactivity .
Unlike thorium , enriched uranium used in VHTR can potentially produce a bomb .
Moreover uranium is limited in supply and not as abundant as thorium .
The need for expensive fuel-enrichment facilities is unnecessary when thorium is being used as the main fuel cycle too .
Automation throughout the reactors and passive safety features are just some of the technologies implemented to make the Generation IV reactors safer .
With the combination of thorium being used as the main fuel cycle , MSR is a safe reactor with an abundant source of fuel .
In terms of safety and fuel technologies used , MSR stands in a better position than VHTR .
The world 's population will expand further in the next few decades .
Countries around the globe are all working for a better quality of life , driving up the demand for energy .
However , if a mixture of energy production options is continued , it will impact the environment adversely and cause climate change in the long term .
Nuclear power plants are providing 16 % of the electricity in the world , the largest share provided by non- greenhouse-gas-emitting source ( A Technology Roadmap for Generation IV Nuclear Energy Systems , 2002 ) .
Many countries of the world , both industrialized and developing , believe that nuclear energy can be used to meet their demand because of its long-term sustainability and absence of environmental impacts .
The concept of Generation IV Nuclear Energy System ( NES ) is able to meet this demand and its implementation is inevitable .
With ongoing Research & Development ( R&D ) for its related technology , GFR is predicted to be delivered by 2025 .
Though questions have been raised on its pending features of development , GFR should be chosen as the research prototype due to its performance , safety and economics features .
There has been doubt on the safety of the GFR system .
It is also one of the objectives of a Generation IV NES to " increase the assurance that they are a very unattractive and the least desirable route for diversion or theft of weapons-usable materials , and provide increased physical protection against acts of terrorism " ( A Technology Roadmap for Generation IV Nuclear Energy Systems , 2002 ) .
To address this , the GFR system has involved measures to enhance PR & PE and has adopted an actinide management to ensure nuclear waste utilization and availability of fuel in the long term .
With the effort of scientists and researchers , GFR will be safely deployable if the technical hurdles are overcome .
Each of the six prototypes costs about US $ 1 billion ( Butler , 2004 ) .
However in the long term , the cost is justified by the economics-of-scale .
Hence , scientists are researching the fourth generation nuclear reactor which can provide higher power output and at the same time reduce risks .
However , many people are still concerned about the risk of the nuclear energy and aftermath consequences which last long to disperse as what happened in the World War II .
In my essay , I shall discuss about the key features of the nuclear reactor and its comparison with other alternative energy sources .
The main misconception about nuclear energy is its radiation and its possibility to explode once it is under attack .
In the history , only two accidents occurred , the Three Mile Island and Chenobyl incident .
However , we need to know that the latter incident happened at the generation I nuclear reactor , and it did n't follow the safety regulation then , hence causing the accident .
It is highly notable that since Chenobyl incident there has been no more accident .
According to WNA , the current safety standard for nuclear reactors is 1 in 10000 core damage , which means that the core will possibly damage once in 10000 operation years .
The United States reactors now have the safety standard of 1 in 100000 , much better than required .
In fact , in comparison with other energy sources , nuclear energy has the lowest fatality , as shown on the figure below : Source : Applied Energy 75 ( 2003 ) 7986
However , people are worried about the waste of the conventional reactor which takes millions of years to decay .
The new generation 4 nuclear reactor promises an excellent solution with its byproduct decaying in just decades .
Also , it will produce hydrogen which can be used as another type of fuel .
Hence , the new reactor is more environmentally friendly and at the same time reduces people 's fear of the waste .
Finally , given that people are worried about nuclear power , it is much needed that we should research on it so that it will be safer and more efficient for us .
Hence , we should conduct research on a new generation of reactors even more to replace the old ones .
In conclusion , nuclear power is the solution for the current energy crisis .
By researching the new generation of nuclear reactors , we can enjoy more efficient and safer energy around us .
Further research and development funding for Generation IV nuclear reactors , particularly the Very- High-Temperature Reactor ( VHTR ) , should be supported .
Ever since Mankind has started using fossil fuels for energy , 400 billion tonnes of carbon has been released and eventually would raise world temperatures by 13 degrees Celsius ( Zoe,n.d. ) .
Global warming has become an inevitable issue .
Mankind 's hunger for energy is ever increasing , and experts agree that fossil fuels might deplete within the next 50 years ( John,2006 ) .
Nuclear energy has been proposed to be the solution to this critical issue .
There are , however , concerns about nuclear power with respect to its safety , economic viability and waste disposal .
Nonetheless , the advantages Generation IV nuclear power , specifically the Very-High- Temperature reactor ( VHTR ) , could provide can offset its high start up cost and overcome its disadvantages .
Thus , further research and development funding for VHTR should be supported .
There was a partial meltdown in 1979 at Three Mile Island and there was also an accident in at Chernobyl , causing casualties and spewing radioactive waste across Europe .
It will take a lot of convincing for the public to accept nuclear power as a safe source of energy . However , such incidents are anomalous .
The technology has since improved and many new safety and monitoring features have been included .
Even though there have been several instances of leaks and other safety incidents , there have been no major accidents and no known deaths have been resulted ( The Economist , 2009 ) .
Helium is a noble gas and will not react with other materials even at high temperature , which makes the model safer ( Butler,D .
The start up cost of a nuclear power plant is expensive .
Many might argue that it is more economically viable to continue using fossil fuels for energy . However , continual burning of fossil fuels increases the emission of greenhouse gases .
Furthermore , fossil fuels are a rapidly decreasing limited resource .
The price of fossil fuels will increase exponentially in the near future due to increasing demand and fast decreasing supply .
Some would say nuclear power plants are a source of nuclear weapons and might become potential terrorist targets . Some other concepts for the reactor might involve waste reprocessing and recycling which separates out plutonium , a main ingredient of advanced nuclear weapon ( Butler,D .
Therefore , VHTR is a safe model and would eliminate any such concerns .
VHTR would be an ideal model to supply nuclear energy to resolve the problems .
However , VHTR includes features and benefits that would offset its disadvantages .
Increasing energy needs and global warming are restoring the idea of nuclear power .
According to Butler ( 2004 ) by 2050 the carbon dioxide level in the air is expected to double , causing severe global warming .
There are many different green energy sources such as solar energy , turbine generated energy from wave and wind , but nuclear energy , especially the Very High Temperature Reactor , can be the most reliable source of energy in the future when security , safety and cost of nuclear power could be resolved .
Security issue against terrorist attacks and the use of the energy for nuclear weapons is a major concern when we think about nuclear power .
The destructive power of nuclear bombs can be seen in the history of World War 2 , when two atomic bombs were used on Japan , killing 220000 people .
As technology becomes more advanced , hydrogen bombs which are deadlier are now available and the world would be in trouble if these bombs are in the wrong hands as incidents worse than September 11 may happen .
During the process of recycling , plutonium , a key ingredient for advance nuclear weapon , is produced .
Most countries including The United States has refrained from reprocessing nuclear waste and has discouraged other from doing so too .
Since the very high temperature of VHTR does not allow the waste to be recycled , the problem that people may misuse the technology will be resolved .
Even if there is recycling of waste , convectional reprocessing does not generate weapon grade plutonium and chemicals could be used to spike the plutonium to make it too hot to steal or transport .
Safety issue is definitely a concern as the history of the Three Mile Island in 1979 and the Chernobyl incident in 1986 has left a long lasting bad impression of nuclear plants .
During the Chernobyl incident the plant was blown apart in a very short time and 31 deaths were caused immediately .
The worst thing was not the immediate death but the exposure of humans to radiation .
After the explosion the land was to be vacated and would no longer be usable and the number of cancer cases is believed to have increased in Europe .
However the number of deaths is much smaller for nuclear accidents than that for coal mining ones as cave-in usually results in hundreds and thousands of death .
One of the reasons for the Chernobyl accident was the staff inexperience , but for the newer plant there will be more advanced safety enhancement and inbuilt automatic safety features that will cool themselves in times of emergency .
Although the cost of building a nuclear plant is very high and the price of the energy generated is higher than that we have in the market , development on nuclear plants is still a necessity .
In the long run the price of the energy generated by coal and oil would skyrocket as the tax for carbon emissions will increase exponentially .
The development of nuclear plants , especially the Very High Temperature Reactor , would prevent this .
The very high temperature reactor can generate both electricity and hydrogen and it is 50 % more effective than the conventional reactor and it allows countries to be self sufficient in terms of energy .
Nuclear power is one technology that must be increasingly promoted and relied upon if the world is to stabilize carbon emissions at an acceptable level .
In the modern world , nuclear power is widely used . There are more than 400 nuclear power plants operating in 30 countries , which supply almost 17 percent of the world 's electricity .
However , after research , I think the Gas- cooled fast reactor is the better one .
Actually , it can make use of 99 % of fuel .
The performance of sodium-cooled fast reactor seems so perfect ; however , compared with the performance of the gas-cooled fast reactor , that of sodium-cooled fast reactor is not perfect anymore .
The gas-cooled fast reactor is also a closed fuel cycle and the use of fuel can reach 99 % as well .
The outlet temperatures in the range of the gas-cooled fast reactor are around 850 , so its theoretical value of thermal efficiency is 50 % .
That of the sodium-cooled fast reactor is just 47 % .
Obviously , the most significant part of the safety features of the sodium- cooled fast reactor is the control action .
Thus , no matter which generation IV reactor is used , if its system has control action , it is also relatively safe .
Furthermore , the gas-cooled fast reactor also has its own control action in the system .
This control makes the gas-cooled fast reactor as safe as the sodium-cooled fast reactor .
Some evidence shows the sodium-cooled fast reactor can reduce the cost of the raw material by changing the materials used .
However , as the sodium-cooled fast reactor was developed later than the other kinds of reactors , especially later than the gas-cooled fast reactor , the cost of research and investigation of the sodium-cooled fast reactor is so huge .
Because of this , many developed countries do not have enough money to build a sodium-cooled fast reactor .
Therefore , the application of the sodium-cooled fast reactor is hindered .
Compared with the sodium-cooled fast reactor , the gas-cooled fast factor is an old one which has been developed and widely used since 1979 .
Its cost of development is far less than that of the sodium-cooled fast reactor .
Its main cost is just the annual depreciation which is far less than the development cost of the sodium- cooled reactor .
However , the sodium-cooled fast reactor should be checked for several years before it could be used .
Therefore , the gas-cooled fast reactor is better than the sodium-cooled fast reactor in terms of cost .
It has the larger thermal efficiency and lower cost of expense and time .
Even though the safety of sodium-cooled fast reactor may be better than that of the gas-cooled fast reactor , it can not change the fact that the gas-cooled fast reactor is better than the sodium-cooled fast reactor at the present stage , because there is still no way to make the nuclear power totally safe now .
According to the latest energy consumption statistics in 2008 , the majority of energy consumption was still made up of oil , coal and natural gas , which constituted 34.8 % , 24.2 % and 24.1 % of the total energy consumption respectively .
However , the fact is that at the current consumption pace , within no more than 50 years , oil and natural gas will be used up whereas the coal reserve can also only sustain 120 years more .
When we are faced with the unprecedented energy crisis , finding an alternative energy resource has naturally become the top priority issue .
For the present , nuclear energy is gradually playing an increasingly vital role in energy supply due to its high efficiency and abundant raw materials .
However , some of the public are still concerned about some of the issues associated with nuclear energy , for example cost , safety and performance .
Their concern is understandable , since the nuclear catastrophe which happened in Chernobyl on 26 April 1986 is still fresh in our mind .
But those disasters are mainly resulted from humans ' improper operation .
Besides , as Declan Butler said , Global warming and rising energy needs are rehabilitating the concept of nuclear power .
Furthermore , with the six generation IV reactor concepts coming out , especially the VHTR , I firmly believe all the difficulties will be resolved in the near future .
Frankly speaking , this problem does exist , but we can view it from another perspective , which means comparing its cost with that of other kinds of power plants under all the same conditions .
But the raw material like uranium enrichment used for nuclear reactors is much cheaper with the same amount of energy output .
In addition , unlike the heat-energy reactor , the gas emitted by the nuclear reactor during the operation has little influence on the environment and global warming .
Secondly , numerous people are holding the view that the nuclear reactor still holds huge potential safety risks .
Reviewing the history , the Chernobyl and the Three Mile Island catastrophes indeed witnessed the enormous harm the nuclear reactor could cause .
Currently , the materials applied in VHTR are more advanced and steady compared to those used in previous reactors .
For example , the Carbon-Fibre reinforced Carbon can bear the highest temperature which VHTR could generate .
In addition , due to the tri-structure-isotropic and its multi layer , the waste will become difficult to crack and will not harmful radiation and fission products .
Therefore , the waste becomes concentrated and easy to deal with .
Lastly , many opponents still doubt the performance of nuclear reactors .
As we all know , the reactor is small in size while large in energy output .
For example , the energy generated by one kilogram of uranium is equal to the energy generated by 2400 tons of coal .
Besides , a study done last year by a group of scientists and economists looked at the potential for the power generated by nuclear energy believed that the production of nuclear energy will triple by 2050 .
Therefore , nuclear energy can take the lead in supplying more energy and decreasing the emission of greenhouse gases generated by the burning of fossil fuels .
In conclusion , I firmly believe that the huge potential benefits the nuclear reactor creates will no doubt attract more support not only from the government but also from the public and once the construction of VHTR is completed , I think the dawn of nuclear energy will also come .
These nuclear reactors , unlike the conventional power plants , do not produce greenhouse gases ( Gerstner , 2009 ) .
Thus , there should be funding for research and development for Generation IV nuclear reactors .
Some people think that the radioactive wastes produced by nuclear reactors are more dangerous than the greenhouse gases .
Furthermore , the nuclear plant produces a large amount of waste ( 12,000 tonnes ) ; thus , disposal becomes an issue ( Gerstner , 2009 ) .
Currently , most of the nuclear reactors use nuclear fission to produce energy and a large volume of radioactive wastes is produced .
It was found that through thermonuclear fusion , it could reduce the radioactivity and the volume of wastes produced by nuclear fission ( Gerstner , 2009 ) .
In this way it reduces the threat that the wastes would be used for developing nuclear weapons .
It also solves the problem of disposal .
Hence there should be funding to research and develop the hybrid concept in the Generation IV reactors .
This would not have happened if there have been funding for research and development to produce a cheaper reactor .
According to studies,
the nuclear reactors now produce electricity at 6.7cents per kWh after considering the set up cost , cost of fuel , operating cost and cost of disposal . This is comparable as gas and coal plants produce electricity at 3.8 to 5.6 cents per kWh ( Giles , 2006 ) .
After a 50 % more energy is reduced the nuclear reactor would be cheaper power plants using coal and gas .
Hence there should be funding for R&D for the Generation IV reactors .
Some people have the impression from the two major incidents which happened in Chernobyl , Ukraine and the Three Mile Island , Pennsylvania that nuclear reactors are dangerous and so are against the idea of having nuclear reactors .
This would not happen in the new reactors as they have better cooling systems that will allow the plants to cool down faster when they reach too high a temperature ( Butler , 2004 ) .
Nuclear energy helps in coping with global warming by not producing greenhouses gases unlike conventional energy sources .
Although it produces a large amount of radioactive wastes , if the hybrid reactor could be produced , the wastes would not be a problem .
Furthermore Generation IV reactors are able to produce more energy ; thus , the cost of the energy would be cheaper .
Lastly it has better systems which would prevent similar incidents as the meltdown of the nuclear power reactor .
The very high temperature reactor is one of the six Generation IV reactor concepts , which are designed to be a high-efficiency system so that it can supply electricity and process heat to a broad spectrum of high-temperature and energy-intensive processes .
Some of its excellent features have inspired the United States to do a lot of research on the very high temperature reactor .
Now , the very high temperature reactor is still under development .
Even when the opposite opinions exist , it is still necessary to develop the very high temperature reactor .
Some accidents of nuclear power plants , such as the Chernobyl disaster which occurred on 26 April 1986 at the Chernobyl Nuclear Power Plant , caused huge panic about the nuclear power plant .
Researches done by the experts in the United State showed that the security of the very high temperature would be improved quite a lot .
First , since the core is composed of helium , whose coolant is , and graphite whose thermal inertia is very large , the core becomes very steady and safe .
In addition , the fuel of the very high temperature reactor will be sent to repositories for final geologic disposal which will reduce both the lifetime and toxicity of the radioactive waste .
Given that the cost of the nuclear power plant including the very high temperature reactor is very high and it will take several decades to recover the cost , opponents think it is not reasonable to use the very high temperature reactor .
However , according to the research done by the experts , the very high temperature reactor will be designed such that the generation cost will be competitive when compared with other energy sources and the capital investment cost will be low enough for a large number of countries .
Hence , the very high temperature will prove to be competitive in pricing .
According to the goal of the design of the very high temperature reactor , besides electricity , the very high temperature reactor can also provide heat which can be used for industry processes .
All the energy generated by the very high temperature reactor will reduce the usage of the fossil fuel .
The safety and cost of the high temperature reactor should not be used to limit the development of the very high temperature reactor ; on the contrary , they should be considered as challenges to be overcome .
Anyway , the research about the very high temperature reactor shows that the very high temperature reactor is beneficial to the society .
Therefore , the very high temperature reactor should be developed .
In the twenty-first century , the world is developing in such a rapid pace that has never occurred in the past .
Countries like China and India enjoy an up to 8 % increase of their GDP almost every year .
Besides the increase of GDP , carbon dioxide emission is also reaching the highest level compared to the past .
Obvious climate changes experienced in many countries and regions remind us that the green house effect is really dangerous to the earth .
We should stop destroying our earth by continuing mining and generating electricity through coal plants .
However , opponents feel that nuclear power is not acceptable mainly due to safety , cost and pollution .
In fact , by using Generation Four nuclear power plant in the coming future , these problems can be solved definitely .
And among all types of the Generation IV nuclear power technology , the very-high-temperature reactor ( VHTR ) would be the best choice due to its safety , efficiency and environment friendliness .
The reactor meltdown in 1979 at Three Mile Island , Pennsylvania seems to show that nuclear power technology is extremely dangerous to use .
I do admit that some of the public have lost their confidence and trust after this accident happened .
However , we should understand that the TML used pressurized water reactor which is Generation Two model and that it is less safe than VHTR which is a Generation Four model .
VHTR makes use of helium , an inert gas , as coolant .
Secondly , supporters of traditional power plants argue that the cost of building nuclear plants is much higher than that of building coal plants .
Actually , the construction cost of nuclear power plants keeps on decreasing in the past few years .
For example , the construction cost for the first third generation reactor , ABWR , built in Japan was 2000 per KW , while the Chinese Nuclear Power Industry has built new plants of their own design at capital costs reported to be $ 1500 per KW and $ 1300 per KW at sites in South-East and North-East China recently .
In addition , the maintenance and labor cost of VHTR is much less than that of the coal plants .
With the low maintenance fees , low labor cost and the high output of electricity , the total cost of the VHTR is actually less than that of the coal plants after a few years of operation .
Thirdly , opponents of nuclear power plants worry that the disposal of radioactive waste from the plants will cause serious illness or even death to people who live or work near the place .
However , VHTR has a reactor core made of graphite , which possesses high stability even in high temperatures .
And by using uranium dioxide fuel particles coated with graphite , the reactors will not release radioactive substances even in extreme high temperatures .
Among the generation IV reactors , the very-high-temperature reactor is most likely to be the best choice due to its safety , efficiency and environment friendliness .
As a good solution towards green house effect , we expect to see a bright future of nuclear power technology and it will be adopted in more countries in next few decades .
The accident was caused by the lack of the use of psychology during the design process , and could have been prevented , had more psychological considerations been taken into the aircraft designs .
However , some people say that the accident was caused due to human errors .
In this situation people can not say that the Pan Am officer did not do his job because he kept lookout on the surroundings , but in the midst of the fog , the presence of the KLM aircraft signaled an ambiguous message .
If an alarm was sounded when safety distance between the Pan Am and KLM aircraft was breached , the Pan Am crew would have steered their aircraft away from hazard .
Had he been warned by the ringing alarm of a proximity sensor , he would have gotten enough time to respond and not to panic when the impending collision was apparent .
For these reasons , we conclude that the accident in the Tenerife runway could have been avoided , had the use of psychology been applied in the designing process .
At the beginning of 2002 , 438 nuclear power plants were in operation in 31 countries around the world , generating electricity for one billion people .
The Three Mile Island accident occurred Pennsylvania ; The Chernobyl accident happened in Ukraine .
We while using nuclear power .
As a result , a new generation of nuclear power- the six generation IV reactors concepts were raised to solve this problem .
Among all these six generation IV nuclear reactor plants , I think the very-high-temperature reactor is the most promising one .
For the last few years , very few new nuclear power plants have been built .
We are worried about not only the shortage of technology but also the danger of terrorists .
Nuclear power could be easily used as a weapon because we do not need to consider controlling the bomb , but if we use nuclear power as energy , then we should make it safe for us to operate it .
The big danger hidden in nuclear power plant also makes it a target for those who want to destroy it .
From " Baidu " dictionary , we know that the power released in the Chernobyl Accident was about 400 times as big as the atom bomb which the US threw in Hiroshima .
We must make sure that there is not a little danger in our building when using nuclear power .
Our new technology used in VHTR nuclear power plants includes simplified safety features that do not rely on sophisticated backup systems or experienced operators .
VHTR is 'meltdown proof " and can cool themselves down even if anyone shuts off the coolant or power supply .
( Nuclear power 's new dawn ) Instead of taking great caution in using traditional nuclear power plants , now we can make the most of nuclear power .
Therefore , the second advantage of VHTR is because VHTR does n't produce any nuclear waste .
We may cut the cost spending using nuclear waste when we use VHTR .
Hydrogen has its high thermal value and can also be used without any pollution .
VHTR uses Helium as its coolant instead today 's water-cooled reactors and transfers energy into hydrogen which surely saves the source .
In the society today,there are many ideas or concepts that are currently in the stages of research and development .
Some of the ideas and new creations which fall into this category are robotics and hybrid cars .
There are many reasons amounting to the factors which result in the delaying of mass production in the market .
With regard to hybrid cars , prior to the mass production and usage of it , there are some factors with respect to the construction of the vehicle that we have to factor in in order to increase the safety aspects of usage .
Some of the vito factors leading to increased safety levels require the addition of new features into the vehicle as well as modifications made to current existing design .
I hope that in the near future , we are able to do our part for our mother Earth by driving such hybrid cars as it reduces greenhouse gases since it is not driven by petrol or diesel , but at the same time not compromise our personal safety .
Furthermore , due to the depletion of unrenewable energy such as coal and fossil fuel , , scientists scientists in many countries have started to seek a new source of energy , which is nuclear energy .
Although the potential for the uses of nuclear power energy is great , there are a number of opponents with anti-nuclear sentiments preventing the construction of nuclear plants in the past few decades in many countries .
Therefore , the very-high temperature reactor ( VHTR ) was introduced to meet global energy demands .
After the catastrophe that happened at Chernobyl , Russia 1986 , the World start to be concerned more carefully about the safety and security of nuclear power reactors .
A majority of the public have been opposing the development of nuclear plants around their living areas .
As a result , nuclear industry has stepped into the degradation , causing the world 's energy crisis .
However , nowadays scientists have proved that with measured caution , nuclear power could be used to supply alternated energy to the world as the fossil fuels would come to an end soon .
At the same time there is a lot of evidences show that nuclear power could be considered as the best suggestion to mitigate global warming .
First of all , the public is against the proposal of building nuclear power plant to supply electrical energy as they are very concerned with safety of the plant .
One part of an overstrained turbine unit which weighed 1,500 tons snapped off from its restraining bolts and flowed 14 meters into the air , causing floods .
Although some contend psychology used in designing can prevent accidents , there are some reasons and evidence to oppose the theory of psychology in design processes can prevent accidents .
If the system was designed in a way that it automatically shuts down when there was a default in the system , the plant 's operation would have been stopped and the accident would not have occurred .
But contenders pointed that accidents are unaccepted event that happens .
Therefore , during the psychological process of thinking , mistakes can occur which result in poor design and lead to accidents .
To close the arguments , accidents are mistakes with bad consequences .
It is not an excuse for them to quibble that they have no idea of the quality of the O-ring because they have not collected sufficient data to prove that the O-ring can not stand low temperature .
By applying psychology , we can avoid a certain mindset and learn to be more responsible and considerate .
Owing to the public 's concerns about the safe operation nuclear power , research and development , funding for nuclear power has been rather minimal .
Finally , nuclear power might give rise to strained relations between nations .
It is because the heat efficiency in current nuclear plants is only 1 % , which means 99 % of the energy generated by nuclear plants is wasted4 , but Scientists have already found ways to increase the heat efficiency .
In the design of VHTR system , the radioactive uranium and plutonium will run automatically into the recycle so that it can offer an enhanced waste typo .
There have been many engineering accidents in the past and now they are still not avoided .
The main cause of most accidents is the error .
It can be due to knowledge of operators , inadequate training of operators , poor design and poor communication among team members .
However , further investigations have shown that these could be prevented at the initial stage which was at the design stage .
The designer usually thinks that the user may know how to use the product by reading through the manual provided .
When there was a surge of power , they tried to put back control rods , hoping that the power level could be lowered .
In fact , it did not happen as expected ; the power increased dramatically and an explosion occurred .
As a result , easily-understood-understood manuals will be provided , more accurate safety systems would be installed and sufficient training and sharing session between design engineers and operators would be conducted to have common opinions instead of assumptions .
Therefore , nowadays there is encouragement to have human scientists ( psychologists ) in the design team ( Wilpert , 2007 ) .
A correct design at the beginning stage is very important to prevent accidents .
The reasons are that VHTR addresses the worries of public against nuclear power , such as safety , pollution and cost and performance issues .
Firstly , the tremendous increase in consumption of energy due to the growing population and development of nations .
A nuclear plant operates at extremely high temperatures and it relies heavily on coolants to reduce temperature .
This has This has set the testing back and case-based application of new nuclear technologies , though they actually can make a difference .
There will be no more nuclear spills loss of human lives or even an injury for workers within the nuclear plant in case of in-plant emergency .
Even though it has developed very fast in the past decades , it is facing a big problem now that nuclear output is worldwide shrinking .
This is partially because of the left by the disasters of 1979 at Three Mile Island , Pennsylvania , and of 1986 at Chernobyl , Ukraine ( Butler , 2004 ) .
Now people are more concerned about safety instead of the benefits of nuclear power .
There are six designs believed to be the best prospects ( see Table 1 ) .
Since hydrogen is one of the clearest forms of energy in the world and it is not easy to produce , the heat produced by VHTR can help to solve this big problem .
As a result , VHTR can provide more economic energy to meet the demand of the world .
With with regard to this incident , many might argue that the use of psychology would have prevented the accident .
Hence , it is impossible to prevent accidents from happening .
In the lighter water reactor , the light water will boiling in the core vessel so that it produce a lot steam as bubbles in the light water , so that the light water reactor needs a lot of equipment to control these bubbles such as steam generators , steam separators and dryers ( Idaho National Laboratory , 2007 ) .
There are still a lot of people worrying about the nuclear waste of the supercritical water reactor ( U.S. environmental Protection Angency , 2004 ) .
Although the supercritical water reactor is still under research , it has already shown a lot of advantages .
We are on the brink of time whereby global warming will affect the earth severely if we do n't act appropriately .
But accidents that occured in the past were mainly because of lack of skilled workers and security ( Major , 2008 ) .
Among the six technologies mentioned , very high-temperature reactors concept has most potential to be a breakthrough in nuclear technology and therefore its research should be further supported and funded .
This prediction indicates that we need to find alternative sources of energy in order to continue our daily life .
However when we talk about nuclear energy , people will usually associate it with radiation , wastes and missiles .
These wastes are stored in a special concrete storage cylinder to prevent the radiation from leaking to the environment .
It is possible for nuclear energy to be the mainstream energy production when combined with other renewable energy such as solar power .
opponents proposed that nuclear powers are highly vulnerable as nuclear reactors have the probability of becoming terrorist target .
For example , when increasing the radiological intensity of materials , it is hard for people to handle it without severely exposing to radioactive if highly specialized shielding equipment is not used .
This is because the design of the cycle for SCWR is pretty simple as it does not require the use of jet pumps , pressurizes or dryers .
Nonetheless , VHTR faces material constraints as the materials used to design reactors must be able to withstand continued high temperature , intense bombardment in nuclear proliferation and corrosive reagents .
Without weapons grade plutonium in the purest form , the effectiveness of .. is reduced the effectiveness of explosions .
With these features taken into consideration , the thought of building the new generation IV reactors is getting more real .
The money invested can be used to improve healthcare or even harness other forms of energy like solar energy to produce electricity .
With the increase in outside temperature , the performance of the nuclear reactors will drop as it is dependent on the temperature of the nuclear cores .
All signs of life were obliterated and everything was razed to ground zero .
Besides being safe and economic , nuclear power is also environmental friendly as it does not produce any greenhouse gases such as Carbon Dioxide in the case of fossil fuel burning plants .
What is worse , electricity demand is increasing dramatically due to speeded economic development worldwide .
The Space Shuttle Columbia disaster is one of the most serious engineering accidents throughout the history .
It alerted and re-emphasized to us how important the safety design is .
Same as in the Columbia issue , a lot of people just focused on the physical cause of the accident and arbitrarily claimed that it was only the engineering errors that resulted in the final disaster .
As mankind has entered the 21 century , the need for fuel has become increasingly pressing , which has exceeded the amount of fuel required in the past century by most 50 percent .
There are altogether six designs for the generation IV reactors while this essay will focus on one of them named very-high-temperature reactor or VHTR in short and expound on the reasons why it is worth all the research and money put into it .
These two problems , together with a few others , may disrupt further research into and funding for the VHTR .
In conclusion , for the long term consideration , the VHTR is worth the research into and money spent on it as it not only generates energy highly efficiently but produces a by-product which is also a source of clean energy .
It can be seen that if psychology had been incorporated into the design of the instruments , the engineers of the instruments could have anticipated such a problem and included a device to alert the operators in a case when the valve and its related parts fail .
Since then , nuclear power has often been thought to be dangerous and therefore undermining the benefits that it can bring about .
Therefore , technology can reduce the risks of nuclear power and therefore ensure the safety of it .
However , the accident occurred in the year 1986 and there have been no similar major accidents since then .
The difference in monetary value between conventional coal processing and nuclear power is not that big a difference .
This means that the cost of this technology is about the same , if not , less than conventional coal processing .
Unlike the past , nuclear reactors now come with equipment that prevent operational disturbances which will in turn develop into problems .
According to the study , with proper experience in both techniques , there is no advantage in applying the Da Vinci Surgical System .
These will benefit patients by causing less pain less pain , less risk of infection , less blood loss , fewer transfusions , less scarring , faster recovery and a quicker return to normal daily activities .
However , there is much dispute over the use of nuclear reactors .
incomplete sentence
Thus , it will not result in a steam explosion , which can happen in reactors using water as a coolant .
This can ease the fears of the public that terrorists will make nuclear reactors their potential target .
incomplete sentence .
Furthermore , the consequences of it are not so well-known and researched yet as nuclear technology has not been around for a very long time .
In conclusion , the VHTR offers good prospects to be the next generation of reactors .
With the development of science and technologies , the demand for energy keeps increasing .
Some people think nations should cease doing further research and development funding for nuclear power because it will bring some serious problems on safety , security and costs .
Reinforced concrete has the characteristics of firmness and anti high temperature .
Besides the safety , some people are also concerned about security of nuclear power .
Plutonium is also can be used to make nuclear weapons , it is possible for it to be stolen by some terrorists .
In the future , there will be greater development of the nuclear security system to protect against waste stealing and nuclear terrorism .
Nowadays the focus has turned to how to ensure the nuclear energy is safer , more economic-benefited and efficient than other energy choices .
Therefore it is hardly that the reactor will leak .
The world 's energy is going towards depletion , and many countries are seeking alternative energy sources .
This argument is not true as scientists and experts have done research on the materials need to withstand the requirements currently .
In addition , Shuwen Wang ( 2005 ) has also pointed out that " improved control rods and reserve shutdown systems are capable of terminating fission process to control reactivity " ( Very High Temperature Reactor Safety Characteristics , p. 10 ) .
However , other people show the opposite opinion by saying that no matter how well psychology is concerned with safety problems in design , the accident will always happen since human knowledge and experience are limited .
Moreover , the rods are designed with graphite tip which , when first inserted , will increase the reactivity .
Twenty years ago , nuclear power engineering had just developed and engineers lacked experience .
Moreover , the experience and development may come from testing or even accidents .
Thus , to enhance safety , scientists and engineers are obligated to investigate the incidents and find out the causes .
Moreover , the objective of passive safety systems is to completely eliminate core degradation in the design ( A.K .
Due to the fact that a passive safety concept offers an opportunity to effect a large simplification ( in the form of reduction of human intervention and external source of power ) , costs on the construction of nuclear power plants are cut down significantly .
This is an unavoidable dilemma for the advancement of science and everyone has to accept the unforeseeable risks when they are enjoying the benefits .
Overall , nuclear energy holds bright prospects as a front edge technology that would allow us to reduce our dependency on fossil fuels , occupying less land yet generating more power .
According to Butler ( 2004 ) , S.C.W.R is cheap due to its simple design compare to generation III reactors .
Day to day operation jobs are the key to solve unemployment issue as they provide long term employment opportunity in the country .
In this case , alternate sources of energy like solar energy could be considered as the price of solar panels are on a decline ( Solarbuzz , 2009 ) instead of spending billions of dollars building Generation IV reactors .
As the maintenance of a solar energy plant requires many low knowledge based technicians , this will help to create long term jobs for the locals .
As building a nuclear reactor might result in having more foreigners being employed than the locals as it is a high knowledge based job .
Nowadays , the energy problem has gradually become a burning issue among the whole world .
it is also promised to have higher thermal efficienciesapproximately 45 % versus the current 33 % of light water reactors .
Therefore , it is feasible to design such a nuclear reactor .
Thus it is acceptable and worthwhile spending some money on the further material research .
However , we can assume that experienced experts in this field can overcome such obstacles .
As fossil fuels are non-renewable natural resources , it is unwise to be too dependent on them as our main source of energy .
All these major factors have have led many countries to start looking for alternative sources of energy to replace the usage of fossil fuels .
The funds needed for this research would be very high .
In terms of it producing lless waste , GFR has proved to be more outstanding than VHTR .
Building generation IV reactors will cost a lot but only reduce a small amount of world 's greenhouse effect .
The hydrogen gas generated as a by-product can also be sold to hydrogen industry to power hydrogen fuel vehicles .
Some people may believe that the performance of nuclear reactors are generally low and inefficient .
For the past few decades up till now , nuclear power has faced strong opposition from people worldwide .
Almost all of the nuclear waste that could not be reprocessed is being being buried in landfill sites that could take million of years to decompose and also contaminate the land rendering it useless for other purposes .
There have been no major incidents involving nuclear power plants since the Chernobyl incident in 1986 .
Throughout the long-standing history of humanity , the energy has played a crucial role in changing civilization to the new level .
Therefore , we are concentrating on searching for new energy source which can probably replace current fossil fuels .Although with many advantages like high efficiency , no carbon emission and so on , nuclear energy still meets with very strong public opposition , mainly due to memories of two horrible catastrophes in the past : Three Miles Island and Chernobyl .
In in fact recently technology achievements have showed positive signals to one of the six concepts of generation IV reactor - Very High Temperature Reactor , which should receive more support in both research and development funding .
On the other hand , the safety design factor come from the endeavour to overcome currents difficulties : heat- resistant fuels and materials , high fuel burn-ups , and temperature control .
Otherwise , engineers have selected are two nickel base alloys , alloy 230 and alloy 617 to make the Intermediate Heat Exchange .
Since this one can operate at very high temperature , with optimized designs and enhanced fuels , hence it can produce a massive amount of energy .
The problems faced in relation to security are , adequate protection is not provided against the known terrorist capabilities capabilities , the NRC... NRC ( Nuclear Regulatory Commission ) does not use force-on-force tests , without the NRC approval changes in the facilities in the nuclear reactor and procedures operated are being made by the nuclear reactor owners .
Having being questioned and opposed for a long period , the nuclear power , with the rise in advanced generation IV concepts , once again finds its place to help cope with global energy shortage and many environmental issues .
Some people may question whether SWCR is good enough to be applied widely , especially in developing countries .
In the history , there have been cases such as the Chernobyl nuclear reactor explosion and the Three Mile Island accident , which were catastrophes caused by the misuse of nuclear power .
Furthermore , plants can not grow there in tens of years , and milk is not allowed to be produced there in over a hundred years .
With present science and technology level , nuclear power can be used by human beings for approximately 20 years .
To further broaden the use of nuclear power , the next generation of nucleargeneration IV is under discussion .
The concerns from the public have been a main obstacle for further advancement in nuclear research .
With the advent of the new generation of nuclear energy , people will make a difference in the utilization of energy .
That figure stands at 85 % in Sweden and the United Kingdom and 81 % in Japan .
However , in the United States the figure stands at 45 % , and it is now grappling with a controversial reform plan to provide universal healthcare coverage .
The benefits of economic growth would help to ensure the continuity of social benefits for the elderly , and by increasing the national income , there will be surplus to spend more money on the social needs of the nation .
For example , Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong has stated that businesses will get help with rental and wage bills .
There are differing views about health insurance to be subsidised from current budgetary surpluses , and about the Government financing more of its longer-term development expenditure by borrowing from its reserves so as to free up current revenues for social spending .
Social subsidies should not be expanded simply because there is currently a budget surplus .
Spending needs are growing in many areas , not forgetting social spending ,but the government budget is expected to be tight , therefore our challenge will be to manage the increase in social spending as our population ages , and to focus subsidies on those most in need .
At the same time , Government subsidies help to keep basic health care affordable MOH ( 2009 ) . As such , the government plays a significant role in providing health care services for public , but the government can only do this much .
Policies that favor income distribution towards capital will also raise the return on capital , which will enhance capital formation , and in turn raise labor productivity and the national income .
( author,year ) . As opposed to an ageing population , Singapore will have a sector of un-employed people without families ,who are either single or divorced , with perfectly unsound financial management and diagnosed with chronic illness .
When they reach a tenable age for retirement , they will be unable to pay for their medical bills since they do not have adequate savings .
As the population ages , the importance of public spending on the aged with regards to healthcare should be managed effectively without having to over spend or iinadequately provide .
Social subsidiaries should be evaluated thus reducing unnecessary spending by allowing the Government to finance more of its longer-term development expenditure which in turn brings about greater economic growth .
With economic growth , the financial burden will be lessened allowing more money for spending on social areas .
One of the challenges that needs to be addressed will be the aging population on the economy .
As reported , " Singapore has one of the fastest aging populations in the world , with over 65-year-olds ,estimated by 2030 , to represent 23 % of the population , the second highest percentage in Asia lagging behind only Japan .
" ( Wijaya , 2009 ) With the aging population occupying one quarter of the population , public spending should not be limited on the aged .
Higher life expectancy of the population is foreseen with the literate population getting healthier together current advancements in medical technology .
Long-term care and health costs are examples of welfare expenditure .
" ( Fernandez , 1994 ) More funding will be essential as the demand for health care increases .
This means that the older population should continue to work if they are willing .
Extending the retirement age reduces expenditure to provide for the aged .
Unsound financial management and little education are also some aspects that may result in elderly people depending on the government .
From research , it is reflected that 9 % of the population in Singapore are not living with children or a spouse .
Public assistance is needed especially for families who rely on voluntary organizations and self -help groups .
In Singapore , large subsidies are given in three core areas .
These are mainly health , education , and housing .
Taking care of the population 's needs brings about the country 's development .
" ( Fernandez , 1994 ) With a rapidly aging workforce , it is not feasible to reduce spending on the aged and divert it to other areas of the country 's development .
From a financial point of view , the government still makes it a point to promote self-reliance and individual savings within the nation .
This is to ensure that the elderly will have enough money and be ready for old age .
An example is the mandatory saving scheme : Central Provident Fund ( CPF ) .
With this practice , public spending on the aged .
In conclusion , it is not wise to limit public spending on the age given the fact that reliance on government support is necessary to certain groups of the elderly .
With longer life expectancy and declining birth rates , elderly dependency on the young should be shared with the government .
As a result this may affect the country 's development when the welfare of the young working population is taken into consideration .
Singapore in this aspect has done a good job by providing minimal ,yet sufficient , welfare benefits to the population .
In any part of a nation 's economy , well balanced expenditure and earnings is sought .
Hence limitation on public spending on the aged should not be implemented given the fact that the aged makes up a quarter of the population .
The Singapore government has been aware of the potential problems with regards to its ageing society since the 1980s ( Mehta ) .
Various committees , like the Committee on the Problems of the Aged and the National Council on Family and Aged ( NACFA ) , were formed over the years to address the challenges of an ageing population .
In recent years two more high-level committees , the Committee on Ageing Issues ( CAI ) and the Ministerial Committee on Aging ( MCA ) , were formed to spearhead the vision of successful ageing in Singapore ( MCYS , 2008 ) .
Therefore in terms of , this essay will focus on the public policies aspect of the ageing population .
The committees built on the the works of previous committees , with the belief that policies should allow the elderly to benefit in terms of housing , employability , financial security , healthcare , eldercare and active aging ( MCYS , 2006 ) .
In terms of housing , studio apartments ( SA ) have been built with elderly friendly features like non-slip tiles , smoke detectors and emergency alarms .
These housings cater for the elderly , especially for old people living alone or on low incomes , , providing them with a range of housing options depending on their ideal living arrangement .
Furthermore , buyers are allowed to utilize their Central Provident Fund ( CPF ) to purchase a home at an affordable , subsidised price ( MCYS , 2006 ) . Moreover , family members of the elderly benefit from schemes like Married Child Priority , when they choose accommodation with , or near their parents .
This will help to boost the economy and .
Policies for employability and financial security , like the Workfare Income Supplement ( WIS ) scheme for older low-wage workers , were introduced in 2007 .
Under the WIS scheme , the elderly are given supplements apart from the CPF contributions made in their by employer .
These policies will increase the older workers chances of continuing their employability and building up their retirement savings ( MCYS , 2008 ) .
The Eldershield scheme was improved in 2007 to make step-down care services affordable to the elderly , in particular the low wage elders ( MCYS , 2008 ) .
With this scheme , the elderly are able to afford the services which are specially created for them .
Furthermore the elderlyelderly people can interact with other people at these centres , thus they will not feel lonely .
A new scheme , Wellness Programme was created recently to promote healthy lifestyles and social networking for citizens , especially the elderly ( PMO , 2009 ) .
Thus , with a healthy body and mind , the elderlyelderly people are able to continue to contribute to society which in return will benefit the nation .
The Council for Third Age ( C3A ) was formed under MCA , to further promote active ageing through community-based projects ( MCYS , 2006 ) .
Their major events to create public awareness are the Senior Citizens ' Week and Active Ageing Festival .
In conjunction with the annual event , C3A created a Senior Citizens award to honour role models and active senior citizens in the community ( MCYS , 2006 ) .
Judging by the policies made for the elderly it is clear that the government has invested a large sum of money in them .
On the other hand , instead of trying to change what can not be changed like personal health and family upbringing , there should be alternative ways to solve this problem .
The Education System can be an area worth investing in .
Children should be taught the importance of filial piety and a healthy lifestyle .
If these moral values are cultivated in the system from young , there will not be a need to create schemes like the Maintenance of Parents Act .
However , there are bound to be minorities who will think otherwise .
The government has been trying to ease the process through implementing policies .
Citizens should do their part too .
Singapore 's only resource is its people , thus a collective effort from each and every citizen will make a vast difference .
To prepare for the growing demand of the ageing population , more government funding is required for providing better infrastructure and amenities for the elderly .
Thus , public spending on the aged should be limited so that money can be diverted to other areas of the country 's development , which in turn can help to solve the problems of the aging population .
Economic growth is seen as the key to resolving issues relating to an aging population .
With economic growth , the average income will increase , and thus ,
Furthermore , with the increased income , the government can impose more tax and use it to introduce more or to continue existing welfare programs for the elderly .
The Lewin Group and The Nelson A. Rockefeller Institute of Government ( July , 2004 ) found that states of less fiscal capacity on average , spent less on social welfare programs than states with higher per capita incomes .
Thus , public spending should be channelled to promoting economic growth which can help to continue or enhance welfare programs .
Next , public spending should be channelled to the education sector , to allow more people to get the chance to go to school , to improve the standard of education , and to encourage research and development at tertiary levels and beyond .
In addition , as the standard of education increases , and more research and development is conducted , the likelihood of technological advancement is higher .
Advancements in technology can improve the healthcare of the elderly , as more or better treatments for illnesses due to old aged are discovered .
Thus , public spending should be diverted to the education sector and to promoting research and development , which can improve the welfare of the elderly in both the long and short run .
However , new or improved treatments arising from advancements in technology will incur higher health care costs .
This is simply due to fact that setting a limit that is too low may result in some elderly not receiving adequate medical care and home care , and setting a limit that is too high may result in an increased burden on government policies and on the working population in society .
Thus , the government needs to prevent health care costs from escalatng too much and also to decide how much funding should be set aside for the elderly .
Elderly people people who are financially strapped and/or have no spouse or intermediate family members to take care of them , should be taken care of by the government .
The government should then carefully decide the necessary healthcare spending that has to be supported by the public sector , as excessive spending or spending that exceeds the means of the government will lead to the future generation having to pay higher tax , as the successor government is left with huge bill ( Tan Ho , 2008 ) .
In Singapore , the government finances health carehrough a combination of taxation and private or national insurance schemes to provide affordable healthcare to its people ( Lim , 2001 ) . However , with limited resources , the government needs to allocate resources in such a way , so that development in one area will not be at the cost of another .
Thus , public spending on the aged should be limited , so that funds can be used for other developments which can help solve some of the some of the issues that accompany an an aging population .
It also contributes to providing applicable solutions to ease the greying population which is gradually growing in society .
Therefore , it can be said that research and development is the pathway to relieve the ageing process .
A need for expanding social care services for the elderly as well .
In dealing with an ageing population , research and development has pushed countries to move forward in a new paradigm of ageing .
It is a process for utilizing opportunities in health , to enhance the quality of life of ageing citizens .
One of the strategies is to encourage longer employment for citizens and lower barriers for the employment of elderly people .
Based on research , when people work longer , it can offset increasing costs for public pensions due to the
Those who remain engaged in activities involving multiple tasks , requiring communication , interaction and organization , and those who continue learning , and constantly challenge their brains , earn the greatest protection ( Wall Street Journal , 2008 ) .
Hence , is not susceptible to developing old age illnesses and disabilities .
As previously mentioned , an ageing population has a high demand for medications and social care services .
Private practices of healthcare professionals , social care services and organizations for citizens also correspond to the aged .
In Singapore , Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong that the health care system will be restructured for the ageing population .
For instance , he said one key step is to link up acute hospitals with community ones , where patients can receive treatment at the acute hospital , and then recuperate at the community hospital ( Channel NewsAsia , 2009 ) .
However , some policies may not only bring positivity .
The ageing population is often associated with poor health
It will also be harder for to acquire new skills that can benefit industry .
Besides , some older workers cost more than younger workers due to the seniority payment system .
As a consequence , older workers are considered both vulnerable for dismissal , or to be targeted by companies wishing to make workforce reductions . They are also less able to find new jobs should they loose their current work ( Bernard Casey , 1998 ) .
Research and development is relatively important in determining the direction of an ageing population .
Active ageing ,as the new paradigm of ageing , is the key to overcoming healthcare challenges and other problems arising with the ageing population .
Lastly , it is essential for there to be continuity in research and development to be able to create policies that suit the the needs of the elderly .
Ageing is a process that all humans have to go through , but the problems that come along with it are unavoidable .
Looking specifically at the case of Singapore : current research and development R&D and policies such as the employment policies , the public pensions programs and the health care and community development prepared for the aged have greatly helped in easing the problems posed by the ageing process .
Thus , employment policies have made the problems associated with the ageing process negligible .
Another method that the Singapore government has adopted to deal with the ageing process is the use of public pensions programs , more familiar to Singaporeans by the name of Central Provident Fund ( CPF ) .
The CPF policy has seen tremendous success in providing people with sufficient income for future use , and it certainly has lessened the impact that the ageing process has brought about .
And finally , the state has also implemented policies on health care and community development , such as health care insurance schemes and improving facilities and infrastructure for the elderly .
Health care insurance schemes such as the Medisave , Medishield and Eldershield , allows Singaporeans to place aside part of his/her own income for health care needs in the future .
This greatly encourages independence among the elderly in the future , as well as personal responsibility .
Research and Development has also allowed the state to improve public infrastructure , such as the creation of wheelchair-accessible buses , upgrading houses with lifts that access every storey , and the development of retirement housing .
An awareness of more elderly-friendly programs and facilities has also been done through advertisements .
However successful these policies may turn out to be , there are still arguments as to whether these policies are truly effective , and how they may actually bring about other sets of problems .
In providing employment for the elderly , its effects may be reduced
The CPF policy may provide cover for the elderly , but they will not be able to use it wisely if the state does not provide useful information or advice for its usage .
Therefore , the abovementioned policies will not be as effective as when they are implemented on their own ; They needs to supplement each other for it to work .
Certainly , without the policies undertaken by the state , the graying population will bring about problems both in the economy and at home .
Thus , policies such as the employment policies , the social security savings plan and health care and community development , have helped to ease the ageing process by allowing the elderly to enjoy a more vibrant and active life in both social and economical aspects .
These policies are also most effective when working in tandem , whereas on their own , their impact is limited .
The Singapore government has done well in its foresight of the problems regarding the ageing process , but more can be done to achieve better integration between the private and public spheres .
As for now , its policies have certainly kept the ageing process a much more manageable one .
The problem of the increasing aging population has become a major issue now .
( " Singapore is aging fast " , 2004 ) This situation brings various consequences , such as decreasing productivity and the health problems of the elderly .
Actions such as building more hospitals and upgrading home care should not be the most important tasks
With the current economic crisis , the government should be much more concerned about the development of the country .
Thus , limiting spending on the elderly and using the money on others areas , like the economy and technology , to develop the country .
( Shandre M. Thangavelu , 2008 ) As a result , the government should put effort into reforming the country 's economy .
After reforming the economy , the condition of the country can remain the same as before
Then , people can get their own occupation and have a stable income for living .
On the other hand , if the economy crisis becomes more serious , more people will lose their jobs .
Once they have difficulty earning money , they might rob , steal , kidnap , or kill somebody to get money and crime will increase .
Moreover , together with the development of the economy , productivity will also rise .
The government can also increase taxes so that money could be used to maintain welfare programs continuously .
This is why developing the economy is more important and more beneficial .
Besides , developments in technology are more essential when compared with the expenditure to be spent on the elderly .
With more funds from the government , scientists can do more research
From this research , scientists can discover new methods and also invent more products that could bring benefits to society. .
For example , advancements in the medical field can save more people 's lives .
Inventing new machines or having new medical methods to cure diseases not just saves more people and decreases the deaths , it can also help to prolong one 's lifespan .
Thus , the elderly can stay longer with a healthy body , .
In fact , the aging populations who do not have families or who have a disability really need help from others .
When they are sick , because they do not have families or have a disability , they can not take care of themselves .
Thus , the welfare programs will be vital for them .
But this does not mean that the public should spend a lot on helping them .
One of the reasons is that people without families and people with disabilities are just the minority The majority of the elderly have their own families and they will take care of their elderly .
Furthermore , because Singapore is a country influenced by the Confucius way of thinking which emphasizes filial piety , the young generation know their obligation to take care of the elderly .
Thus , limiting public spending on the aging population and diverting the money into other areas of the development of country is one possible solution. .
In conclusion , public spending on the aging population should be limited and diverted to the economy and the technological development of the country .
Economic development can stabilize the condition of the country , increase productivity and government income which could then be used for the elderly , Technological development can also bring people healthier bodies .
Thus , diverting money to other areas of the country 's development will not just solve the problems of the aging population , but will also bring every person in the country a lot of benefit .
To a large extent current policies have helped to ease the aging process .
In terms of research this report will focus on the poor and dependent segment of the aging population who require housing and accessible infrastructure .
One of the basic elements of the well-being of an elderly person is housing
Single people and lonely elderly who do not have any children of their own often stay with their next-of-kin .
The Studio apartments are built small to cater to the independent living of elderly .
Voluntary welfare organizations ( VWOs ) are providing exclusive support services for the occupants ( Committee on Aging Issue [ CAI ] , 2006 ) .
This is also an alternative to the minority of the elderly who prefer to live independently and not burden their child .
Old age is usually associated with physical changes and limitations .
As they start to age , their physical capability starts to reduce and change .
Mobility , which is one of the activities of daily living ( U.S. Department of Health and Human Services , 1984 ) , is hindered by this change of physical capability .
The Housing Development Board has helped to design a more elderly friendly environment through the Project LIFE ( Project to Improve the Living Conditions of the Elderly , HDB , 2005 ) .
For example , housing flats with a high concentration of poor elderly persons have been upgraded with new fixtures and fittings , features such as modified lifts on every level , support hand grips in toilets , tap levers , non-slip floor tiles , and an alarm system .
Such installation of elderly-friendly features enhances the mobility of older residents .
These improvements are fully funded by the government .
can be more assured of the of the elderly
The elderly are encouraged to integrate into the community and be self- dependent ( CAI , 2006 ) .
Being part of the community creates a sense of belonging for the elderly promotes better mental health .
According to the Committee of Aging Issue , making Singapore an " Accessible City " ( CAI , 2006 ) would be the first step to reaching outward to the community .
Creating a barrier free environment would give the elderly person freedom of movement around the community .
This allows the elderly person to integrate into a wider community and lead an active life .
According to the Code of Barrier-Free Accessibility ( BCA , 2002 ) , a barrier-free environment could be created by upgrading the roads and infrastructure between housing and buildings .
The Code of Barrier-Free Accessibility ( BCA , 2002 ) adheres to the conditions of being elderly friendly and barrier-free .
The public transport operators have made adjustments to all the new public buses with low floor step-free and wheelchair-accessibility to allow everyone to use the public transportation system .
The government has also helped to defray the additional cost involved .
Singapore ,being a small country with only 682.7 sq km ( CIA World Factbook , 2009 ) , faces the problems of land scarcity .
There is insufficient land for the construction of basic residential housing , let alone these types of additional housing and infrastructure that caters to the elderly .
Building additional housing and infrastructure would cost a huge amount of money .
These funds come from the tax payer .
Are there sufficient funds left for other areas of national development ?
This would lead to more constraints and limitations rather than solving the issues of an an aging population .
The policies mentioned above have helped to ease the aging process .
The developments of housing and infrastructure have helped to meet elderly people 's physical , social and recreational needs , as well as to facilitate their integration into the community .
However , all these practices should be done with the understanding of the limitations and constraints .
Policy and development should be made at an economical level , not too extravagant to enhance people 's lives , but to improve the necessary condition of the elderly .
Senior citizens have contributed a lot to making what people enjoy today .
From fighting for independence , to paving the way for our generation today to live in comfort , their services are immeasurable .
It is therefore every citizen 's duty to pay back what they have inherited from them .
Thus , public spending has always included spending on elderly .
Unfortunately , there are so many there is public outcry by the younger generations who claim that public spending on the elderly should be limited for the sake of the country 's development .
However , this essay will argue that public spending on the aged should not be limited because not only the elderly will get the benefit from the spending , but indirectly , society will also benefit .
The main reason is that spending on the elderly will stimulate the economy .
This is because limiting public spending on elderly only transfers the responsibility to their family .
Their family has to bear larger financial responsibility to take care of the elderly .
Try to imagine how heavy the burden is for a family to take care of two elderly , or even more .
So , it will be an extra burden to the family and they will have less to spend on other areas such as entertainment .
On the other hand , if there is no limitation on public spending on the elderly , it will definitely reduce the burden for their family and help economic growth .
This leads to another point , which is that the spending of elderly will reduce
As an illustration , the rising cost of health spending will make the burden for the young become heavier and heavier .
Most of the family will not able to afford this and may feel stressed of depressed .
As a result , conflict and argument among family members may occur .
Besides , many other issues such as education and bank loans will become family problems .
On top of that , families and local communities will have to deal with that by conducting various activities such as family days and talks , and the government will have to bear the cost .
Obviously , instead of spending on community activities , why not spend on elderly and build up a good image ?
Another bane of contention is that public spending on education can be reduced .
This is because when there is no limitation on public spending on the elderly
When people less on the elderly , they are able to invest more in their children 's future education by saving for education fees of the education scheme .
Therefore , children today will not face financial problems regarding their education in the future .
Indirectly , the government can spend less to help people in higher education but can still built an intellectual society .
It is clear that the benefits are not only distributed amongst the elderly but also amongst the younger generations .
Thus , not limiting public spending on the elderly , kills two birds with one stone .
Basing the argument on the fact that public spending on aged should not be limited , it is important not to neglect other areas of the country 's development .
Although the tendency is for public spending to be increased , especially for the elderly , it does n't mean that other areas of the country 's development have been taken for granted .
The government should plan their public spending carefully , so that they will not face the problem that they can not afford education , security and economics .
This will be a fairer system instead of limiting public spending on elderly .
The elderly have contributed their whole journey in life for the nation and family so that people today are able to enjoy the fruit .
At the time as enjoying the fruits of their labor , it is important to reflect back on their effort and appreciate it .
In short it is actually payback time .
Senior citizens deservedly need their rest time to bask in the glory of bringing up their children successfully .
So should public spending on the aged really be limited ?
A Reasonable Expenditure on the Elderly Aging population , defined as , " a shift in the distribution of a country 's population towards greater ages ( Wikipedia , 2009 ) , " began to take place in every country and region across the world during the last century .
Due to the large population of elderly , the aging issue is raising more and more concerns in society .
One of the concerns is that governments need to spend more on the elderly to ensure their physical living standard as well as their psychological well being .
However , it has been proposed that such actions can not fully solve the problems .
Therefore , the governments should invest in other areas so that the development of the country will ultimately resolve the aging problems .
Improved will benefit the since technological advancements can enhance productivity , and the economic growth will ensure the continuation of the welfare program .
First and foremost , the progress of technology increases the country 's income so that the country can take better care of the elderly .
History has shown the extraordinary benefits brought about by technology .
In the Industrial Revolution , the arrival of sophisticated machinery " mark [ ed ] the transition from a stable agricultural [ society ] to a modern industrial society ( source,year ) " .
In recent years , computers have been used in every aspect production , ranging from mass production to
The increase in efficiency more revenue to the country and therefore the government can spare more money for the elderly .
Moreover , positive economic growth can ensure the continuation of welfare programs .
The government , together with some private organizations , is one major sponsor for the welfare program .
Generally speaking , the government will spend a certain percentage of its annual income on the welfare .
However , such a large proportional expense can only be achieved under the condition of a stable economic environment .
The Act mainly targets at cutting federal tax , providing benefits for the unemployed and increasing spending on education , health care , and infrastructure .
The total investment on the Act is about $ 787 billion dollars ( Wikipedia , 2009 ) , which make up a large proportion of the total income .
Therefore , ,
Although the government should invest its expenditure on the country 's development , it does not mean that the government should cut pension payments .
Unlike traditional Asian families which play a key role in taking care of the old , most western families have a looser connection among their family members .
The elderly , in most cases , live separately from their descendants .
Besides , some old single women have a very low income to support their life .
Hence , not only the family but also the government should bear the responsibility of taking care of the old .
The government needs to spend a reasonable amount of money on pensions and elderly facilities .
To sum up , the government should control the expenditure on pension costs and make more of an effort to develop the country economically .
Many people agree with the idea that public spending on the aged should be limited so that money can be diverted to other areas of the country 's development .
It is undeniable that society is aging , and there will be increased needs for more healthcare , pensions , homes , and other social welfare considerations for the elderly .
Addressing other issues that contribute to a country 's development such as economic growth , education and the military is just as important .
An important issue that affects a country 's development is economic growth .
According to a sample of OECD ( Organization for Economic Co- operation and Development ) countries , which consists of 30 large economies , One percent a year increase in output growth over the next 50 years might only just ease the increase level .
Thus , substantial increases in economic growth would be needed to offset the increased costs of aging ( Visco , 2008 ) .
Education in Singapore aims to shape citizens to be " responsible to family and country , " and to " have courage and conviction in facing adversity . " It also aims to shape the potential leaders to be " committed to improving society " and " be able to forge breakthroughs in a knowledge-based economy ( Ministry of Education , 2009 ) . "
Within the 12 pillars of competitiveness , education takes up 2 pillars , health and primary education and higher education and training , in determining the country 's economic competitiveness ( Schwab , 2009 ) .
An educated and skilled workforce contributes to the knowledge-based economy .
Studies link education to economic growth as it contributes to improving productivity which leads to higher income and improved economic growth ( The World Bank , 2009 ) .
Education also reduces crime , and promotes equality , justice and intercultural understanding ( The World Bank , 2009 ) .
It is very important that Singapore should maintain its education system to ensure the political and social stability as well as the economic prosperity of the country in the future .This is also of great importance to the country 's development and to its aging society .
Singapore should also realise that youths are treasured assets in aging societies .
Hence defence and military strategies should be carefully thought out to prevent the loss of lives .
Singapore should look at more substitutions
The military could also look at offering immigrants citizenship in return for service , as well as hiring freelance mercenaries from foreign countries ( Jackson , Howe , Strauss , Nakashima , 2008 ) .
Given the dropping birthrate , Singapore should take greater care of her young men and at the same time , being a small country , she must be able to protect herself .
Hence the military is one important issue that the country should also look at and invest in .
However , it should be understood that not all elderly have families or are able to take care of themselves .
Hence countries should have a margin drawn according to the number of people who really need help from the government before setting the limit for public spending on the elderly to ensure that they are taken care of .
Singapore could set an age limit and look into the cases of each elderly person who might need the help from the government .
Funds should only be given to the elderly if their medishield and medisave are used up , and by judging each case individually , an appropriate amount can be given to the elderly .
There are many that make up a socially and politically stable country .
Instead of merely focusing on public spending for the aged , we should also look at a broader base of challenges that an aging society will bring to us .
Singapore should give equal or more attention to economic growth to solve the aging society ,
Only with balanced , wise and well-planned and governed policies can there be a prosperous and strong nation .
Fast aging populations have increasingly become a serious problem especially for many developed countries .
One of the many causes of a fast aging population is that many people choose to have very few or even no children due to factors such as the high cost of .
Childcare costs in Singapore average $ 670 a month .
Hence , it has been reflected in official statistics , that the replacement rate in Singapore was only 1.29 last year , way below the 2.1 replacement rate for a population to maintain its current size in the long term ( Li X .
This may include people with serious health problems who are often unemployed or unfit to work .
Therefore , these people usually do not have any income
In fact , some of them might even be receiving financial aid from the government .
In addition , older people also tend to have especially during a recession .
For example in New York , workers ages 45 and over actually form a disproportionate share of the hard-luck recession category , the long-term unemployed ( Michael , 2009 ) .
The financial problem faced by these unemployed is also worsened by the high cost of living in developed countries .
For example , in Singapore , the high cost of living is actually caused by spending on necessities like financial products and transportation ( Tan , 2008 ) .
Hence , with such a high cost of living , the income of these elderly is just enough to feed themselves .
Therefore , public pensions and government incentives will be a vital source of money to support the elderly that are among those without savings .
It is important for society to show its appreciation for the contribution made by the elderly .
" The elderly , in their younger days , have made many important contributions to society .
As pioneers who arrived in a relatively unknown Singapore , the elderly toiled and contributed to its success today .
Since the majority of the older people believed that the government should provide for them as they are at their most vulnerable ( Shanas , 1980 ) , the reduction in public spending on them will set up a framework for criticism against the government show no appreciation for the sweat and toil that they have willingly given .
Every individual should try to play their part in dealing with the problems of an aging population .
Therefore , other strategies should also be introduced to cope with the problem of an aging population .
For example , the better-off should try to support their own elderly parents through ways such as giving them a monthly allowance etc. Prime Minister Lee Hsien Loong of Singapore also made a National Day Rally Speech this year to stress filial obligation for parent maintenance .
In addition , the money spent on the country 's development in the area of education and economy can also help to solve the problems of an aging population .
In conclusion , it will definitely be better if public spending on the aged is not limited
However , when making decisions on government spending , the government should also take into consideration the existence of other problems and the need to improve other areas of the country .
The majority of the population is still the young who are now sweating and toiling for the country , just like the aged did in the past .
Hence the government should also divert some of its resources to improving the lives of the aged for example by providing subsidies for having children which not only reduces the cost of having a child but also encourages people to have more children , thus increasing the replacement rate .
On the other hand , strategies such as means-testing , currently adopted by the Australian Government , should also be implemented in other affected countries , to ensure that all public spending is necessary ( Peter G. Peterson ) .
Ageing populations are a fact
It is foremost a consequence of the " baby boom " - the rapid increase in birth rates and then its decline after the Second World War . [ 1 ] This period of increased fertility lasted for thirty years and the number of people born in this era was unusually large .
Such demographic changes might bring about severe consequences , most importantly national budgets might be under pressure as a growing number of elderly persons are supported by fewer younger persons .
The debate is now whether the nation state should limit its public spending so that the saved resources can be utilized on other areas of the country 's development .
This essay will strongly argue that yes , the state should indeed limit its spending and focus more on economic growth so as to not to discriminate against the elderly , but rather to aid them in a more fruitful way which is beneficial for both generations .
Economic growth has a " trickle down " effect and accompanies numerous positive externalities which helps the old in more efficient ways than continuous increases in healthcare spending which restrains GDP growth .
The first and foremost positive consequence of economic growth is that it will not only ensure the continuation of the current social welfare programme , but will also increase the total spending on such programmes in real terms .
For instance , if real GDP of a country increases by 3 % , and the spending on welfare programmes is pegged at 2 % of real GDP , then the real spending in such projects will also increase by 2 % .
However , it must also be noted that
In terms of an economic downturn , such policy can actually reduce spending on the ageing population and healthcare to a great extent .
To counter this , the government could actually set down some minimum spending regardless of the economic conditions .
The government could establish a bottom line stating how much to spend , on what aspects of healthcare to spend money on , , and how much of a particular facility an individual could use and to what extent .
For instance , free personal care , such as the washing and dressing of elderly people costs Britain an additional forty million pounds which caused its government to adopt a policy similar to the above .
Another advantage of economic growth is that it raises the real income of people .
As a result , government increases or decreases in taxes could benefit the ageing population .
Since there is economic growth , the government would have more resources and hence require less taxes , and as a consequence a family would be able to increase its spending on its older members .
On the other hand , the state could also receive more taxes , now that people have increased income , and use the money for further betterment of the healthcare system .
To top things off , economic growth would allow an increase in spending in R&D so the medical facilities would be more technologically advanced and be cheaper to produce due to superior technology . Therefore , services from such facilities would become cheaper and hence spending overall would fall .
The immediate effect of limiting spending will cause a rise is societal costs and will make individuals and families responsible .
The societal costs might end up getting shifted back to the public sector .3 Such policies might hurt members of societies who do not have immediate family ties or members with unsound financial management .
Moreover there are also problems of setting limits .
Is the limit set at the right one ?
However these are short term problems , in the long run society would benefit as a whole .
Transitions would be easier if society is better prepared .
Since it is evident that in the long run economic growth allows flexibility , meaning that it does not burden the younger generation and pressurizes the national budget while taking good care of the older generation , it is mandatory that society starts focusing more on the economic growth so that everybody wins in the long run .
These developments have also raised concerns about whether a carrier of a known genetic risk has the duty to inform his relatives about his genetic test results .
Carriers will not be diagnosed with the disease but can pass on the alteration to their children .
On the other hand , it is more logical to believe that carriers have the duty to inform their relatives regarding their tests results so that their relatives can make informed choices related to their genes .
Hence , carriers of known genetic risks should be compelled to reveal their genetic test results to their relatives .
critics perceive that .
Sociologists note that relatives of carriers of known genetic risks may be denied health insurance policies or be made to pay higher premiums since they are at higher risk of developing the disease ( Health Plan One , n.d. ) .
This is because insurance companies being mostly profit-orientated would predict any possible added costs and take pre-emptive measures to avoid these costs .
One reason for this could be that employers may have the misguided belief that they have to spend more in order to ensure the working environment is safe for these employees .
The consideration of extended medical leave that these employees may take in future may deter the employers from engaging their services for fear of loss in efficiency at work and trouble in finding replacements .
As such , companies will tend not to employ individuals who have a medical history of genetic diseases .
Paddock ( 2008 ) asserted that the enactment of laws such as the Genetic Information Non-discrimination Act 2008 in the United States would prohibit insurance companies from rejecting clients due to genetic information and forbid companies from using genetic information for hiring decisions for individuals .
Moreover , a mathematical model to work out the mortality for individuals associated with higher risks of illnesses such as Hungtinton 's disease will guide insurance companies to formulate reasonable levels of premiums ( Watts , 1999 ) .
Hence , genetic information will not be used against family members who apply for an insurance policy or a job .
detractors argue that the genetic information of carriers will cause unnecessary worry for their family members , especially in the case of multi- factorial diseases .
Medical professionals contend that these family members may experience psychological effects such as fear , anxiety and depression , which would affect their lifestyle ( Yap , 2005 ) .
They note that multi-factorial diseases such as coronary heart diseases may occur in isolation , with affected children born to unaffected parents .
Psychologists assert that some family members can consult genetic counsellors about their risk of contracting the disease , and hence overcome their fears ( Adams , 2003 ) .
This measure is usually recommended for multi-factorial diseases as there is a higher possibility of uncertainty in one 's health .
Indeed , carriers of a known genetic risk have the duty to inform their relatives as it would aid their relatives in decision making .
However , such information would encourage them to perform the disease testing in which genetic results may allow them to make informed decisions especially during family planning .
With the acquisition of genetic test results , couples may consider adopting a child instead of conceiving one .
In addition , couples could be mentally prepared for their child 's future as .
In all , carriers have the obligation to inform their family members of their genetic test results since the advantages clearly outweigh the disadvantages .
Genetic testing is the study of a person 's genes , chromosomes and proteins to determine whether the person is prone to a certain kind of disease and whether the person is a carrier or not ( Cancer.net , 2009 ) .
When a person is found to be a carrier though genetic testing , the dilemma arises as to whether the carrier should tell his or her relatives about the result as the carrier will not get the disease but the carrier can pass the disease to his or her children ( Frequently Asked Questions About Genetic Testing , 2009 ) .
Secondly , the carrier can get moral support from his or her family members despite the possibility that the carrier might face discrimination upon disclosing his results .
A carrier should tell his or her relatives as they might be at risk of getting the disease or being a carrier too ( Lea , Williams and Donahue , 2005 ) .
This is because the carrier got the disease through a parent , and thus the carrier 's siblings and the carrier 's children might have also gotten the altered gene .
Hence , it is important to inform the carrier 's relatives so that they can go for the testing to check whether they are carriers or have an inherited disposition toward the disease .
If they were found to be a carrier , they have the chance to choose to not to reproduce or be mentally prepared about their children 's health in the future if they decide to proceed with having children .
After all , taking care of a child with a disease is not an easy task .
They should consider whether they are prepared to look after the child if the child gets the disease as it is not only financially exhausting , but mentally tiring as well .
Thus , by being informed about the genetic results of a carrier , the carrier 's family members can better plan their future and be mentally prepared for the worst .
Another reason why a carrier should tell his or her his genetic results is because his or her relatives might be able to provide support to him .
After all , family members are the closest people to the carrier and only their support can make him or her feel better .
Hence , a carrier should tell his or her relatives of his genetic test result .
Others might argue that by telling relatives about the result , a carrier may face discrimination from his relatives .
This is supported by a survey conducted in 1997 , which has identified more than 200 cases of genetic discrimination out of 917 people who responded ( Genetic Information and the Workplace , 1998 ) .
Some carriers might face problems such as being isolated as if they have a contagious disease , being talked about behind their backs or even being blamed for passing on the disease when relatives are diagnosed positive for the disease ( Finucane , n.d. ) .
These situations will only make the carrier unhappy and hence many choose not to tell their relatives about their genetic results .
However , the situations mentioned above rarely happen within a family .
Most of the discrimination come from employers or insurance companies .
This is proven by another survey which has found that 550 people had been denied employment or insurance due to their genetic defect ( Genetic Information and the Workplace , 1998 ) .
Hence , telling relatives about one 's genetic result will not result in discrimination .
It is only when the public get to know about it will a carrier face discrimination .
Furthermore , family members are the closest people to the carrier and if they do not support each other , no one will support them .
Hence , a carrier should tell his or her relatives of his genetic test result as discrimination by relatives is rare .
In conclusion , a carrier should tell his or her relatives about his genetic result as there is a possibility that they might get the disease or they might be a carrier too and the carrier can get support from them .
Although some might argue that the carrier might face discrimination if he discloses his results , this is generally not the case ; hence , the fear of such discrimination should not prevent one from revealing his genetic result .
With the advancements in medical technology , people can find out and understand the various causes of diseases .
It was not until recently that scientists and researchers found out that human 's genes are the cause of certain diseases such as heart diseases , cancers and diabetics type 1 .
By making use of genetic testing to test one 's genes , one will be able to know whether one will develop any genetic disease or carry any disease-causing genes .
Individuals who undergo such tests will find that the outcome of the tests affect not only them but also their family members .
Hence , the individual faces a dilemma of whether or not to reveal the test results to them as his family members may not accept the fact and will be adversely affected by the harsh reality .
Nevertheless , an individual should be obligated to inform his family members of the outcome of the genetic testing as doing so will bring benefits to both parties , such as enabling them to provide support to each other and to take careful precautions to reduce risks of infection .
In the face of the possibility of getting an incurable disease that will affect a person for life , it is important that family members can accompany and support him along the journey to fight against the illness .
Furthermore , family members will tend to be more understanding toward relatives who are ill and help them financially , such as providing for their daily expenses and medical costs .
If a patient 's family members are not aware of his condition , he will suffer silently and it is more likely for him to succumb to the illness .
For example , a local celebrity , Chew Chor Meng , who is suffering from Kennedy 's disease , has revealed to his family and the public his genetic disease .
Instead of feeling pessimistic towards life and being discriminated against by the public , he has received encouragement from the public and support from his family that has made him more resilient and optimistic in fighting against the disease .
Hence , individuals should be obligated to inform their relatives as it is beneficial for themselves in terms of fighting against genetic illnesses effectively .
there is a saying that " prevention is always better than cure ; " relatives who are informed earlier of the carrier 's genetic results can take earlier health precautions to reduce the risks of infection or the severity of the effects of the disease ( Varga & Sturm , 2008 ) .
For instance , they can change their lifestyle such as changing bad eating habits , saving money for their future and exercising more frequently .
Even if they do not develop the genetic diseases , the precautions taken at an earlier stage of their lives may protect them from other forms of illnesses that may not be caused by their genes .
Some may argue that individuals who have undergone genetic testing should not be obligated to inform their relatives for fear that they will lose their privacy and cause their relatives to suffer from the emotional burden of feeling guilty and anxious about whether they would suffer from the disease .
However , there have been laws set up to prevent discrimination against individuals who suffer from genetic diseases .
For example , the United States Government has implemented the Genetic Information Nondiscrimination Act to prevent individuals from discrimination at work and from getting an insurance plan ( Genetics and public policy center , 2009 ) .
with a healthy mindset , they are more likely to win the battle against their illnesses .
In conclusion , individuals should be obligated to inform their relatives of their genetic testing results as they can provide support for each other to overcome the illness more effectively .
If they do not do so , relatives who are kept in the dark may suffer more as they would not know to take earlier precautions to mitigate the effects of the illness .
Many diseases such as Tay-Sachs disease , cystic fibrosis , Huntington 's disease , dementia , Alzheimer 's disease and breast cancer may be identified through genetic testing ( Access excellence 2009 ) .
Even though a positive result on a genetic test only shows a higher risk of developing the disease , such information is very important and crucial as knowing about one 's predisposition to such a disease may help to reduce the risk of developing it as one would then seek to control one 's lifestyle as environmental factors play an important role in the onset of certain genetic diseases .
Thus , if tested positive for these genes , the individual should be obligated to tell his family members .
This is especially true for fatal diseases and diseases which are strongly connected to genes .
This is important to ensure that early steps are taken to reduce the risk of the carrier and his family developing the disease .
In addition , he should also bring his family members along for genetic counseling so as to prevent unnecessary emotional distress due to their possible misinterpretation of the genetic test results .
Firstly , it is beneficial for the individual to inform his family members about his result as his family may help to reduce emotional distress .
While genetic counselors may give advice on how to reduce the likelihood of developing the disease , family members may provide the individual with emotional support .
This is very crucial as emotional distress might lead to a higher chance of developing the disease .
Hence , it is better for the individual to share his genetic test result with his family members .
Some may argue that the individual has the right to protect his privacy by not revealing the information , so it is up to him who to reveal it to .
However , it is the individual 's responsibility to tell his family members regarding his genetic test result .
This is because it might be harmful for him to keep it a secret as he might become emotionally disturbed by it .
According to a survey done on women regarding factor V Leiden ( FVL ) , 77 % of the women were emotionally disturbed by their genetic testing results .
When people are emotionally disturbed , they might not be able to think rationally which may be harmful to the individual 's health as it may result in depression and an unbalanced diet .
Some individuals do not want to reveal their genetic test result to their family as they do not want their family to be worried .
However , not knowing the true reason that caused him to be emotionally affected will cause this family to be even more worried .
In addition , the family may consult genetic counselors to seek for advice on how to reduce .
Diseases like Alzheimer 's and dementia do not show early physical symptoms .
Hence , by informing his family about the known genetic risk he has , a carrier may encourage his family to go for genetic testing too .
This is beneficial as it helps to increase the family 's awareness and preparedness for the disease .
If a person is a carrier of a genetic disease , he might pass it to his offspring .
However , this may be prevented through the In-Vitro Fertilization ( IVF ) method .
Thus , the offspring will not have the defective genes , hence lowering its possibility of developing the disease .
Others may argue that in the case of cancer , the presence of altered copies of the inherited gene accounts for only 5 to 10 percent of all cancers and the majority of people who develop breast cancer or colon cancer did not inherit such genes ( Access excellence 2009 ) .
Thus , there is no need for the individual to tell his family members about his genetic test result as genes do not play a very important role in the development of such diseases .
However , though it is true that environmental factors play a more significant role , the presence of such genes in the case of breast cancer greatly increases the possibility of developing the disease .
Hence , in knowing this information at an early stage , early preventive measures can be taken to reduce the possibility of developing the breast cancer by controlling one 's lifestyle .
In conclusion , a carrier of a known genetic disease should be obligated to inform his family members about it as both he and his family will benefit from it .
some examples of genetic tests are newborn screening , diagnostic testing , carrier testing , prenatal testing and others .
People who undergo the test will be notified of the results .
Some of them may show a positive result as a carrier of a known genetic disease .
If they know about it , should they tell others , especially their relatives ?
I believe that they should tell their relatives .
Firstly , the person should reveal the results to his or her relatives as .
Everyone should be responsible and play an important role in the family .
As we know , Huntington 's disease is incurable and inheritable by the next generation ( Myers , 2004 ) .
If a person shows a positive result for this disease and not reveal to the family , this disease will be passed on to the next generation easily .
It will also cause many people in the family tree to suffer from this disease .
Although some might think the decision to undergo the test is considered as a personal choice ( Norrgard , 2008 ) .
Some might think is the individual 's choice whether to tell the result or not .
However , the responsibility of protecting and saving the family from getting the genetic disease outweighs one 's personal choice .
Thus , in order to protect the family , a person should tell his relatives the result of his genetic testing .
Moreover , the individual should tell his relatives about the result of his genetic testing as it will .
" Prevention is better than cure " is the slogan always used by doctors .
If they know about the , they can seek help from doctors in order to prevent developing the heritable disease ( Takala & Gylling , 2001 ) .
This cancer can develop at a risk of 85 % for the person with the mutated genes ( Wahrman , 2009 ) .
Individuals can reduce the risk of getting this disease .
They can reduce the chance by practicing a healthy lifestyle and through other means .
However , potential carriers can find out about them earlier if a relative who is a known carrier reveals his genetic test results to them .
They can then be prepared for these diseases and not become depressed about them easily .
Thus , in order to apply earlier prevention for the family , the individual should reveal his result .
Finally , individuals should tell the result of their genetic test to their relatives as it is a public issue .
A positive result is not considered as a personal problem or bad luck .
It may involve the family or even the society .
This problem is common to Jewish women of Eastern .
If some kept their disease a secret until death , we would not have known that it posed a serious problem to society .
Although people kept the secret as they were scared of being discriminated against by society and therefore chose to keep the result unrevealed ( Wahrman , 2009 )
, there is an act called the Genetic Information Nondiscrimination Act ( GINA ) which can protect people with a genetic problem from discrimination .
They do not need to worry about the discrimination any more .
Thus , people should reveal their genetic test result to their relatives as .
In conclusion , the individual with the positive result in genetic testing which shows he or she is a carrier of a known genetic risk should reveal this .
This revelation of the result can help many people , including the carrier himself .
Therefore , he should not keep it a secret .
Failure to identify and treat Phenylketonuria in time , however , may result in mental illness at the later stages of the babies ' life .
( Schuett , 2008 ) There are some who think that the disclosure of a genetic testing result is unnecessary and they argue that it may bring immense grief and worry to relatives of a genetic disease carrier .
However , without being warned of the possible risk of inheriting these diseases , they would probably not go for their own genetic testing and hence would run the risk of undergoing late treatment for a disease related to a genetic disorder , which may have catastrophic consequences .
Secondly , the choice to undergo genetic testing is a personal one , regardless of the genetic testing result of another family member .
While carriers of such diseases should reveal the results of their genetic testing so as to warn their relatives about the possibility of the latter being carriers as well , it is still up to their relatives to find out whether they themselves had indeed inherited any genetic disorder .
( Norrgard , 2008 ) Since it is never certain that one will inherit a disorder from one 's parents , the disclosure of the result of such a test would therefore not bring any direct harm to one 's relatives .
However , laws such as the Genetic Information Nondiscrimination Act ( GINA ) in the United States have been passed so as to ensure this would not happen .
For instance , the less healthy child of a rich tycoon may be discriminated in the choice of a successor .
In addition , some are worried that revealing such information to their offspring may affect the latter 's psychological well-being ( Living with , 2009 ) .
Moreover , efforts have been made by the government to pass laws such as GINA to prevent genetic discrimination .
Hence , with proper guidance such as genetic counseling , a carrier of a known genetic risk should be obligated to tell his or her relatives about his genetic test results .
Yet , not everyone might have the freedom to do so , fearing that family members might not be able to accept the news .
However , decisions to withhold information on one 's genetic test results only have short-term benefits and fail to consider the bigger picture such as situations in which one 's family eventually discovers one 's secret .
This is the time when family support is most essential for one as members can help to share the problem and advise how one should handle the problem .
However , there are cases where one may not have the liberty to share the information with the family due to the unstable condition of another member .
One may also resort to this in order not to further burden that loved one .
Hence , it is essential that one should notify one 's family about one 's condition as soon as possible .
Besides being able to receive family support , letting others know about one 's genetic condition is also a form of relieving unnecessary stress .
Conversely , keeping such important secrets to oneself in the long run might actually develop into stress which may exacerbate one 's current condition and trigger certain stress-induced illnesses such as cancer ( Morin & Huot , 2004 ) .
Critics may feel that individuals may get discriminated even within their which may be a source of stress for them ( Wolff , 1996 ) .
Hence more often than not , one should be frank with one 's family and not withhold any results of the genetic test .
An example of such precautions is to have one 's family shifting from their usual unhealthy diet to a healthier one .
Some note that even though the disclosure empowers one 's relatives to take precautionary measures , it might end up causing anxiety among family members ( Cancer.net Editorial Board , 2009 ) .
Thus , it is crucial that one should tell one 's family about his genetic condition .
In this respect , one should tell one 's about one 's genetic condition . This will enable one to be able to receive emotional concern , to prevent any stress build up and to allow one 's family to take precautions against the particular disease .
There are certain disorders that exist that have adverse effects on the health of individuals .
The issues of privacy and discrimination support the position that the carrier should not be obliged to disclose the information to his relatives .
Firstly , a carrier should not be obligated to disclose his genetic to his relatives as he has the individual right as a patient to privacy .
Everyone has his own right to decide whether his personal information should be revealed to third parties .
Without the right to protect his privacy through withholding genetic information of his disorder , the person would feel violated .
Secondly , discrimination from relatives affects the carrier 's decision in revealing his condition .
One might never know how one 's relatives would react upon knowing the condition of the carrier .
For example , some relatives would have the thinking that the genetic risk of the carrier would bring about a bad reputation to them so they may start to distance themselves and try to eliminate all contact with him .
Discrimination has been found to have harmful effects on people such as putting them at a high risk of depression .
It is already bad for a carrier to have a genetic risk ; it would be much worse if depression strikes him .
Thus , a carrier should not be obligated to tell his relatives about his genetic risk .
( Bioethics Advisory Committee Singapore , November 2005 ) .
However , timing is important so one should think of the consequences before revealing one 's genetic condition .
It would not be the right time to her genetic condition to her pregnant sister as the anxiety caused may affect the foetus .
Timing is also an important factor .
The controversy of whether a carrier of a known genetic risk should be obligated to tell his or her relatives has been highly debated within the bioethics community ( Mehlman , 2009 ) .
In addition , families can also help in reducing the risk for the next generation .
Firstly , revealing the results to their family can have a positive psychological effect on the individual .
Upon receiving the bad news from the test , individuals may feel discouraged and have a negative view of life . This is for those who have a family history of relatives who did not survive the disorder such as ovarian cancer ( Haidle , 2005 ) .
According to Scientific Blogging , statistics show that only nine percent of the mothers received negative responses while most of them received very encouraging responses ( 2009 ) .
In addition , if only one parent has a genetic disorder , the offspring will have a fifty percent chance of getting it ( Mehlman , 1999 ) .
" ( , 1948 ) .
Methods like assisted reproductive technology ( ART ) can be used to ensure that only unaffected embryos are allowed to develop to term ( Norrgard , 2008 ) .
However , if carriers of genetic disorder , such as HIV , do not tell their family , the spouse spouse may have a potential risk of infection unknowingly .
Though the decision is made ultimately by the individuals , I think it is necessary for them to inform their family .
In recent years of the 21st century , a vast majority of people have arrived at a similar cognitional conjunction of the general idea of genetic testing , which is extensively portrayed as an effective technique to identify crime suspects or catastrophe victims in various popular " crime scene investigation " television programmes .
If confirmed as the carrier of a particular genetic mutation or having increased risk of developing an inherited disease , those unfortunate subjects are not only instantaneously overwhelmed by negative emotions but also subjected to distress and burdens in considering the consequences of their health conditions on their family members .
Various ethical and social complications arise from the different options for the inflicted subjects such as to tell or not tell their families or relatives about the positive results of the genetic diagnosis .
Considering the genetically affected individual 's need of additional care and companionship as well as the early detection of similar inherited disorder amongst their blood relatives , an individual of known genetic risk ought to disclose the results of genetic testing to his close relatives .
As accepting the occurrence or increased risk of developing genetic disorders is rather emotionally burdensome , affected patients should reveal the truth to their family members who are able to provide additional care and companionship .
Moreover , scientific researches provide substantial evidence showing that the frequency of catastrophic outcomes such as suicide , attempted suicide and psychiatric hospitalization are significantly higher amongst those receiving Huntington 's disease predictive-testing results ( Almqvist , Bloch , Brinkman , Craufurd & Hayden , 1999 ) .
Thus , revealing one 's genetic condition to family members are proven to be beneficial and alleviate psychological pressure as compared to concealing the truth .
In addition , to inform family and relatives of one unfavourable genetic conditions is an act of responsibility and care by which similar genetic testing can be executed for early detection and treatments .
Even though it does not guarantee a 100 percent accuracy ( ) , it is still used in fields like forensic investigations whereby a person 's identity could be determined through the test .
It is also utilized in medical diagnosis to reveal any genetic disorders ( ) by basing one 's genes against a healthy standard of gene pool to spot for any forms of mutations .
Its cost range from hundreds to thousands of dollars in accordance to the number and size of genes tested ( ) .
Genetic testing is a form of medical examination that determines whether an individual is at risk or diagnosed to have any inherited genetic disorders or has the potential to pass it on to the next generation ( , 2009 ) .
If the individual does not have the final say in revealing the test results of a positive genetic disorder , there will be a breach of patient confidentiality when the individual had requested not to reveal the results and may cause even further distraught and strain within the family , even if the individual reveals to the loved ones at later .
Therefore , the individual requesting genetic testing should have the final say in whether to reveal the result of such testing , since the individual will be the one answerable and holds the sole responsibility in the repercussion of informing or withholding the results .
Firstly , an individual will face genetic discrimination if he does not have the final say in revealing a positive result of genetic disorder test .
For instance , an insurance company will refuse to provide any insurance coverage for an individual who may have had tested positive of a genetic disorder or has a high probability of acquiring a genetic disorder , since the insurance company finds it a loss to make a payout to an 'already or potentially-sick ' individual .
In America , a new federal law referred to as the Genetic Information Nondiscrimination Act ( GINA ) was passed in 2008 , to prevent discrimination from insurance companies and employers ( , 2009 ) .
When the individual is discovered for having a genetic disorder and does declare the status beforehand , the individual will bear all the consequences , which includes genetic discrimination since the individual had the choice to weigh the pros and cons of the matter before the individual made a decision on keeping the condition to himself .
Secondly , if the individual requesting genetic testing does not have the final say in whether to reveal the result of such testing , the individual will have problems with his loved ones , such as stress within the family and strained family relationships ( , 2005 ) .
For example , if the family of the individual finds out through the family physician instead of the individual 's , the family will be upset since the individual chose to hide the information .
Even if the individual chooses to tell the family at a later timing for the benefit of not wanting to upset his loved ones , the family will on the other hand feel that it was irresponsible of the individual not to share his/her burden with the family , since the family had to find out the truth from another party .
Arguments that individuals should not be the one having the final say in revealing the genetic test result are weak .
However , even if the genetic test result was positive , it does not infer that the individual has defective genes but it is just that the individual is at a higher risk of acquiring the disease ( , 2009 ) .
" ( 2009 . However once a test result has been conducted , the individual faces a dilemma of whether he should inform his relatives about his results of his genetic test .
, obligated is defined as " something that one must do because of a rule or law .
" ( , 2003 . It is to be noted that it is not against the law if the carrier keeps the results of the genetic test private , as everybody has his own rights in deciding on what should be revealed to the ones around him .
" ( ) .
" ( . Most notably , the word 'liberty ' appeared in both Constitutions .
One of the definitions for liberty is the " freedom from obligation , " which clearly means that it is perfectly legal for the individual to withhold his genetic tests ' results from third parties , and thus is under no obligation to disclose his results .
All people under the state laws are entitled to freedom of speech , and most importantly the freedom to decide and choose for himself .
This can allow or prompt the rest of the family to go for similar tests to determine if they have developed the same genetic disorders .
Early detection allows the carrier to undergo treatment earlier when the genetic problem is still at its infant stage , and thus the problem will be easier to control as compared to its later stage .
Furthermore , direct relatives of the individual can also plan for their own future , with the knowledge that whatever future plans that they might have , they have to keep in mind the genetic disorder .
Thus it is absolutely and morally vital for the affected individual to inform his relatives of his genetic disorder , so as to prepare his relatives psychologically , medically and financially .
However , critics might want to argue that his relatives will alienate him , and thus make the individual feel isolated and uncared for .
In conclusion , I believe that the individual is not obligated to inform his or her relatives about his genetic problems , either legally or personally .
However , he must have the moral responsibility to inform his relatives about his genetic disorders so as to prepare the latter psychologically , medically and financially .
According to the US national institute of health , genetic testing is the examination of a person 's DNA taken from cells in his or her blood , tissues or other body fluids that exhibit a disease or disorder ( . ) .
Is is often used to detect certain suspected inherited disease in an individual or family .
However , when a person is confirmed with certain genetic risk , a question . Is it an obligation for the person to tell his or her relatives about the risk ?
Firstly , a known genetic risk carrier is obligated to tell his or her relatives because of their right to know .
This allows them to have mental preparation about what will possibly happen and to react to the risk .
The right of relatives or families to know the genetic test results can be seen in a WHO report on medical genetic issues ( http : //www.who.int ) , which address that family members have a moral obligation to share genetic information with each another , and thus they can choose whether to be tested themselves .
Secondly , a known genetic risk carrier is obligated to tell his or her relatives to save their lives .
If the relatives know the possible risk in genetic disease , they can request for the genetic test for themselves .
In some circumstances , it is possible to cure a genetic disease in early stage .
This allows the relatives of a genetic disease patient , or even the patient himself , to recover fully from the disease .
For instance , according to the US national institute of health ( when tumors of colon cancer are discovered early , the chances for survival are the greatest and this prevents thousands of cancer deaths a year .
Some people may argue that if a carrier of a known genetic risk tells his or her relatives about the risk , he or she will be abandoned by families .
Nevertheless , this is not true as relatives or family members do help each another when one is in difficulty .
In contrast to abandon , they will give support and pay more attention to the patient .
These encouragement always makes patients to be more confident and brave , thus increasing their chances for survival in some cases .
However , this is . There are countries where laws have been implemented to address such discrimination and to protect these genetic disease patients .
For example , according to the American Society of Human Genetics ( ) , the Disabilities Act ( ADA ) is implemented to deal with genetic discrimination .
With effective implementation of laws to protect genetic disease patients , they should always be encouraged and prompted to reveal the genetic test results to their relatives so that they can benefit from the testing equally .
For instance , if the individual has a dominant gene for Huntington 's disease , his family members including the next generation might be carriers of this disease and may suffer physically and emotionally in the later age of their lives
Furthermore , the result from genetic testing might also cause family members to be discriminated by the society
Thus , it would be not fair if the individual just kept the information and not share it so that the family members could be prepared of the implications .
Being aware that they are at high-risk , they might find out the possible problems and solutions .
Thus , they would be able to make a sound decision with this new knowledge .
For instance , if the family member is informed that she is at high risk of a genetic disease like cystic fibrosis that may cause suffering to her child , she might soon discover that this disease is treatable as soon as the child is born .
When she gives birth to a child , she would immediately send her child for diagnosis and treatment
Similarly , if the disease is untreatable , the family member could make a decision to abort the child so that the disease will not affect the next generation .
There are counsellors and specialists who will aid the individual and family members to recover
These professionals will also share the information with the family members and allow them to be more prepared for the future .
In conclusion , the individuals carrying genetic risk should be obligated to inform their family members as they should be responsible and fair to their family members and not deprive the members from taking early measures against the disease .
However , genetic testing has brought ethical and social issues , not only to the individuals but to the family members as well . ( Norrgard 2008 ) .
Firstly , the advantage of genetic testing to predict the individuals ' chance of developing or passing an inherited disorder onto their offspring has raised a concern whether the carriers tell their relatives ( Procter 2002 ) .
Jacobs and Deatrick ( 1999 ) reported , " the view of an entire-family can be affected by the identification of a family specific mutation .
" Norrgard ( 2008 . An individual who is to have Huntington 's disease has an ethical obligation to reveal the truth of genetic result to his relatives .
Procter ( 2002 ) supported his view that the adults will have better decision making skills to undergo genetic testing that helps to reduce the chance of developing an inherited disorder or passing the disorders to their offspring .
However , individuals ' decisions can be influenced by the fear of developing an inherited genetic disorder and the result of avoiding close relationships with their family members ( Procter 2002 ) .
Therefore , individuals should have an ethical obligation to reveal the truth to their relatives so that they can be treated effectively .
Secondly , the limitation of genetic tests such as the social issue has been taken into account as to whether to reveal the genetic results to their relatives .
Norrgard ( 2008 ) argues that the concern of the family members .
Furthermore , Norrgard ( 2008 ) also points out that the revealtion of genetic information will cause the family members to be discriminated by the insurance company and employers and families who have the risk of developing an inherited disease or disorder .
However , the Federal law has implemented the Genetic Information Nondiscrimination Act to prevent individuals from being discriminated by the insurance company and employer ( Norrgard 2008 ) .
In conclusion , it is the responsibility of the individuals to inform their family members upon deciding the benefits and limitations of the genetic result .
Genetic testing , a testing that looks at a person 's genetic make up , is able to confirm diagnosis of individuals who are at risk of certain genetic disorders like the Huntington 's disease , cystic fibrosis , Tay-Sachs disease , breast cancer and so forth [ HYPERLINK : http : //www.nature.com/scitable/topicpage/Diagnosing-Down-Syndrome-Cystic-Fibrosis-Tay-Sachs-646 ] .
Despite the fact that genetic testing helps to improve one 's life , it is always surrounded by moral and ethical issues that include family-related ethical dilemma when a potential carrier of a genetic disorder is tested to be a positive result .
However , since family history always serves as a guide for genetic testing as passing the mutated genes within the family is of high possibility , results of genetic testing would have implications in the individual who tested it , as well as the family members .
Hence , a carrier of a known genetic risk should be obligated to tell his or her relatives once the genetic test has been conducted and the results are known .
Since there is no symptom of such disease in the early and most treatable stage , revealing of testing result by the carrier would alert the relevant third party to undergo similar testing and receive necessary treatment if it is a positive result .
Some may argue that the third party should have done regular check up to monitor personal health condition instead of starting to do so when there is a carrier in the family .
However , self-examination has low accuracy in detection of breast cancer while other methods like mammography is only meant for women aged 40 years old and above ( georgiahealthinfo.gov , n.d. ) .
This might be relatively inefficient in terms of early detection of the disease as females at a young age would also be exposed to the risk of getting breast cancer .
The fact that " Families saw the disease destroy their loved ones ' ability to feel , think , and move " ( MedicineNet.com , n.d. , p.3 ) indicates the consequence of this incurable genetic disorder that is passed on within the family , if the carrier is not obligated to reveal the testing results .
It is also worth noting that revealing a genetic testing result to the relevant third party would eventually help the carrier to seek more advice to choose the best medical decisions .
In conclusion , a carrier of a known genetic risk should be obligated to reveal the results to the relevant third party as it benefits both the carrier and his or her family members .
Obligation to reveal the results would help the family members in early detection of the genetic disorder which is followed by treatment , making important life decisions and facilitate the carriers to choose the best medical decisions .
Genetic testing provides us with information whether someone has a symptom ; shows whether a person is a carrier for a genetic disease ; helps expectant parents know whether an unborn child will have a genetic disease etc ( Access Excellence @ National Health Museum ) .
There are many types of genetic diseases such as Down Syndrome , Huntington 's disease , cystic fibrosis , hemophilia A , and hereditary breast and ovarian cancer .
However , genetic testing has raised numerous ethical issues , one of them concerning consent and confidentiality of the tested individual identified to be a carrier of a known genetic risk .
Whether an individual with the genetic disease chooses to disclose the genetic information to the family members depends on how they gauge the risks and benefits of revealing the truth , their sense of responsibility towards them and most importantly how it affects them ( Agatha & Angst , 2009 ) .
It is understood that individuals who carry the disease do not wish to reveal their genetic results due to privacy issues or fear that their family members are not ready to accept it .
For example , strenuous exercise can cause sudden death in people with genetic diseases such as hypertrophic cardiomyopathy ( Agatha & Angst , 2009 ) .
It is inherited as an autosomal dominant trait ; therefore there is high possibility that if an individual tested positive , his or her siblings would have one in two chance of carrying the same genetic mutation .
Thus , it is obligatory to notify relatives so that early recognition and treatment of the disease , if present , can be done .
To share one 's genetic results with relatives also in a way protects their own safety at work or any other situations .
Also , when those people who are carriers of thalassemia are exposed to lead or benzene , it is hazardous to their health and causes adverse effects .
By revealing their genetic testing results to their relatives , their family members will be able to help them take note of what they should avoid and assess the occupational risks at their workplace .
Thus , an individual with known genetic risk should be obligated to tell his or her relatives to protect themselves from potentially dangerous environments and ensure their personal safety .
There is also a legal requirement , the privacy rule of the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 that the health care providers have to respect and protect patients ' privacy of health information ( Agatha & Angst , 2009 ) .
However , this legal requirement is decided on a case-by-case basis as there are situations when a clinician may consider necessary intervention , that is , notifying their family members for some life- threatening cases .
For example , individuals with mutations that predispose them to malignant hyperthermia may die if they were under the use of certain surgical anaesthesia ( Agatha & Angst , 2009 ) .
In conclusion , the carrier of a known genetic risk should be obligated to tell his or her relatives to protect his or her family 's health as well as protect his or her own safety .
Nowadays , , our understanding of genes and how they affect our health and cause diseases has deepened .
A diagnostic test capable of identifying diseases causing genes known as genetic testing was developed along with our knowledge on genes .
The disclosure of a genetic test result , particularly a result that shows a person has a risk of getting a certain diseases or disorder will lead to social discrimination during employment and during purchase of insurance .
In addition , there are three vulnerable groups of people in our society that require protection if they were to undergo genetic testing .
Firstly , the discovery of a policy holder 's test result , which showed that he might have a risk for certain disease , may prompt the insurance company to increase the price of the premium the policy holder has to pay in order to be fair to other policy holders .
Although in this way , it seems fair to the rest of the society , the individual having the risk is being discriminated against .
Furthermore , allowing access to the test result can cause problems in the workplace .
Employers have the tendency to employ the people with few or possibly no health problems .
" If the carrier of a genetic risk should decide not to tell his relatives or a third party about the outcome , he should not be compelled further to as this violates his .
Thirdly , there are three special categories of people in our society that need consideration .
As they are young or handicapped , they might be immature to know the consequences after they reveal their results of genetic testing .
In this case , should they be obliged to tell their relatives or the public ?
The possible undue stress and social stigmatism that they could face might prove difficult for them to handle at such tender age .
In the United States , even though there is Americans with Disabilities Act protecting them from social discrimination , no one can guarantee that all employers will follow the law .
Critics might argue that since genetic test result only shows the risk of getting a particular disease or disorder , it does not necessarily imply the individual has them and therefore , they should share the test result with their relatives to allow them to seek early prevention .
However , they fail to consider his relatives ' reactions towards him just like how people react to Human Immunodeficiency Virus ( HIV ) patients .
In conclusion , individuals should not feel obligated to disclose their genetic test result .
In fact , they should have all the rights to decide what to do with it because the repercussions that arise from the act of revealing it are very serious .
Thus , the individual should decide what is best for him .
For an inheritable genetic disease , the carrier refers to the person who has the gene related to the disease , but the disease may not necessarily be expressed in him or her but it may be manifested in their offsprings .
This means that the child has to bear with the possibility of the onset of the disease and subsequent repercussion if the genetic disease is confirmed .
Hence , by letting the relatives know about the genetic risk , they can offer moral support such as giving words of encouragement , paying more attention to the carriers and reassuring them that it is not their fault that they have the undesirable gene .
Hence , the support garnered from family members may boost the carriers ' self-esteem and motivational level , knowing that they do not have to walk this journey alone .
One argument for the obligation is that family members have their rights to information about themselves and their loved ones .
Many genetic disorders worsen over time and have long-term health consequences ; thus the disclosure of the results for an inherited disease is beneficial for early treatment and prevention of the disorder to save lives .
The results of genetic testing may open doors for potential discrimination in terms of job opportunities and insurance policies .
A federal measure , the Genetic Information Nondiscrimination Act ( GINA ) , was signed into law in the United States , to provide protection against genetic discrimination ( Norrgard 2008 ) .
Hopefully , with the recent passage of GINA in the U.S. , discrimination of inheritable carriers can be removed and people will feel comfortable working with genetic counselors who can provide information about the advantages and disadvantages of the genetic test and discuss the social and emotional aspects of choosing to undergo genetic tests and disclose the results that contribute to better management of health care and life choices .
With medical technology advances today , genetic testing has been commonly used to detect any disorders or diseases that are present in our genes .
It is a method where the person 's DNA is taken and isolated to test for the presence of any defects or specific genes that could cause any future onset of disorders or diseases ( Genetic testing , n.d. ) .
Since the test involves genes and in general , , the carrier of a known genetic risk should be obligated to tell his or her relatives .
If the carrier is known to have a genetic risk , there may be a chance that other family members or relatives have that disorder or disease which may be found in their genes .
This will allow them to take precautions and preventive measures about their health condition .
When the other family members or relatives have an early detection of such diseases like Marfan syndrome , they are able to take preventive measures early like consulting a doctor , taking medications that could slow down the heart rate in order to prevent stress on the aorta and avoiding having sports to prevent of injuring the heart ( Haldeman-Englert , C. , May 15 , 2008 ) .
Lastly , .
This is where a positive carrier of a specific genetic risk knows that they are not alone and referrals for respite care , medical and hospice services , tips for care-giving and et cetera ( Drellishak R. , May 25 , 2003 ) .
So , when other family members or relatives are tested positive for the disorder or disease , at least they know that they are not alone and they could rely on the support group for any advice or any moral or emotional support from them .
In conclusion , the carrier of a known genetic risk is obligated to tell his or her relatives so as to prevent further spread of the genetic disorder , to take early preventive measures and to give moral support to those who have the same genetic risk .
While some argue that under certain circumstances , the non-disclosure of relevant genetic information brings harm to the individual and a third party , it in fact helps to protect an individual 's right to confidentiality , safeguard against discrimination and reduce psychological stress .
An individual has the right of keeping his or her genetic test result confidential , and without securing consent of the individual , the test result should not be disclosed .
Admittedly , genetic testing raises legal issues ; however , an individual who tested positive for a genetic disease has to decide whether to make known the results of genetic testing to relevant third parties such as family members or relatives who have the possibility of passing on the similar disease .
Regardless of the individual 's right to confidentiality , the test results are disclosed under certain circumstances such as when the non- disclosure of relevant genetic test results brings harm to the individual and also the third parties ( Lee , 2005 ) .
In the United States , federal law Genetic Information Non-discrimination Act ( GINA ) was passed to protect the individuals at risk for genetic diseases from facing discrimination by insurance companies and employers based on the results obtained from genetic testing ( Public Law , 2008 ) .
Under this act , employers are prohibited from making unfavourable employment decisions and insurance companies are prohibited from reducing insurance coverage .
Although some argue that genetic testing raises social issues , these individuals may face discrimination from employers , insurance providers and society .
It is more difficult for these individuals in applying for employment and life and health insurance coverage .
Although some argue that genetic testing raises ethical issues , the individual faces much psychological stress such as anxiety , fear and guilt when undergoing the process of genetic testing .
The individual is in ethical dilemma of whether to share the genetic test results within the families .
Daily exposure to strong UV radiations by sunlight and chemical substances or carcinogens will definitely have a great impact on human health .
According to the National Cancer Institute ( n.d. ) in the United States , genetic testing is a DNA analysis done to disclose the increased risk of development of a certain disease or disorder caused by genetic mutation .
Although genetic testing has remarkably improved our life , it still gives rise to many controversial issues , especially ethical concerns .
If one has unfortunately been tested positive in their genetic test , this would more or less place them in an ethical dilemma , whether they should reveal the results to their family members .
Anyhow , as a member of the family , one is obligated to tell the genetic test results to one ' own relatives .
First of all , sharing information and test results with the family can reduce potential disease and even cancer risk among the relatives .
For instance , women from families with hereditary breast cancer should undergo genetic testing or counselling to estimate the expectancy of getting it .
This would help reduce the chance of getting the cancer if preventative measures have been taken earlier .
Some carriers of genetic diseases object to telling their genetic test results as they think that such disclosure would not help in curing those disorders .
At the same time , different curable and controlled treatments can also be carried out for certain diseases , for example , Adenosine deaminase deficiency and asthma .
Therefore , sharing test results with family might relieve those emotional effects and keep them away from gloomy thoughts .
Some patients and carriers oppose to disclosing the test results as they worry that they will be discriminated at home and experience self-abasement .
Furthermore , grief will only aggravate a patients condition .
Consequently , consolation , support and solace from relatives are very important once the individuals are tested positive for genetic diseases .
Besides that , family members can have proper planning before giving birth if a medical history of hereditary disease in the family is known .
Children may have a 50 percent chance of inheriting the mutated genes from disease-affected parents .
Children suffering from this disease will have slower development physically and mentally
To ensure healthy state of individuals with ICC , proper care , specifically avoidance of triggering events in daily routine , should be delivered by kinfolks ( Burton , H. , Alberg , C. , Stewart , A. , 2009 ) .
All in all , individuals have the right to conceal their genetic test results in order to protect their own privacy .
In addition to the importance of sharing genetic test results to reduce disease risk and practise family planning , support but not discrimination by family is the foremost form of assistance to those who are tested positive for genetic diseases during their illness .
Genetic testing is whereby an individual 's gene is tested for abnormalities , susceptibility for diseases or any genetic disorder that can lead to either physical or mental problems , or both .
Since the affected individual shares similar genes within the family , he or she is obligated to let his or relatives know about the genetic condition .
Firstly , it may help prevent the individual from encountering a situation where he is denied of insurance coverage when the health insurer finds out the affected individual could be prone to a one or more genetic diseases due to family history .
Such cases happen due to the health insurer being bent on making money , with no care towards the person in ill health ( Townsend , 1997 ) .
Even if it is to be declared , there will not be a change in premium charges as compared to those who declared that they have a family history but have not gone for genetic tests .
Thereby , it can help ensure that the affected person is able to be under insurance coverage , providing some security especially financial security for the family members .
Secondly , having one genetic condition assessed , it gives the affected individual the freedom to make an informed choice concerning the type of job or employment that he or she can undertake , with the inclusion of one 's safety and health .
This helps the individual to avoid certain occupations that might increase the risk of having to face ill health or end up in a life threatening situation during one 's course of work ( Nuffiel Council , 1997 ) .
An example would be the Huntington 's disease , a neurological disorder where loss of motor control is one of the symptoms , if a particular employee in a construction yard has such a disease , not only does it pose high risk to himself but also to the other employees ( Mclean , 2008 ) .
In the United Kingdom , there is the Employment Protection ( Consolidation ) Act 1978 which helps to ensure fairness to the employee after a genetic screening .
Thirdly,by letting the family members and relatives know of an individual genetic risk to a particular disorder such as Huntington 's Disease , it makes them aware that such a genetic disease runs within the family .
In short , when the relatives of the individual who is tested positive for a certain genetic disease , may have raised fears such as inability to obtain insurance or loss of job , it does not necessarily mean that it will happen as there are policies and regulations implemented to help those who are genetically discriminated .
Genetic testing basically uses laboratorial techniques to examine the genes of an individual and identify any inheritable disease like Huntington 's disease .
Thus , individuals with such genetic diseases but do not suffer from it are called carriers as they can pass it on to their future generations .
However , there are some ethical and social issues with regard to whether the family of the carrier should inform his or her relatives .
Although these issues are inevitable , the carrier should ultimately be obligated to reveal the genetic test results to the family members as the benefits of it would outweigh any other problems .
Firstly , disclosure of genetic test results to family members can reduce the risk of danger of the genetic disorder by treating it early and before any effects of the illness starts to kick in .
Treatable genetic diseases like hemophilia which causes excessive bleeding in damaged tissues and occurs usually in the beginning of adulthood .
( Gene Reviews ) Hence , this is crucial to save a hemophiliac from over bleeding especially if he or she is unaware of such a condition .
Next , it is important to inform siblings and children of the genetic disease they might contract and also the possibility of passing those harmful genes to their children if they plan to have any .
Possible heriditary genes can be attributed to a child 's mental retardation and this eventually leads to social discrimination and also the sufferings the parents and the affected child have to bear .
Not only , can the notified family members know of the consequence they might face . Some can be treated during the fetal stage of the pregnancy .
Such genetic disorders like Gaucher disease can be identified early and treated in time via biweekly with enzyme infusion .
( EmaxHealth ) Therefore , with the genetic test result at hand , family members can decide whether to bear children with possible genetic disorders which would affect their lives drastically and also set preventive medical treatments .
( Human Genome Project Information ) Therefore , disclosing genetic test results to family members would only cause unnecessary anxiety to them , which can greatly affect their quality of life .
On the other hand , proponents can argue that life should not be gambled with and especially when it involves loved ones .
Hence , it is not ethically wrong to inform relatives of the carrier about the possible risk and the decision of whether they should undergo similar genetic testing would then be up to them .
In conclusion , the disclosure of genetic disorders of the carrier to the relatives can be very beneficial to their welfare as they can take preventive medical intervention and also decide whether to bear a child who might suffer the similar effects .
Although genetic testing is not always definite in predicting illnesses , no one would ever know if the genetic disease might occur and early prevention can ultimately save the individual 's life .
If an individual discovers after a genetic test that he has a high risk of developing certain diseases , it would mean that his family member who share similar genes may be at risk as well ( Forrest K , 2003 ) .
Not only is it his responsibility to share his genetic testing results with his family ( Forrest K , 2003 ) , informing his family members will give them a chance for early detection of the disease as well as to make necessary family planning ( Agatha M , Denise B and Kathleen A , 2009 ) .
Hence , carriers of a known genetic risk is obligated to tell their family members his genetic test result .
Being in the same family , it is one 's responsibility to take care of each other 's well-being ( Forrest K , 2003 ) .
Hence , to fulfill the responsibility as a member of the family , the carrier of genetic risk should tell his relatives his genetic test result .
The relatives can make an informed decision as to whether they want to have genetic testing done themselves .
Thus , the genetic risk carrier should not hesitate to tell his relatives so that they can benefit from the information medically .
Genetic Testing grants us the ability to determine an individual 's paternity and his chances of getting a genetic disorder such as Downs syndrome .
Since genetic testing requested by an individual involves the use of own genetic makeup , it is therefore against their human right to reveal the genetic testing results without their contest .
There are many controversies on the fairness in the use of genetic information by other third parties such as insurers , employers , adoption agencies , schools , military and the courts .
Furthermore , revealing the results to the relatives can encourage them to be more health conscious and also to remind that to go for frequent checkups since they might run the risk of having the same disorder too ( Weiss 1999 ) .
In conclusion , the revealing of genetic test results may bring more problems than solutions to the individual and therefore they should be given the final say in whether to reveal the results .
The advantages of genetic testing include diagnosis of current or future diseases , prevention or early treatment and reducing disease risk in future generations ( ; Riper , 2005 ) .
Some possible disadvantages include anxiety , stress and strained family relationships ( Riper , 2005 ) .
While sharing can improve workplace safety and family health , it may also lead to genetic discrimination or unnecessary stress for both the patient and his family ( Sobel and Bursztajn , 2000 ) .
However , there are antidiscrimination laws where stressed individuals can seek genetic counseling ( .
Hence , an individual should be obligated to tell third parties his or her genetic test results .
Firstly , sharing of genetic test results benefits the individual with regards to the working environment .
Opponents of this position argue that revelation of genetic test results to third parties will cause individuals to face genetic discrimination .
When an individual is identified as having a gene mutation associated with a disease , his family and relatives may also have that gene mutation .
His direct family has a fifty percent chance of having the same mutation while his extended family has 25 percent chance of having the same mutation ( Norrgard , 2008 ) .
As science develops rapidly , genetic testing , one of the most advanced technologies , has become a common component of medical care .
Therefore , these results should be told , no matter if it is good or bad .
As we all know , genetic disorders are not contagious and there is no risk for those people who want to offer help .
However , sometimes when there is high pressure , like knowing they are having a genetic disorder , the individuals can not make decisions properly , while their family and professional can take good care of them and make the best decision for them ( Forrest et al. , 2007 ) .
Someone may claim that other people 's decision may lead to potential dangers for the person concerned ( Forrest et al. , 2007 ) , since we are not them and can not know exactly what they need .
Nowadays , as the technology of genetic testing has developed , people who are at risk of genetic disorders may request for such testing to determine their health condition .
Revealing the results of individual genetic testing without an individuals permission may lead to the invasion of privacy and social discrimination .
An important reason why an individual should have the final say in whether to reveal the results of genetic testing is because people have the right to protect their privacy .
Because the results of genetic testing not only affect the person who takes the test but also relates to his family members , sometimes people may encounter dilemmas .
Individuals may make different decisions depending on their situations .
For example , after undergoing genetic testing , people may find out that their siblings also have the same genetic disorder as them .
Some may suggest that it is an ethical responsibility for people who are found to have genetic disorders to inform the results to their family members .
However , since currently there is no legislation forcing people to do so , the results should be treated as private and should be protected ( Norrgard 2008 ) .
If the results of individual genetic testing are revealed to employers and insurance companies , employers may not hire people who are diagnosed with certain diseases .
Likewise , insurance companies may also refuse to serve people who have high risk of some diseases ( Maxwell & Mehlman 1999 ) .
Opponents may argue that the law can be used as a means to protect against genetic discrimination .
To conclude , since genetic testing results deals with people 's privacy and revealing them may cause social discrimination , the individual requesting genetic testing should have the final say in whether to reveal the results of such testing .
The Oxford Dictionary defines genetic testing as the sequencing of human DNA in order to discover genetic differences , anomalies , or mutations that may prove pathological .
While the individual has no legal or professional obligation to inform his relatives , he nevertheless has a very strong moral obligation to do so as his relatives who may have inherited the condition can take action to improve the prognosis as well as prepare themselves mentally and socially , not revealing this information can be interpreted as negligence on the part of the carrier , and telling his relatives will allow them to anticipate lifestyle changes to accommodate his condition as well as ready them for possible financial strain that may come about .
First of all , it is a known fact that genetic conditions may be hereditary and thus indirectly involve the relatives of the carrier as well , putting the carrier 's relatives at a possible risk of having the condition as well .
While some might say that there is no point in knowing if a disease has no cure , knowing has its benefits as it not only prepares the individual for the physical aspects of the disease but also the psychological aspects .
He will be able to work towards acceptance of the fact that he might have the condition and be able to adapt easily to it in the event that the condition manifests itself itself , as opposed to the condition striking suddenly without prior warning .
Finally , the financial impact of the disease on the carrier and his relatives must also be considered in the ethical reasoning of this argument as the financial aspects of a disease may be far reaching , especially for families in the low income group .
Some have suggested that the issue is related to privacy and the disclosure of genetic information may cause anxiety , guilt , depression and other disadvantages in both individuals and their relatives ( Norrgard , 2008 ) .
According to a documented research done by Clarke , Richards , and Kerzin-Storrar , among the 40,000 clients attending genetics clinics over a 1-year period world-wide , only 65 were reported as non- disclosure cases , a frequency of non-disclosure that was shown to be less than 1 % of all genetics consults .
Genetic information is relevant to both the carrier of a known genetic risk and his or her relatives due to " genetic heritage " ( Wertz , 2003 , p.50 ) . Thus relatives who are unaware of their risk may experience consequences for personal health and family planning ( Forrest et al , 2007 ) .
In fact many published guidelines for genetic information disclosure have listed explicit statements such as 'family ' , 'family members ' or 'relatives ' to broadly include some who are at risk of a genetic condition .
This can be achieved through personal understanding or advice given by genetic health professionals ( Gaff , 2007 ) .
In summary , the carrier of a known genetic risk should be obligated to tell his or her relatives because the sense of responsibility to inform the relatives with crucial genetic information outweighs concerns about affecting the individual by imparting " bad " or potentially unwelcome news .
The gene is the basic heredity unit in all living organisms . Its properties concerns families and kinship of all humans .
Genetics is the study of how characteristics are passed down through generations .
The ability to identify more genes which are related to specific disorders increases dramatically as the genetic technology develops vigorously .
Some of those who receive a positive testing result , despite the shock and the devastating situation that they face , will consider the interests of other family members and inform their relatives of the existence of this genetic risk in the family .
Thus , there is a need for a carrier of a known genetic risk to be legally obligated to tell his or her relatives .
If they are being alerted to such a condition , they will be able to seek possible treatments and receive warnings to avoid detrimental environment stimuli .
For example , malignant hyperthermia syndrome is an autosomal dominant disorder where life-threatening conditions will be triggered by regular anesthesia .
Prior warning of a carrier can actually prevent unexpected death of blood relatives during surgery ( Andrews , 1994 ) .
Moreover , information of genetic risk from a carrier will serve as guidance in his or her relatives ' reproductive decision making .
After knowing of a possible genetic condition , one may think twice before deciding to conceive a child .
They will tend to avoid passing on the undesirable condition to their children , hence they may seek proper guidance through counseling before considering to conceive a child .
Knowing of this dormant genetic disease earlier certainly allows the patients to make decision whether to build a family , or for those who already have their own families - whether to conceive children because there is a 50 % chance of passing the mutated gene to the offspring for each pregnancy .
In addition , informed relatives who then find out their genetic condition - whether as carrier or sufferer of that particular genetic disease , are given a chance to secure financial schemes for future use .
Furthermore , their family members are granted the time to equip themselves with the knowledge and to take care of said patients for an extended period of time in future .
Undoubtedly , privacy advocates criticize that such enforced obligation violates an individual 's autonomy .
They argue that for family interest to outweigh one 's autonomy is unethical because there may be cases where relatives use one 's genetic disorder information to their own advantage , rendering material loss and mishap social status to the individual .
For example , a woman can easily claim custody of her children from her formal husband who has Huntington 's disease , by asserting he will not have the ability to take care of their children in the near future .
While it is true that the extreme circumstances mentioned do exist in society , one must agree that relatives have their rights too , to know about the presence of genetic risk within the family because no one has exclusive rights over his or her genes as they are shared among the family .
Spouses too have the right to know when it comes to making a family just as he or she has equal rights over the children .
Therefore , a carrier of known genetic risk should be legally obligated to inform relatives , not just morally responsible to do that .
In conclusion , legal obligation of carriers with known genetic risk to tell their relatives should be implemented as it brings about advantages such as preventing loss of lives and reducing uncertainties in potential patients ' futures .
As DNA technology advances , our ability to test individuals for genetic disorders is increasing significantly .
The controversial issue on whether one should be obliged to disclose the result of such testing remains a subject of great concern among the society ( Mehlman , 1999 ) . Individual genetic information should not be revealed to a third party without authorisation of the tested individual because the fundamental right to privacy should be respected .
Also , the predictive nature of genetic testing suggests that there is no need to allow the results to be made public .
Firstly , based on the context of confidentiality and privacy , individuals have a right to maintain confidentiality of the genetic makeup .
One may perceive privacy as an overrated right .
Thus , a positive or a negative outcome does not rule out the possibility for one to contract certain genetic disorders since it only gives a probabilistic indicator of the chances to develop certain diseases based on inherited conditions .
The disclosure of such a result might make the other family members worry unnecessarily .
for most adult-onset conditions , knowing a child 's genetic status will not affect the course of the disease or its treatment .
Moreover , the society is already well educated on the ways to prevent cancer .
It is through the maintenance of healthy lifestyle coupled with routine medical checkups .
They might also be turned down for job promotions .
Due to profit considerations , one 's privilege to different schemes of insurance converge might be limited .
One might even be excluded from health insurance coverage when one 's gene status shows a flaw
As such , the Genetic Information Nondiscrimination Act ( GINA ) is implemented to prevent health insurers and employers from discriminating against a person 's genetic predispositions ( Allison , 2008 ) .
One may argue that following the safeguards established , it should be able to hinder the needless worries .
However , Norrgard,K ( 2008 ) pointed out that current regulations lack an adequate enforcement mechanism .
Assurances of protection is more difficult to come by . Afterall , , the decisions made are still largely dependent on the subjective perception of the society .
In conclusion , the decision of people to have their results of genetic testing disclosed or to refuse that should be voluntary and should not be interfered with .
There has been an ongoing debate on whether doctors should reveal the results of genetic tests to others besides the individuals who have undergone the tests without their acknowledgement ( Lynch , 2008 ) , ( Ostrom , 1997 ) and ( Tanner , 2004 ) .
Hence individuals should have the final say on whether to reveal the results of their genetic tests to their relatives .
It is undoubtedly beneficial to inform relatives that they might be at risk of developing a hereditary disease when an individual 's genetic tests turn out to be positive ( University of Colorado Health Sciences Center , 2004 ) .
Insurance companies might have gotten hold of an individual 's positive genetic tests without his consent to show his relatives why their insurance premiums were inflated ( University of Colorado Health Sciences Center , 2004 ) or to explain why their bid to get insured was rejected ( Ostrom , 1997 ) .
Although there are regulations to prevent insurers from discriminating people with a higher chance of getting certain genetic diseases ( The Changes in Health Care Financing and Organization ( HCFO ) , 2005 ) , it might lead to higher insurance premiums for everyone .
Hence , the results of individuals ' genetic test should not be revealed to others unless individuals choose to as the information could be abused and their relatives would most likely be affected .
The individual requesting genetic testing should have the final say on whether to reveal the results of such testing .
Ethical issues such as whether an individual requesting genetic testing should have the final say in revealing the results remains shady .
Many argue that they should not have the final say as it benefits the general public .
In fact , knowing the results might create unnecessary fear among people .
Not only that , the society might in turn discriminate against the individual with an undesired result .
Furthermore , it is morally wrong to reveal the results without the individual 's consent as it intrudes into one 's privacy .
Secondly , revealing the results without the individual 's final say might cause unnecessary stress to others , especially their relatives .
An individual might chose not to reveal the outcome of the test as it might create anxiety amongst their loved ones .
Some might argue that this will impose more strain on the individual who is already facing the stress from reality , and therefore , revealing the results might unburden him or her .
Thirdly , knowing the results of the genetic test on the individuals might cause discriminations against them .
As our genes are not controlled by us , it will be unfair to discriminate against individuals based on their genetic makeup ( Norrgard , 2008 ) .
This not only hinders one 's potential , but also affects the way the individual walks his or her remaining path of life .
Similarly , a health insurance company might deny an individual an insurance plan or charge them a higher rate if such results are disclosed to it. .
Some might argue that this is necessary to prevent people from benefitting off those insurance companies .
However , we must not forget the fact that we have no control over our genetic make-up .
As such it is not because they want to benefit off these companies , it is more of what they have to do in order to survive financially .
By doing so , we can respect each other 's privacy , minimize unnecessary stress on others as well as eliminate discrimination against the already unfortunate individuals .
Genetic testing is a technique used to test for genetic disorders .
In genetic testing , a patient 's DNA is tested for mutation and DNA is obtained from his/her blood sample .
Some reasons why people should go for genetic testing are to find out genetic diseases in babies and to find out whether a person carries a mutated gene and might t pass it on to his children .
Although some may argue that a carrier of a known genetic risk should tell his or her relatives about it , due to privacy issues , or different emotional reactions of relatives or parents .
Firstly , revealing genetic testing results raises an issue of privacy .
Individuals who found out that their genes were mutated have an increased risk iof developing cancer or diseases .
Similarly , individuals who have the likelihood of developing cancer or diseases will have difficulties obtaining insurance as individuals are likely to have increased medical bills once they develop cancer or diseases .
Insurance costs might also be very high. .
Furthermore , it is unfair to discriminate against individuals who have the likelihood of developing cancer or diseases as they themselves can not control their own genes .
Secondly , revealing genetic testing results will result in different emotional reactions of relatives or parents .
This is because different people will react differently after knowing an individual 's genetic testing results .
For example , if individuals reveal their genetic testing results to their parents , their parents will feel very guilty and blame themselves as individuals had inherited their mutated gene ( s ) .
An individual 's parents will not want to go for genetic testing as they fear that if one of them has a positive test result , he/she is the one who passed his/her mutated genes to the individual
On the other hand , an individual 's parents may have a positive response to genetic testing results .
They will feel relieved that they have found an explanation on why individuals are suffering from cancer or diseases .
Therefore , emotional reactions of relatives or parents are unpredictable and it depends on the belief and mindset of relatives or parents of individuals .
Thus , to prevent relatives or parents thinking negatively , a carrier of a known genetic risk should not be obligated to tell his or her relatives .
There is an argument stating that revealing individuals ' genetic test results will benefit the individuals ' relative or parents .
Although revealing individuals ' genetic test result will benefit individuals ' relative or parents , not much preventive measures can be done to delay or lower the risk of individuals ' relative or parents from developing cancer or diseases .
Therefore , there is no need to reveal individuals ' genetic test result as individuals can ask their parents or relatives to undergo genetic testing without revealing their result .
In conclusion , revealing genetic testing results will affect individuals .
Therefore , a carrier of a known genetic risk should not be obligated to tell his or her relatives due to privacy concerns , and negative emotional reactions of relatives or parents .
The human genome project , begun in 1990 , was an ambitious project with the aim of sequencing the 3 billion human DNA and identifying the genes present in these DNA.1 It is no doubt that this project is one of the most successful achievements in the field of biotechnology .
The information gathered enables one to know how the genetic makeup of human correlate to a particular cause of disease.1 However the availability of such tests has brought about other ethical issues , like should the results be announced to the carrier of known genetic risk to his relatives .
The medical history of an individual is confidential , and prior to revealing the results to anyone , one should seek the permission of the individual and respect his privacy .
One might argue for the fact that the results might affect his immediate family and the carrier has the responsibility of informing them in order for them to take preemptive measures .
Those who took this stand overlook the very fact that genetic testing results only show the presence of the risk . It does not mean that the linked disease will surely manifest itself .
The immediate family might undergo unnecessary stress only to discover that that disorder might not have occurred at all .
The individual might risk being discriminated against by his own family and thus the weight of revealing the results should lie solely on the individual .
Taking the test and knowing the results might be quite disturbing to the subject involved and might adversely affect his social life . One may take the stand that if the subject knows that he is a carrier , he should tell his spouse about it and together make a careful decision with regard to family planning .
One may also argue that he has a moral obligation now to weight if he should even have children , fearing passing the risk to the next generation .
Those who take this stands are actually discriminating against an individual on a groundless basis , and removing his basic human right to even start and live in a normal family .
Many of such tests only reveal the fact that the subject is at a higher risk of developing the disorder with respect to one without that particular genetic makeup .
The results , however , will not predict when nor whether it will really occur..2 It is ironic that if one were to take a look at the other side of the coin of most of these statistical data data , chances of the particular disorder not occurring within the carriers is actually very much higher .
In conclusion , the decision of informing the subject 's immediate family should lie solely with the subject himself .
He has to assess the pros and cons his of own unique situation and make a choice .
He should not be forced , or under any external influences into revealing the test results . His privacy has to be respected .
One should recognize the fact that these results from genetic testing only point to the fact that one is only at a higher risk of developing the disorder , it does not mean the disorder will surely occur
Genetic testing can check for some genetic disorder or disease such as { Hemophilia } [ HYPERLINK : http : //en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hemophilia ] , Huntington 's disease and Marfan Syndrome , which means that this kind of disease has a certain possibility to be inherited by the next generation .
Firstly , it is general knowledge that until now , all kinds of genetic disease have no definite cure .
It seems to be doing no benefit to reveal the existence of the genetic disease to the carrier 's relatives .
This can actually prevent an unfortunate birth that would affect the life to be born .
Somehow , privacy is what people are most concerned with when discussing this topic .
I could not agree more with the fact that the carrier 's privacy is sacrificed when he or she revealsl the testing result .
Nevertheless , family members should have the right to know the genetic information as they are genetically related to each other , which means that they are at the same risk also .
The outcome of bearing a heavy burden alone can be so serious that the person may end up devastated by the psychological disease rather than the genetic disease .
Sharing the result with relatives can indeed relieve the burden and help the person fight against the disease or disorder together .
Some may say that revealing the result would cause tension within the family . It is true .
However , if he thinks positively , he can in fact share the tension with his family so that he does not have to carry it alone .
In conclusion , the carrier should be obligated to tell his or her relatives the result of genetic testing for their benefit , and of course the carrier 's own benefit .
When the result of the test is positive , those who have a genetic risk will receive appropriate treatment .
However , whether a carrier of such disease is obligated to tell his or her relatives has become a great concern since the last few years .
Although it is the right of the individual requesting genetics to decide to reveal the result or not ( Scientific American , 2008 ) , relatives of a carrier also have the right to be warned against any genetic risk and to receive necessary treatment .
This will lead to some diseases , dependdepending on which gene is mutated .
If aware of it , they may choose to go through some genetic tests to check whether the disorder is present ( Scientific American , 2008 ) .
If the result is positive , then they will receive necessary treatment .
Although we have not found how to cure many of such diseases yet , if it is detected soon , the life of the patient can be lengthened .
In fact , the reactions of people with disorders are different ( Cancer.net , 2009 ) thus we may not have been diagnosed to have cancer since we were young but it may come out when we reach middle age .
Knowing more about a risk of having a disease may help people to be more aware of its phenomenon , as well as more concerned about their health ( Cancer.net , 2009 ) .
They may have medical check-up more frequently and if there is any disorder that can threaten their life , it will be identified soon and it is always better when we can control a disease when it has not become worse yet .
It is because genetic disorder not only affects the health of carriers but also their life .
For example , a person who is diagnosed with a serious disorder in a gene , which may lead to a rare disease , will have to think very carefully before getting married since his or her children may also have this disease .
Moreover , genetic disorders usually have a great influence on the carrier 's health .
It may decrease the working capability of the carrier , or some hidden disease can become worse if the carrier works too much or lives in an extremely polluted place .
While children whose parents are diagnosed with a genetic disease can very possibly have it ( Genetic Home Reference , 2009 ) , they should be informed so that they can make suitable decisions in choosing job , participating in hard activities and so on .
Although there is a concern that a positive test with a particular genetic disease can decrease the chance of the candidate in getting a job ( Fisher , 2009 ) since companies always want employees who can work as hard as they want , laws are passed in order to protect the victims of disorder ( Fisher , 2009 ) .
Moreover , carriers of disorders can receive support from their relatives , especially from their family if they let them know about the diagnosis .
When a teenager is diagnosed with a serious genetic disorder , she must tell her parents know , since the doctor needs the permission of her family before giving her any treatment .
It is said that parents may feel guilty because their may pass a dangerous disorder over their children ( Cancer , 2009 ) .
However , when a carrier 's family knows well about her health condition , she will receive more care , which is better for her .
They will receive more encouragement , as well as other help in terms of money , medicine and so on ( Croft , 2009 ) .
Hence , it also help to increase the success rate of the treatment because when the patients really think of overcoming the disease , the process will go on easily .
In conclusion , because it is a right of humans to know about the risk they have , the carriers of disorders must tell their relatives about it .
It not only protects their relatives but also helps them in fighting the diseases .
Over the years , genetic testing has been increasingly used in clarifying a diagnosis for more targeted treatments and allowing families to avoid having children with devastating diseases .
However , It may also be a precarious tool capable of invading an individual 's privacy and breaching confidentiality , thus having a significantly negative impact on future public health .
Therefore , individuals should have the final say whether to reveal the results of their own genetic testing .
According to these documents , anyone , including all healthcare providers , has no right to disclose individuals ' genetic information to a third party without the individual 's consent .
On the other hand , if the individual chooses to freely release such information to family members who may not be susceptible , cause undue anxiety .
Admittedly , can result in negative consequences , but one can also adopt the view that a responsible person would wish to communicate relevant information to their family members who are interested in that information , and another responsible person is interested in that information , particularly where it may have a significance in future decisions that they might hold .
Supporting this notion , evidence from a government case study suggests that individuals withholding genetic information from people who may need to know is not a common occurrence .
In addition , the desirability of sharing information with family members is also emphasized through counseling and doctor 's persuading , but not made a condition as it does not supersede the individual 's right to privacy .
This , however , is judged on a case by case basis , and is only approved if an individual 's decision causes potential damage rather than mere inconvenience and if the reason for refusal to give permission has evidence of malice .
Therefore , individuals should still have the final say because the interest of the family members does not supersede individuals ' privacy and there is an assumed responsibility of individuals to share relevant information , but even without doing so , family members would still be protected by the laws .
Employers would prefer to hire a " healthy worker " because they have a lower frequency of being absent through illness which translates to lower cost in work impairments , hiring temporary replacements and less precaution to be taken to deal with health and safety risks .
Moreover , genetic information can also deny a person with late onset of a disease of a particular job , for example a person with Huntington 's disease , being healthy most of his or her lifetime .
Though some employers claimed that knowing individuals ' genetic information can help them to take specific measures to protect individuals at risk of occupational diseases , it might not be feasible for the financial status of a company if such measures were to incur huge sums of money .
Therefore , individuals should still hold the right and freedom to have the final say because of possible employment discrimination as they have no legal protection .
In conclusion , individuals should have the final say in revealing their own genetic testing results .
It is assumed that individuals should be responsible in sharing relevant information with their family members after counseling .
Also , individuals are susceptible to possible employment discrimination as currently they have no legal protection .
People undergo medical tests to determine if they have a certain type of inherited genes associated with an inherited disease and whether they are at risk of getting it ( A.M , 2009 ) .
However , there is an issue of whether these results should also be made known to relatives of the individuals .
On one hand , relatives of the individual should be given the right to know about it since it concerns them as well .
On the other hand , individuals have a desire to protect their relatives from troubling information . Telling their relatives may strain family relationships and also , it is an issue of confidentially .
Hence , if he are not mentally and emotionally prepared to disclose such information , he should be given the right not to telllling his relatives about it .
This helps them to make informed choices about their health and maybe seek treatment before the disease becomes worse .
Nonetheless , disclosure to family members may not respect their right not to know .
Hence , one might not feel secure to disclose he or she genetic testing results to his or her family members .
Hence , I disagree that a carrier of a known genetic risk should be obligated to tell his or her relatives .
Confirming or ruling out a suspected genetic condition or determine a person 's chance of developing or passing on a genetic disorder depends on the results of the genetic test .
Reproduction is encouraged between those presumed to have inheritable desirable traits while those who have genetic defects are discouraged to reproduce .
The individual has the privacy right to decide if he wants others to know of his genetic condition .
For example , if the individual feels that he will be strongly stigmatized and marginalized , or once his relatives know of his genetic condition , they will treat him differently or abandon him as he is " tarnished " by a deadly gene , he may not want his relatives to know of his genetic condition , for fear of information being circulated .
On the other hand , critics argue that by revealing results of the carrier of a known genetic risk to his relatives , this will benefit the relatives ' health and well-being greatly .
In this way , they can plan for their future , and couples who want to have children of their own may think twice ( Lee , 2005 ) .
By revealing results to relatives , those with children may feel a sense of guilt as they are worried that they could have passed the genetic disorder to their children .
The individual requesting genetic testing should not have the final say in whether or not to reveal the results of such testing
In recent years , genetic tests have grown in number , accuracy and availability .
Some people state that the individual requesting genetic testing should have the final say in whether or not to reveal the results of such testing .
But actually , they have spoken too highly of human rationality .
Here , I disagree with these people and want to assert that the individual should not have the right to reveal the result .
Once you receive some negative information about your genes as regards these kinds of incurable diseases , the only thing you can do is just wait to die .
So the individual requesting genetic testing should not have the final say in whether to reveal the results of such testing since it would cause serious psychological effect on people who do not want to know the results .
would be discrimination in the society .
This kind of discrimination mainly concerns unfairness on insurance coverage and employment .
For insurance companies , in order to avoid bankruptcy , they would reduce or just cancel their coverage on genetic problems .
For employment institutions , in order to keep high efficiencies in output , they would reject employees with genetic problems .
For instance , they might argue that people should have the right or the freedom to control their privacy such as over genetic testing results .
If there is a great probability that freedom does harm to society , it should definitely be banned .
But these people put too much belief on genetic technology .
Thirdly , people may also argue that , for a society to obtain optimal benefits , it has to reject people who have genetic problems .
But this will definitely raise serious moral problems in society , which would buffer the development of the society .
Genetic testing is a technology which screens and examines the genes of a person to check whether he has specific genetic disorders or diseases which common medical procedures are not able to detect .
This technology is one of modern technologies and has many effects on human life .
Genetic testing gives people information to know their health conditions but this testing raises ethical and psychological issues concerning whether an individual taking the genetic testing must reveal the result to third parties such as family , employers and friends because the result can be stressful .
However , I agree that one must not disclose the result because it not only concerns the individual 's life but also his family .
First , the result affects the future of one family as the genetic disorder can be inherited by the next generation and in the event that some members of the family have this genetic disorder too .
After knowing the result , a couple should find ways to treat the disease before they give birth to a child because the child has a big possibility to have the gene which is dangerous for his or her future ( Otto 2007 ) .
Parents can initially prepare the right treatment and provide proper diets for their infants .
Moreover , some of these genetic diseases are contagious and these endanger the whole family and the people around the one who has the disease .
In a worse case , if some members of a family have these genetic diseases , they should find solutions or treatments to cure them or at least prevent the disease from spreading .
These cases prove that one should reveal the result to his or her family .
Second , the reason someone should not disclose his testing result concerns the psychological impact on the person and his family ( Anonymous 1993 ) .
Even though some say that by revealing the result , one 's family will also get depressed and this will affect the whole family ,
nevertheless , if one keeps it to himself for a long time , he will get more and more depressed which will then ruin his life .
In addition , his family will finally find out about the disease when it causes his health to become worse and this will make the family feel regret because if it has known it earlier , it could have found treatment for him .
Third , the test result has a great effect on one 's career life and one is obliged to tell the employer about the result .
By knowing that a worker has genetic disorder , the employer may provide the worker another job which has less contact with other workers or which has the most suitable environment condition for the worker .
For example , a worker who has genetic disorder on his skin should not work in an area that has radiation .
Some argue that genetic elimination in choosing worker is discrimination because this is an action of limiting one 's right to work ( Andre and Velasquez 2009 ) .
However , genetic testing is to ensure the safety of all workers .
The worker who has a genetic disease may not be hired but this is for the life of people around him .
In conclusion , one who has genetic disorder or disease is obliged to reveal his genetic testing results because by revealing them , there are several benefits for him , his family and people around him .
He and his can find ways to cure the disease . Similarly , a couple can prepare treatment for their child , one can have a right job to do , and he can prevent the disease to cause danger to people around him .
By being able to make decisions to undergo genetic testing , individuals here refer to mature and thinking people .
Family medical history , onset of symptoms and an increasing number of people in the community confirmed to have it , are the reasons that lead to an individual being deemed at risk .
Being aware of the likelihood of having such disorder , more people will seek for confirmation through testing as well .
Thus , when a carrier of a known genetic risk discloses the results to his or her relatives , more people will be able to take precautionary measures if tested positive .
Although many believe that admitting to a disorder will give rise to discrimination and strained relationship , they failfail to consider that relatives appreciate the trust .
Again , disorders of such type puts lives at stake and therefore carriers should be obligated to convey the results of the genetic test to their relatives .
The classic example of this kind of disorder is sickle-cell anaemia .
Their genes mutate to adapt to the environment better .
It was thought that such disorder is a response by the body to adapt to the environment because the carrier will be immune to malaria .
We should be responsible and with these values and beliefs , there is no dilemma because being subjected to to discrimination and other social problems is insignificant when compared to matters of life and death and health of the general public .
Genetic testing is carried out mainly for diagnosis confirmation , prediction of heritable-disorder diseases and identification of carrier carrier of disorder without physical symptom ( National Human Genome Institute , 2008 ) .
Sharing of test positive results with relatives is necessary as it is the relatives ' right to know about it .
It also alerts them to early detection and treatment .
Indirectly , it could help in medical research development and make treatment for currently untreatable diseases possible .
They have the right to know about it .
Moreover , best clinical practice requires family history to assess the usefulness of genetic testing ( Parker and Lucassen , n.d. ) .
Hence , there is no reason why one could benefit from family history but omit relatives ' rights to have such benefits as well .
Genetic discrimination by health insurers and employers could be one of the main hindrances that stop people from sharing their genetic information with blood relatives ( National Human Genome Institute , 2008 ) .
This would be protected once President Bush signed the Genetic Information Nondiscrimination Act of 2008 ( The White House , 2008 ) .
Besides that , some types of cancer such as breast and ovarian cancer seem to run in the family mainly due to an inherited altered gene ( National Cancer Institute , n.d. ) Examples of such genes could be BRCA1 and BRCA2 ( Breast Cancer Gene 1 and Breast Cancer Gene 2 ) which could pass down from father or mother .
Revealing of positive test results to relatives allows them to go for early detection and treatment which can possibly save lives .
Limitations of genetic testing could be the lack of treatment strategies for certain disorders once diagnosed
It may be argued that since there is no treatment , there is no point of revealing to relatives even though it shows positive result .
But , a genetic test that identifies a carrier of a certain disease could help couples to decide whether they would like to bear children and weigh the risk of passing down an altered gene
( Barett ) .
Lastly , revealing positive test results might increase the number of people going for genetic testing .
This indirectly increases the possibility of people giving consent to take part in research for genetic related diseases .
With such , improved or new treatment is possible for genetic related diseases and could possibly benefit the carrier or even his or her family members .
In conclusion , revealing genetic information to the relatives does not seem to be of great disadvantage to an individual but could be of great advantage to blood relatives .
Besides the right to know , most important is the possibility of early detection and treatment for blood relatives .
Therefore , a carrier of a known genetic risk is obligated to tell his or her relatives .
( { http : //ghr.nlm.nih.gov/handbook/testing/genetictesting } [ HYPERLINK : http : //ghr.nlm.nih.gov/handbook/testing/genetictesting ] ) This undoubtedly contributes to the prevention of treatable diseases .
Firstly , the patients are obligated to tell their relatives about the result as it will invariably affect them to some extent .
For example , if the result shows that the patient is a carrier of a genetic disease , there is a great possibility that the family members also have the same disease .
Permanent and irreversible damages can be prevented if treatment or therapy is initiated in the early stage of the disease
( http : //www.ndsu.nodak.edu/instruct/m cclean/plsc431/students98/saha.htm ) . Patients would sometimes choose not to reveal the result to avoid discrimination among family members .
However , saving family members ' lives is more important than self-esteem .
Secondly , patients are responsible to tell their relatives especially family members about the outcome of a genetic test so that they can have early financial and psychological preparations .
Family members have to plan their budget earlier so that they can afford treatment fee .
Besides that , it is also important for relatives to have psychological preparation earlier so that they can handle their stresses during the period of treatment
( http : //www3.inter { science.wiley.com/journal/112684945/abstract ? CRETRY = 1&SRETRY = 0 } [ HYPERLINK : http : //www3.interscience.wiley.com/journal/112684945/abstract ? CRETRY = 1&SRETRY = 0 ] ) . Patients refuse to disclose results as they think they can prevent their relatives from sadness .
It is true that relatives are often in deep grief when knowing one of their relatives is suffering from an illness .
However , early notification can let them have enough time to have psychological preparation so that they would not feel so unprepared or unready when the patients ' condition worsens .
In conclusion , patients should be obligated to inform their relatives about genetic testing results to enable the latter to receive early treatment and have early financial and psychological preparation .
Genetic testing , by definition , may be done for various reasons , including the diagnosis of a genetic disease in an individual , the identification of future disease risks to individual unborn children or the prediction of drug responses ( MedicineNet , 2002 ) .
In general , if at risk relatives can anticipate the disease , measures may be taken to prevent it .
Moreover , having learnt about a personal genetic risk , some theorists , for example , Wilson ( 2000 ) , Baker , Schuette and Uhlmann ( 1998 ) , believe that the approach to deal with results of genetic testing involves not only medical , surgical and educational intervention , but also provision of social and emotional support ; hence , a carrier of known genetic risk should tell his or her close relatives about it .
In addition , the opinion of World Health Organization ( 2009 ) is that choosing not to inform is a well-intentioned decision which does not to add extra problems and undue distress to others .
However , these arguments put forth in support of not informing the relatives are faulty .
As Torgny and Wilcke state , information can allow a relative who has considerably increased risk of a disease from smoking to make her own decisions about smoking and take precautions when deciding on a career which is needful to have a positive impact on her future .
Potential individuals who are at risk of developing a genetic disorder or disease normally undergo genetic testing .
The revelation of genetically tested patients ' results may lead to discrimination by the society ( Mehlman , 1999 ) .
However , there are laws that protect genetically patients from genetic discrimination by the society ( Bombard , 2007 ) .
Besides that , relatives of genetically tested patients should know about their genetic testing results so that a proper family planning can be made ( Anonymous , 1999 ) .
This is because no one has the rights to give his or her consent regarding the decision on whether to undergo the prenatal examinations or not ( Anonymous , 1999 ) .
This concern has brought about the inauguration of genetic testing as a medical test to determine if a particular disease is caused by the abnormality .
An issue raised here is that one 's decision to reveal the test results to one 's relatives may bring about even more concerns .
Nevertheless , revealing the test results benefits more people than hiding them .
For relatives who are planning to have children , they must either be financially prepared for ART as well as for the future medical bills , or choose not to have children .
This will be further lowered by opponents who are against the revelation of genetic results due to intrusion of privacy .
However , it may not occur to them that the revelation of results could increase the chances of medical researchers finding a remedy to the disorders .
Therefore , only when one tells a known genetic risk to one 's relatives , would there be a chance for medical researchers to find a cure for it , eventually saving many lives from genetic disorders .
This rule helps to keep an individual 's medical information confidential .
Hence , a carrier can have a peace of mind revealing genetic test results to one 's relatives .
Genetic testing has developed well and it is getting popular nowadays all around the world .
Genetic testing is actually the genetic diagnosis of inheritable diseases which are caused by an abnormality in an individual 's genome .
For instance Huntington 's disease is caused by X- linked disorder , Cystic fibrosis is caused by autosomal recessive disorder and some common diseases such as coronary heart disease and diabetes are caused by polygenic mutation ( Holland,S , 2003 ) .
In addition , this testing can also be used to determine a child 's biological father or a person 's ancestry .
Examples of genetic tests are newborn screening , diagnostic testing , carrier testing , and prenatal testing .
Firstly , it is important to reveal the result if a couple is planning to get married and one of them has certain inheritable diseases .
Even though some are healthy carriers and not affected by the diseases fully because of the single copy of the dominant genotype , they have 50 % chance of passing the recessive gene to their younger generation .
If a person did not disclose the result , a child with genetic disabilities may be born , leading to problems in the family .
Here the family relation will be affected and who is going to take the responsibility of taking care of the poor child ?
Hence , it is advisable to disclose the genetic testing result in order to prevent risks of diseases to the future generation .
The second case is where a couple finding out their genetic condition after their marriage .
It will lead to mental trauma and extreme depression if they hide the genetic testing result from their respective spouse .
Every day he has to face his spouse with a guilty face and suffer in silence .
When the spouse gets to know about his health condition , it will be too late and will end the relationship since sincerity is a big question .
In some extreme cases , if the child is born , it will be a burden for them to take care of him .
Proponents of this claim argue that , disclosure of such results will destroy the dream of having a family of their own .
However , it is not ethical to pass on their defective genes to their offspring in order to fulfill the dream of having a family of their own .
If someone offers to take care of the child , will they do it sincerely ?
They should tell about their health condition to prevent their future offspring from having defective genes .
Since this genetic testing begins with an affected family member , it provides the best opportunity to identify relatives who may be at risk for a life- threatening condition .
Thus they will undergo testing and treatment for that specific disease as soon as possible .
Critics of this position may argue that disclosure brings with it the potential loss of privacy .
Is privacy more important than the health condition and welfare of your spouse and children ?
It is so obvious that , they did not realize that the health condition of the beloved family members is far more important than the intrusion of privacy .
Hence , the carrier of genetic disease must be obligated to tell the genetic testing result since the welfare of family members can be improved .
If an individual fails to do so , family relation may come to an end and family members may undergo mental trauma and depression .
The procedure is called genetic testing .
The issue is that after an individual undergoes genetic testing and unfortunately finds out that there are problems within him or herself , is the individual obligated to tell his or her family members ?
With the information that the individual acquires through genetic testing , he or she can share with the family members so that they can tackle the problems head on .
This is a good move as the family now can prepare themselves to undergo the same genetic testing to know the possibility of them carrying the same mutated or defective genes as the carrier .
The genetic testing is just a means to know whether someone has the disease but it does not mean they will acquire the disease a hundred percent ( Goh , L. , M. , D. , 2005 ) .
This only serves as a predictive means .
On the other hand , the other family members can also know what the other underlying problems are that they may encounter in the future as the genetic testing will not only detect the carrier 's risk genes but also other problems that he or she may have in the future .
All such information will help the family members to prepare and face the potential problems in the future .
If the carrier has a possibility of having heart disease , the rest of the family members may take steps to counteract that predictive disease ( Genetic Research and Genetic Testing , 2005 ) .
However the risk genes carrier may argue that to tell the information to his or her family member is a violation of his or her autonomy .
This information may cause hysteric reaction in the community .
Other than that the risk genes carriers may be discriminated against ( Ostrom , M. , C. , 1997 ) .
With these concerns in mind , the individual may not agree to tell the family members the genetic testing results .
Without telling the family members , the individual might be suffering in silence and no support will be given by the family members .
Therefore revealing the results to the family members is act of beneficence as the risk gene carrier is doing good in informing the family of the possible medical problems that they may face .
In conclusion , it is very important for the risk genes carrier to inform the family members as he or she may help the family members to avoid some avoidable medical problems if only he or she inform them .
Therefore the risk gene carrier should be obliged to tell the family members if he or she has a genetic risk .
As science and technology progress , we can now detect the presence of any genetic disorder in an individual through genetic testing .
However , one biggest problem that arises is whether the individual , who has undergone the genetic test , be obligated to inform his family members/relatives of the results .
The feelings of guilt and anxiety that arise from can be minimized by going for counseling .
In this example , a pregnant relative seeking genetic counseling and his geneticist requires information about the individual in order to give her the most accurate information whether her new-born will have any risk of genetic disorder .
If the individual declines her request as he wants the information about his genetic status to be confidential , her new-born could be in a high risk of getting the genetic disorder ( Elizabeth A .
Secondly , acquisition of genetic information of a carrier by his/her relatives can help reduce the possibility of getting the disease .
For example , if the genetic disorder is colon cancer , they can seek medical advice and treatment while it is at an early stage .
In addition , his relatives will understand better by going for counseling that everyone carries gene mutations that can lead to diseases , and no one has control over what they pass on to their children ( Elizabeth A .
If the genetic test result shows that the genetic disorder is not present in them , it can give them a sense of relief .
It is ethically right for the individual to inform his relatives , and the relatives after knowing that they may have the genetic disorder can seek out medical assistances to reduce the occurrence/severity of the disease .
A defective genes carrier can only determine whether he or she have a genetic disease by running a genetic test .
If a genetic disease runs in the family , a genetic disease carrier 's family members and relatives will have a high chance of developing the same inherited disease .
Such tragic incident would re-occur if a carrier of a known genetic risk were to hide his or her condition from his or her family members and relatives .
( Henderson , 2009 ) If a carrier of a genetic risk were to hide his or her condition , the genetic disease would continue to run in the family line , passing down to future generations .
Proper financial plans could be made if a person were to know early if he or she has a genetic disease and avoid impending financial crisis if he or she is able to borrow money or apply for financial help earlier .
This is a case of ignorance which is not at all bliss .
A person who understands his role and responsibility as part of a family would not want to see his future generation or his immediate families to suffer from genetic diseases that could otherwise have been prevented if he had discussed his condition .
The reasons to inform outweigh the reasons not to ; hence , a carrier of a known genetic risk is obligated to tell his or her relatives .
As genetic testing becomes more and more popular , the moral issues around it have also been raised .
Genetic testing is the newest technology aimed to " test for genetic disorders " , with " direct examination of the DNA molecule " also included ( Human Genome Program , 2008 ) .
The wide spread of this technology has sparked an even wider range of heated discussion on who has the final say with regard to the testing result .
Since the individual who undergoes the testing is the direct victim from this examination and most related to the result , he or she should have the right to decide whether to reveal the result or not .
First of all , one 's private life is a main part of human rights .
As mentioned before , the individual undergoing the genetic test is one who is most directly affected by this genetic testing , so he or she should decide whether to tell anyone else .
Secondly , the result might be misused against the individual if the choice is left to other parties .
Once the information that an otherwise normal employee is likely to be diagnosed with some rare gene-related diseases , the employer might be reluctant to keep him or her because the employer knows that the duration of the employee 's commitment may be disturbed by sudden illnesses .
Hence the individual who takes the genetic test should be the one to decide how to deal with the result .
Opponents may argue that the individual 's family also have their human rights , that is , the rights to know the result of the genetic test .
The issue in question now is not whether the individual has the final say but rather whether the individual can hide the truth from others .
The cases of hiding the result because of selfishness can be decreased by improving the education of moral values .
If the decision is left to others , the chance of perfect equality is also questionable .
What is more , people may be reluctant to undergo testing if they can not decide on their own .
To conclude , the individual requesting genetic testing should have the final say in whether to tell the result or not .
Having the same parents can mean that certain disease can run within the family and they are morally obligated to warn their relatives of the possible hazards that may trigger disease , for example , to prevent relatives from eating fava beans when one is detected to have G6PD deficiency .
Secondly , informing relatives of their genetic results will enable better care of him- or herself .
Usually , when a disease manifests itself , it requires many preliminary tests , and the turnaround time ( TAT ) , from doctor 's request , to laboratory test , to reporting of results may take more than a day . That is only to rule out certain illnesses .
After these preliminary tests , the doctor would order more specific tests to narrow down to the specific cause , and this may take a few days in specialist clinics .
However , the knowledge of the possibility of a genetic disease enables the medical physician to narrow down to specific testing and get the correct diagnosis earlier .
However , some argue that genetic testing can potentially unravel family secrets , namely adoptions and illegitimate child ( Doukas & Berg , 2001 ) .
But such issues can be solved since we can select tests to find out potential diseases , instead of paternity testing .
However , genetic testing result may not only concern the tested individual himself or herself but also their family members as they share the same genetic make-up and are equally at risk of contracting a certain disease ( Genetic testing helps cancer survivors fight for their loved ones , 2007 ) .
Firstly , individual who have undergone genetic testing , should be obligated to inform his or her relatives of the genetic testing result as they may also be equally at risk .
Such early treatment will greatly increase the prospects of recovery as it will prevent the disease from developing further and causing more complications .
However , bottling up their feelings will only aggravate their problem as it will have an adverse psychological effect on them .
On top of that , they may lighten the burden on their shoulder .
It is undeniable that an individual has the final say as to whether to reveal his or her genetic test result .
Thus , a carrier of a known genetic risk should be obligated to tell his or her relatives .
The new millennium brought about promising medical advancements that have had positive impacts on human 's lives .
This is coherent to a study done by Georgetown university medical center on mothers who shared their cancer genetic test results with children .
Thus an individual of known genetic risk should be obligated to reveal test results to relatives because it brings awareness concerning the risk of inheriting the disease to the foreground , not only to the person tested , but for his or her relatives as well .
This is a biased claim because it failed to consider at-risk relatives ' rights to know about the test results .
When individuals choose not to reveal the results , it is mainly because of the following reasons : the fear of discrimination , fear of being a burden to the family or not wanting to worry their families .
This is selfish thinking and is an illogical way of avoiding the problem .
In conclusion , individuals should be obligated to reveal such information to their relatives because it is a personal responsibility , and can lead to their well-being .
It can be argued that the carrier might be causing unnecessary worry to his or her relatives as the accuracy of genetic test results varies and also dependent on various factors ( Goh , 2003 ) .
When an individual is tested positive as a carrier of a particular known genetic risk , such as 1 antitrypsin deficiency- where an insignificant adjustment in the style of living can prevent one from an " early death " ( Wilcke 1998 ) , or Huntington 's disease-where there is no approach to change the consequences of the result ( Wilcke 1998 ) , he or she will be in dilemma dilemma- should he or she be obliged to inform his or her family members ?
In conclusion , a carrier of a known genetic risk should be obligated to tell his or her relatives as it not only allows them to escape from early death through changes in their lifestyles but also contributes to the safety of third parties .
The support given will be a great push for the patient to look forward and face the reality bravely .
Conversely , if the patient has not toldhe family members the result of the genetic test , the patient will be definitely in lost and irrational in making decision .
Hence , the relatives can make a rational decision for the patient and this probably what the patient needs the most .
However , critics may say that it is not necessary to inform his spouse about his condition as sometimes the baby will not inherit the disease and even if the baby does inherit the disorder , abortion can still be done while the foetus is still inside the mother 's womb .
However , this is not an ethical thing to do and it is to terminate a life .
It will be much better if they have discuss and plan earlier and thus a desperate measure such as abortion need not be made .
A person will usually feel depressed and even suffer emotional breakdown when he knows that he suffers from a certain disease what more if it is a disease inherited from his parents , thus when his family knows about his condition , they can persuade , pay more attention to him and even encourage him to go for treatment and not to give up .
However , there have also been some suggestions that the carrier of a certain genetic disease who knows it through genetic testing should not be obligated to tell his family members as he will be discriminated and sometimes even be treated as an outcast in his family .
However , if individuals are allowed to have the final say in revealing the results of such testing , although it has many benefits , its disadvantages still outweigh these advantages overwhelmingly .
Hence , people should not have the final say on whether to reveal the result of genetic tests .
Besides , if a baby is diagnosed withome genetic problems , some parents may abandon their child due to the endless treatments and high-priced medical cost instead of hoping to cure their child and trying their best .
Moreover , even if people know their results of genetic testing , usually they are able to do very little .
What can be done is only detecting whether there are any genetic problems .
While the genetic testing can assist people in predicting and ruling out some genetic disorders and problems which are hard to be find in daily life , it will still bring about some problems to human beings to some extent .
The child can take precautions with his/her diet and exercise regularly to reduce the risk of having high blood pressure .
On the other hand , some may question the accuracy of genetic testing , and the unnecessary worries it might bring to an individual .
When this cycle carries on , it will create a social problems as the disease has now been spread into the society .
Surveillance technology such as RFID technology is used for the purpose of monitoring changes , behaviors and activities and keeping track of mainly humans and sometimes , animals .
Thus , it is not something uncommon in our society as it has been incorporated into many applications of our daily lives such as tracking people and animals .
This has resulted in the emergence of privacy and ethical issues within our society .
However , it has been known that RFID technology brings benefits to various aspects of our lives such as helping in solving problems that we may encounter while handling different tasks and even correcting human errors .
One of the vital advantages of the use of RFID technology is that it can boost the security level effectively in a few areas ( Ramdasi , 2009 ) .
Once an RFID tagged item is brought out , it will trigger the alarm and security guards will be alerted upon hearing the alarm .
this decreases the chances of theft .
This increases the security level and efficacy of the surveillance system in a particular area that incorporates the RFID technology .
If any patient experiences any difficulties such as breathlessness , nurses will be able to track the patient and immediately attend to him or her .
Since RFID automates such procedures that protect patients from danger , it reduces the amount of personal contact between patients and nurses ( Rapid Adoption of RFID in Healthcare , 2006 ) .
Thus , reports can be accessed by the healthcare professionals such as the doctors and nurses without a hassle .
One of the arguments that has been brought up is the difficulty in reading the information provided by the RFID tags incorporated in liquids and metal products ( Pandey , 2009 ) .
These substances may reflect the radio waves which makes the information hard to read .
The RFID tags also have to be placed in proper positions , taking into account their angles and alignment in order to obtain a proper reading .
Active RFID tags , which are tags that use batteries to increase the range of frequency of a system , can be used to solve this problem .
RFID technology provides better security than other surveillance gadgets such as CCTV and reduces thefts in our society .
It is capable of transmitting much stored digital information to receivers via radio waves and has many applications in terms of consumers ' products ( Cormode 2006 ) .
However , privacy issues arise when the same technology is used for tracking humans ( Cormode 2006 ) .
When RFID and other surveillance technologies are used to track children 's movement , we are not only invading the children 's privacy but also undermining their dignity ( Anonymous 2005 ) .
With such detrimental effects on health and on human rights in terms of privacy , usage of surveillance technology such as RFID to track people should be banned .
" With RFID , private information of the individual other than his location can be picked up by anyone with a radio receiver and the individual tagged by the RFID will not know who is taking the information and what private information is being stolen ( Cormode 2006 ) .
The information may be misused for consumer profiling by the company collecting all this personal information ( Cormode 2006 ) .
Advocates of RFID argue that the technology will prevent terrorists from entering the nation by reducing forgery of passports ( US Department of Homeland Security ) .
However , the United Sates Department of Homeland Security ( DHS ) has reported that the ability of RFID to counter forgery comes from its use of encrypted digital data storage and not from its radio transmission capability .
The DHS has also added that other forms of digital data storage technology such as contact chips can provide the same function against passport forgery while preventing invasion of human privacy .
Thus , RFID should not be used to track people since it infringes on human privacy .
Secondly , an article on Electronic Privacy Information Center ( Anonymous 2005 ) highlighted that using RFID to track children 's movements and locations not only invades their privacy but can also be very detrimental to their dignity .
this comparison shows that the dignity of children is being affected by the usage of RFID to track them .
Opponents to this position argue that RFID can be used to locate a child 's location in the event of a kidnap ( Lane 2003 ) .
On top of that , Lane ( 2003 ) also points out that these surveillance technologies may give the children and parents a false sense of security .
Hence , RFID should not be used for the tracking of children .
Lastly , usage of RFID implants to track patients and to store medical information of cognitively declined individuals has been linked to an increased risk of developing skin cancer in areas near the implant ( Gutierrez 2008 ) .
Although the RFID implant aids in getting medical information from these individuals with lower intellect , the increased risk of cancer greatly outweighs this benefit .
In conclusion , usage of RFID or other surveillance technologies to track people not only infringes on human rights of privacy and undermines the dignity of our children , it also poses a serious health issue in the case of RFID implants .
As such , RFID or other surveillance technologies to track people should be banned .
With the maturity of surveillance technology , a myriad of surveillance technologies is now widely utilized for administration , security purpose and public welfare .
However , individuals would of course feel very uncomfortable when noticing a surveillance camera on an ATM machine or even in the workplace .
Surveillance technology mainly involves the invention and application of informative , accurate and reliable modern equipment monitoring the behaviours , activities , or other , usually in a clandestine manner .
However , surveillance equipment has become common and developed into various types .
The most common and widespread form of surveillance is on the Internet , the presumed free space .
( Daffier , Whitfield , 2008 ) ) For instance , the intelligence offices , the NSA and the FBI in the US all have unauthorised access to all the data and traffic on the Internet .
The tapping of telephone lines by government organisations for monitoring citizens and collecting miscellaneous information is also widespread in almost every country .
Another common surveillance system is that of the surveillance cameras hidden in public areas such as streets , hotels , hospitals , shopping malls , banks and so on for administrative purposes or financial security .
RFID tapping is the use of small devices implanted in human bodies or products to identify and locate them , which is already applied in some companies to monitor their workers on the job .
Some warn that such mass surveillance is the step towards the totalitarian world described in Jorge Orwell 's 1984.They fear the fictional Orwellian may even become true , which will be a disaster for human beings .
Some are just annoyed by this blatant way the governments work which they equal to that of treating citizens like prisoners .
Numerous civil rights groups and privacy groups oppose and regard mass surveillance as a severe violation of the right to privacy and freedom .
However , supporters believe that surveillance systems are indispensible in identifying and capturing terrorists and criminals , which is for public welfare .Mass surveillance is also effective for administrative purposes .
They argue that in today 's context , terrorists can make use of computer software to access others ' information , there is no reason why governments cannots do so on behalf of the whole country .
They also point out that governments would not abuse the information on their hands since they are also monitored by the people .Additionally , surveillance creates in everyone a feeling of being watched , so one becomes self-policing , which can decrease crime rates and save administrative expenditure ( Foucault , 1979 ) .
Realistically , in my view , the usage of surveillance is necessary in some areas and has its value benefiting the whole society and therefore can not be totally banned .
There are always some ready to behave undesirably in any conditions everywhere .
We are compelled to sacrifice some to counter them ; otherwise we lose out more .
The true meaning of freedom is that with the sacrifice of some freedom , one can enjoy much more freedom .Obviously ; the whole society can not function properly if everyone insists on nothing but his own interest .
Nowadays criminals and terrorists are equipped with high-tech equipment , so we have to take some appropriate actions to protect ourselves against them ; surveillance is one such action .
However , it should also be regulated and limited .
The details of its implementation should all be made clear :
which area , which type , to what extent the surveillance equipment can be used , which organizations have the right to use it , who can monitor them , and so on .
For instance , in some places such as restaurants and shopping malls , surveillance should be prohibited since it can be replaced by other technology and it is that effective to make it worthwhile to violate individuals ' freedom .
Technology always evolves , despite whatever human interference , in the sense that every previous attempt of halting the development of technology in history has proved futile .
Thus , we should exploit technology to the fullest for the welfare of the whole community .
Surveillance technology usage should not be simply banned because of its flaws , but it should be regulated and optimized to serve us better in today 's context .
This has brought about many debates on the ethical and moral issues surrounding the use of the technology ( Anonymous , 2005 ) .
While proponents of RFID suggest that the use of RFID brings benefits such as convenience and protection to patients and children , others view it as a form of security threat and intrusion of privacy ( Data Privacy & Integrity Advisory Committee , 2006 ) .
Their whereabouts and activities can be constantly monitored and such information shared .
It can be argued that the use of RFID tags to check on patients with Alzheimer conditions and children may be a form of protection .
For instance , in 2006 , Verichip , the manufacturer of RFID chips for humans attempted to chip 200 Alzheimer patients from Chattanooga , Tennessee to test the effectiveness of the product ( Antichip.com , n.d ) .
However , this raised a series of heated debates as it is not ethical to chip cognitively impaired individuals who are unable to give informed consent for the experiment ( Antichip.com , n.d ) .
RFID tags can be incorporated into one 's belongings such as passports and identification cards to track and identify people .
Supporters of RFID may argue that encryption can be used to limit the access of information to unauthorized people ( Data Privacy & Integrity Advisory Committee , 2006 ) .
Furthermore , it can be argued that RFID technology can reduce delays at checkpoints and entrances which in turn would improve efficiency and speed ( Data Privacy & Integrity Advisory Committee , 2006 ) .
Nevertheless , experiments by security research firm Riscure have shown that the encrypted passport can be intercepted and excessive information can be revealed to an unauthorized person , which may promote identity theft ( Hasbrouck , 2006 ) .
Therefore , RFID should be banned as the technology is flawed .
Lastly , implanting RFID chips in humans can be a potential health risk .
A series of studies showed that chip implants induced malignant tumors in some lab mice and rats ( Lewan , 2007 ) .
This shows that implanting chips in humans may cause cancer .
However , leading cancer specialists that animal test results do not necessarily apply to humans ( Lewan , 2007 ) .
Moreover , Verichip Corp insists that the chips are safe and has been implanted in millions of domestic pets without major problems ( Lewan , 2007 ) .
Nevertheless , implanting RFID in the human body should be banned detrimental health effects on individuals .
In conclusion , the use of RFID to track people should be banned as it can be a security threat and it intrudes on the privacy of people .
Implanting RFID chips into humans may also result in cancer .
Surveillance technology systems are mechanisms which can identify , monitor and track movements and data .
Research laboratories envision tools that can identify and track just about every person anywhere -- and sound the alarm when the systems encounter hazardous objects or chemical compounds .
Together these developments herald a high-tech surveillance society that is beyond previous generations ' imagination-- one in which virtually every advance brings benefits as well as intrusions .
However , since the benefits reaped from surveillance technology outweigh the inconvenience it results in , surveillance technology should indeed be used to track people .
The most common type of surveillance technology is the security camera .
Take , for instance , the pinhole cameras in most bank machines .
These devices play a part in deterring potential criminals from carrying out their nefarious activities knowing that their images are caught on tape and may be used for arrest and prosecution .
In addition , this technology also complements the work of security personnel and thus provides added protection against furtive terrorist attacks .
Furthermore , surveillance technology helps to combat threats .
This has been proven through the introduction of the newly-developed Infrared Fever Screening System ( IFSS ) which was a useful contribution in national efforts against SARS .
Some may argue that surveillance technology should not be used to track people as it may have substantial implications on privacy .
Privacy refers to the interest that individuals have in sustaining a personal space free from interference by other people and organizations .
However , the concept of this right is a problematic way to define privacy as it is very easy to get confused between legal rights on one hand and natural or moral rights on the other .
One will have to give up the right to absolute privacy to reap the benefits of the right to feel safe and secure .
In addition , having absolute privacy is just an ideal .
The practice of surveillance technology is necessary for the benefit of the majority as it has been adopted to improve our quality of life .
It will be denying more people their rights if surveillance is not practiced .
Furthermore , scientists around the world have intensified efforts to perfect the art of surveillance , hoping to catch villains before they strike .
This will assure the public that it is worth it to allow the technology to invade their privacy .
In conclusion , although each uptick in protection will typically come at the cost of more intrusion into the privacy of ordinary people , the development of surveillance technology has come up with the best possible inventions to assure that this trade-off will be worth it .
Rather than not doing anything to deal with the problems we have , the implementation of such technologies should be allowed for the benefit of the majority .
There are a number of technologies by which the location of all kinds of material can be tracked .
However , disputes arise when the issue comes to tracking of human beings .
First and foremost , privacy comes into our mind when we mention being tracked all the time .
No one would like to have a pair of eyes watching them anytime or anywhere , leaving them an uncomfortable feeling .
The Universal Declaration of Human Rights ( UDHR ) has clearly stated that all human beings are born free and are equal in dignity and rights .
Everyone should have their own right to move about freely without being monitored .
Secondly , the importance of using surveillance technology to track people is doubtful .
Some may argue that these technologies can keep people from danger by tracking their health status especially in some working places with high radioactive levels , or in tracking someone 's location in case he 's kidnapped .
However , workers can still have medical checks regularly to ensure they are healthy as health problems would n't come all of a sudden ; they usually accumulate over time .
Furthermore , for parents fearing the chance of their children being kidnapped , it 's unfortunate that through electromagnetic isolation , they would not be able to track their children even if their children were RFID tagged .
Moreover , these children may get hurt if the kidnappers decide to remove the tag or chip implanted under the children 's skin .
Someone who has the device and knows the way to encrypt the code can actually have access to the data .
It would be a dangerous situation if someone is tracked by a person who does n't have the authority to do so .
Even though a high security level can be developed , there will always be loopholes .
Thus , the best way to prevent the leakage of personal data is not to use it .
Last but not least , a report released by The American Medical Association [ HYPERLINK : http : //www.ama-assn.org/ ] ( AMA ) indicated that RFID devices may present physical risks to patients .
In conclusion , due to the infringement of privacy , the unimportance of using these technologies , the threat to confidential data and health , surveillance technology such as RFID ( radio-frequency identification ) should not be used to track people
The use of RFID at immigration borders and checkpoints enables a country to identify suspected terrorists and keep away unwelcomed immigrants who may pose a threat to the welfare of the country and her people .
( ) This will in turn help to improve and safeguard safety in the country and indirectly help in the economical aspect .
The use of RFID-based wristbands helps to keep track of the locations of Alzheimer and pediatric patients to make sure that they do not wander off from the hospital or enter any unauthorized areas .
{ ( Awang , 2008 ) } [ HYPERLINK : http : //www.intanbk.intan.my/psimr/vol2.2/Article % 205 % 20- % 20Nor % 20Hazilawati.pdf ] It is essential for hospitals to have such devices to track down patients to prevent the occurrence of unwanted incidents .
Such usage of surveillance technology to track people is necessary , and hence should not be denied of usage .
Even though it may not be an ideal and effective way to curb criminal offenses , it can on the other hand allow authorities to work more efficiently when an incident occurs .
The use of surveillance technology to track people , under such circumstances , has once again proved to be useful and thus should not be stopped from using it .
The workers claimed that it is a way of bereaving them from human rights when their movements are being watched around the clock .
Christian critics even claimed that such acts will lead to apocalypse as stated in the bible
( Lewan , 2007 . However , such arguments regarding religious issues and human rights are unpractical because there is no substantial evidence to prove that implantation of microchips is going to lead to the end of the world , and the argument of violation of human rights is made weak with the definition of human rights being ambiguous .
The concern is whether interests of the company should override the right of human beings .
The open-street camera surveillance that has been used widely by many countries in the current society is likely to result in an unhealthy psychological impact on the citizens of the country .
Knowing that every movement is being watched over , one may feel stress and uneasy , and this will in turn affects his behavior .
{ ( Butarelli , 2009 ) } [ HYPERLINK : http : //www.edps.europa.eu/EDPSWEB/webdav/shared/Documents/EDPS/Publications/Speeches/2009/09-06-19_Vienna_surveillance_EN.pdf ] Societal surveillance may also give rise to " mistrust between citizens and citizens and the state .
RFID technology should be banned as this form of surveillance technology is still not considered totally safe for consumers .
As RFID tags are rewritable and are not securely locked , there exists a potential for pranksters to change the data on the tags with false information ( Syed & Mohammad , 2008 ) .
Each RFID reader is worth at least a thousand dollars ( Syed & Mohammad , 2008 ) .
In addition , each RFID tag is rather expensive hence it is not practical to be used in large quantities to identify both people and products ( Syed & Mohammad , 2008 ) .
Due to its impracticality , RFID technology should not be used to track people .
Surveillance technology such as RFID which is radio frequency identification has been a popular debated issue
RFID tags can be inserted into the wristbands which can be worn by the parolees or the prisoners and can not be removed .
During the , there will be cases that the parolees will escape and flee to the bent so that the law enforcers can not find them .
Undeniably , surveillance technology to track people will lead to loss of privacy .
However , protecting the privacy in this situation is not more important than letting the offenders violate the laws and threaten our lives .
For instance , RFID tags in bracelets are worn by patients who need exceptional care to make available to the patients ' information as well as to know their positions ( , 2009 ) .
CCTV can be installed in hospitals to avoid the patients being harmed or attacked by unauthorized persons who are hanging around the area in hospitals by monitoring them ( , 2009 ) .
Opponents may argue that the health data of patients is confidential .
In addition , there is another advantage of surveillance technology in protecting and tracking the children 's movements .
RFID tags are sewn into children 's attires or set in their wristband to track their positions and activities ( Gautam , 2006 ) .
Although most of the children today have mobile phones , it is also possible that their mobile phones are lost or they have difficulties to pick up their phones in cases such as kidnaps. .
If the children are kidnapped , with the surveillance technology of RFID , the parents can track their locations .
If the children try to play truant or are involved in unhealthy activities , the parents can supervise them as well .
In conclusion , the advantages of using surveillance technology far outweigh its disadvantages .
Some have claimed that the application of surveillance technology is advantageous in the safeguard of credentials , protection of national security and in the help of speed border crossings ( Lewan , 2009 ) .
Among these issues , two will be discussed here . Both support the fact that surveillance technology creates risk to privacy that far outweighs the technology 's heralded . Thus the usage of such technology in tracking people should be banned .
Firstly , surveillance technology may threaten personal security by enabling identity thieves , stalkers and other criminals to commit " contactless " crimes against victims who wo n't immediately know that their rights have been violated ( , 2009 ) .
Recently , Americans were told to use Radio- Frequency Identification or RFID-embedded identity documents when they are travelling between countries such as the United States , Canada , Mexico , Bermuda and the Carribean ( Lewan , 2009 ) .
" Tracking devices such as online behavioural tracking systems can be used to target vulnerable consumers for high-price loans , bogus health cures and other potentially harmful products and services , " said Susan Grant , director of Consumer Protection at Consumer Federation of America ( ) .
Nowadays electronic information from consumers is " collected , compiled and sold " ( ) without reasonable safeguards and therefore poses a threat to the exposure of private matters of consumers that may lead to abuse of such information for unethical benefits or intentions .
This measure is to be seen as an effort to protect the children in case of child murder or kidnapping ( Gargano et al. , 1997 ) .
As a result , this is how teens ' privacy and growth are affected negatively when parents apply tracking devices on them .
Julie Petersen , author of Understanding of Surveillance Technologies ( ) , stated this comment in her book , " Researching this book has given me concerns that we may be moving into a not-too-distant future in which newborn infants are implanted with radio tracking devices , without their knowledge or consent , to 'ensure their safety ' from wandering or kidnapping .
In conclusion , the use of surveillance technology for the purpose of tracking people should be banned as it has not only received negative response from the public community because of its potential threat to personal security , it may also intrude one 's privacy and may jeopardize one 's personal healthcare and social well-being .
On the one hand , some tracking are conducted without people 's awareness and permission .
Thus , besides the real tracking conductors , criminals can also take advantage of RFID to achieve their criminal intent .
In short , since the abuse of RFID to track people leads to the invasion of human privacy . Its use should be banned .
Research has shown that implantable RFID chips causes cancer in animals and they may also cause cancer in humans .
In addition , research also showed that the caused by surgical implantation of a foreign object can increase the instance of tumor development ( , 2007 ) .
Concerning these health issues , it is immoral to ask people to RFID chips and meanwhile let them take the risk of having diseases .
However , the fact is that because the information in RFID equipped cards can be skimmed by hackers , it can not guarantee security for the society
Furthermore , by using the cloned card , the hacker was able to pass into the restricted area through the secure and locked entrance ( , 2008 ) .
Instead of benefitting from it , people become fearful .
Surveillance technology can be defined as remote sensing technology that is to capture and transfer visual , sound , and spatial information from one place to another place far away .
The use of those equipments complementarily can be used to track people where ever they are , not only in outdoors but also indoors or even beneath the ground in mining projects
The application of surveillance technology such as RFID in commercial companies like oil Rig Company will increase the company 's . By using this technology , the worker can explore a wider range of exploitation zone which is considered " dangerousr " more safely since workers position can be monitored precisely .
Yahya Mehdizadeh in Digital Energy Journal September 2007 stated that " by implanting RFID chips within the person or within the gear of rig , operators can validate that those persons are at the right place during important phases of production .
Secondly is regarding the implementation in security and military aspects .
RFID chips can be implanted in criminals and terrorists so that the authority can easily track their activity .
Eventually , this technology gives great advantages to the society
RFID chips can also be implanted in the soldier 's body so that the commander will know his position if he is kidnapped .
Lastly is the prominent impact on the civil society .
If RFID chip is implanted into all members of society , it will result in a lot of . We can track missing people and family members .
We also track and identify lost casualties in airplane accidents and natural disasters quickly , effectively and efficiently
Some may argue about the privacy matter of the use of this technology .
This can be assured by applying password , encrypter or decoder in the next generation of RFID devices .
It is just the same case with the use of bank account and ATM card pin which has been broadly trusted by all bank customers .
Furthermore , this report also stated that RFID tags could promote the frequent access for the patient to their medical information and increase the continuity and coordination of care which reduces many kinds of medical error like adverse drugs event .
In conclusion ,
First of all , there is insufficient control over the people who have access to surveillance technology .
No one can interfere with one 's privacy against their will ( ) .
Surveillance technology will infringe our privacy . Therefore , it should not be used to track people .
Not only will surveillance technology invade our privacy , it might also cause individuals to develop health problems .
One of the surveillance technologies is RFID tags . Research done on rodents , shows that there is an association between implanted RFID tags and tumors in rodents ( Foster & Jaeger , 2008 ) .
This shows that there is a possibility that humans might also develop tumor if implants were placed in their body .
Surveillance cameras might also cause psychological impacts , where individuals will have the thought that they are constantly being watched .
In conclusion , the use of surveillance technology will cause more harm than good . S it should not be used to track people .
Individual 's privacy might be infringed , information is easily accessible by anyone who has access to the surveillance technology , and also there might be detrimental health impacts on the individual who is being tracked .
The use of RFID to track people should not be .
In my point of view , the use of RFID should not be banned for the following reasons .
Firstly , it is undeniable that RFID is very useful in our daily life .
In addition , with this technology , parents can easily find their lost children and doctors can easily find elderly people who suffer from degenerative brain conditions ( Wood , 2006 ) .
This opinion stems from the general misunderstanding of the technology or inaccurate hearsay .
As mentioned before , the database is highly . Thus it is very difficult for hackers to attack .
What is more , just like we have antivirus software to deal with computer virus , we will be able to prevent personal information from being hacked by coming up with corresponding approaches ( Banks , Hanny , Pachano , & Thompson , 2007 ) .
One of the most debated uses of this technology is to monitor and track people via the surveillance camera and the RFID ( radio-frequency identification ) .
Critics have argued that this has inevitably denied the individuals their rights to privacy ( Stanley and Steinhardt , 2003 ) , and thus RFID should not be used to track people .
Memories of the terrorist attacks that happened around the world will always serve as a stark reminder to everyone that a lapse in security will result in heavy casualties .
Surveillance cameras installed at strategic areas will ensure that suspicious characters could be filtered out by the security personnel for checks while RFID tags on prisoners would ensure that they do not escape ( Swedberg , 2005 ) and pose a danger to the public .
If a RFID tag had been used , the terrorist would not have been able to escape easily .
Although one may argue that terrorist attacks still occur even with the use of surveillance camera , one should also note that the recordings would enable the police to identify the terrorists after the attack and conduct a swift operation to arrest them ( Quek , 2008 ) before they could plan and carry out their next mission .
Besides that , having security cameras around would always serve as deterrence to potential criminals ( Quek , 2008 ) .
In order to improve the overall efficiency of the medical team , Tan Tock Seng Hospital has rolled out RFID in 2007 to monitor more than 1,200 patients ( Friedlos , 2009 ) .
The benefits of RFID includes locating the patients easily for tests and administering of medicine , and a lower response time of the housekeeping department in clearing the bed once a patient is discharged , which will then reduce an individual 's waiting time for a bed ( Friedlos , 2009 ) .
Moreover , as the population continues to age , elderly who are not seriously ill might have to be discharged to nurse their injuries or illnesses at home or in a nursing home ( Tan , 2007 ) .
In order not to compromise their health , RFID should be utilized to monitor them ( Broache , 2007 ) .
Hence , the use of surveillance technology to track people should not be prohibited .
Their disapproval for such technology has grown stronger over the years since the terrorist attack on the World Trade Centre on 11th September 2001 .
They believed that many countries have increased unnecessary surveillance on the pretext of monitoring the terrorists ( Stanley and Steinhardt , 2003 ) .
A good example would be the apprehension of terrorists behind the London bombing with the help of surveillance technology ( Quek , 2008 ) .
People who think that surveillance technology should not be used to track people claim that it invades the privacy right of people .
However , surveillance technology , if used appropriately , can benefit our life so much that it should not be banned .
It might help to maintain the security of those places as well as find out if there is any robber or thief , thus reducing the crime rate ( The Economist print edition , 2008 ) .
Moreover , police can also use surveillance technology to track potential criminals , for instance , to supervise a person who was imprisoned in the past for a short time to ensure that he will not commit a crime again .
Surveillance technology helps us much in following dangerous criminals such as gangsters or a mafia chief .
Although people who oppose the use of this technology may claim that it would be years before they can pick a terrorist out in a crowd ( Yang , 2005 ) , some intelligent system can now learn the context in which behavior is probably threatening ( The Economist print edition , 2008 ) .
Hence , we may easily filter the suspects and concentrate on their acts to know if they are really criminals .
A small tag or camera will give parents information about their children every period of time ; thus they know that they are safe .
It also prevents children from being kidnapped or injured in accidents because their parents would know immediately whenever they are in danger .
Since doctors and nurses are not able to be with patients all the time , cameras and other surveillance devices will record their condition and alert hospital staff when it become worse .
Obviously , the feeling of being tracked will make people feel uncomfortable but the our safety is more precious .
For instance , if you get lost or have a serious accident and you can not call for help , your friends and family would not find you quickly if they do not know your location .
Furthermore , new surveillance devices are so sophisticated that users will not feel that they are followed .
Tags and chips implanted in human 's body can be used as smart identity cards .
When a person gets off a plane , he goes through a special door , and then the custom officer will know all the necessary information on him immediately .
It is not only used for the purpose of security but for the convenience of residents since they do not have to use keys or worry about thieves .
Actually , not all types of surveillance use this method since we can use cards , cameras and other modern devices instead .
Another worry in the use of this technology is that whenever a hacker can get into the system , users are threatened as their personal information can be revealed ( Zetter , 2009 ) .
Though the consequence that people will be tracked seems unacceptable , the safety and convenience in life for humans is more important .
Nowadays , surveillance technology is growing at a rapid speed and surveillance equipments can be found in many common places such as supermarkets , schools and airport terminal .
People are actually being observed from a distance by surveillance technology equipment such as CCTV cameras and GPS tracking devices or being tracked by means of microchip or an RFID device which using radio waves .
It has been proven that surveillance technology can be beneficial to mankind in terms of deterring crime and terrorism , monitoring employees and improving patient 's welfare .
First of all , surveillance technology should be used as it helps in eradicate crime and to identify the faces of a terrorist from miles away .
This surveillance technology equipment is installed in buses , common places or schools and with the constant video monitoring , detailed evidence of any suspicious movement or criminal activity can be assessed .
If potential criminals are aware of this fact,there is a high possibility that crime can be greatly deterred .
In addition , this surveillance technology protects a country 's safety and security from terrorist attacks .
For instance , " as a direct result of the September 11 terrorist attacks , United States government and law enforcement officials have implemented surveillance technologies to deter future terrorist attacks ( Jim , 2009 ) .
Therefore , surveillance technology should be used since it puts criminals and terrorists away and protects the society .
Furthermore , employees in work places can be monitored by means of surveillance technology and it has many advantages .
Implementing this technology properly can help improve security in work places .
Examples of devices that are used are entrance and exit cameras , internal and outdoor cameras and cash register and counter cameras ( Bill , 2006 ) .
The presence of surveillance cameras can prevent theft in the company because employees are less likely to steal company products as they fully aware that they are being watched by unblinking cameras which can provide evidence .
However , opponents of surveillance technology argue that it invades an individual 's privacy .
They do not realize that with a clear understanding of where and how security cameras can be installed , potential privacy intrusion can be avoided ( Lynn , 2006 ) .
Hence , surveillance tools must be used in every work place to improve the security as well as the employee 's good behavior .
A small electronic device such as a microchip is incorporated into a patient 's body in order to track them by using radio waves .
This kind of procedure is essential for Alzheimer 's patients because they have very poor memory and may forget the way back if they go somewhere . Hence , RFID really plays an important role here to track the Alzheimer 's patients .
In addition , the microchips are also applied to patients so that doctor can monitor their health condition such as heart rate , blood pressure and glucose level in blood .
I must admit that , opponents of this position argue that microchip incorporated in a human 's body can affect the system later on .
It is because our cells can only identify our own cells and they identify the microchip as the foreign cell and eventually immune systems will act against the microchip .
In conclusion , surveillance technology such as RFID should be used to track people since it helps in deterring crime and terrorism , monitoring employees and improving welfare of patients .
The past few decades have seen the improvement in technology by leaps and bounds , and one key area which we have benefitted from is the use of surveillance technology .
Some may express their concern on the use of surveillance technology regarding privacy and security issues and argue that it should therefore be banned .
However , it would be too extreme to impose such a ban .
As by doing so , we are throwing the baby out with the bath water .
For instance , the installment of Closed-Circuit Television ( CCTV ) in the multi-storey parking lots of a building will enable the security guards to monitor the situation and to pick out suspicious behavior .
However , in a recent study conducted in Hartlepool , United Kingdom , it was shown that crime rate was reduced by 26 % from 2004-2007 after installing CCTV at certain areas ( SaferHartlepool , 2009 ) .
Some may argue that implanting RFID chips may cause physical side effects .
This can be done by analyzing finger prints , recognizing facial features and scanning of the iris .
Hence , biometrics which is part of surveillance technology can be used for authentication purposes ( Smith , 2009 ) as for instance , the biometric passport which can be used to prevent identity theft and also to conduct automatic immigration clearances .
Critics of this objection claim that our security will be at risk as the embedded secret codes can be cloned and thus allow the hackers to enter the country illegally .
While it is true that such an event may occur , with the advancement of technology and tighter regulations , this problem can be rectified .
Drivers will be more conscious of their speed limits when speed cameras are around ; shoplifters will think twice before committing a theft when there are various security cameras in the shopping mall .
In fact , crime rates would probably be much higher if there are totally no surveillance cameras around .
Phone calls could be tapped ; and even along the common streets of Orchard Road , there are surveillance cameras lurking around .
Even with further encryption , security has been proven to be easily overcome .
Types of surveillance technologies include Cameras ( CCTV ) , Face- Recognition , Biometrics , RFID ( radio-frequency identification ) and even Cookies in web browsers ( Jeffrey A , 2009 ) .
There is no denying that surveillance technologies that are extremely useful with wide ranges of uses from monitoring traffic to the detection and prevention of crime ( Jeffrey A , 2009 ) .
Therefore surveillance technology should not be used to track people except with prior permission .
Positive uses of RFID in inventory management include tracking items with toxic substances , tracking manufactured products through the supply chain and tracking pharmaceuticals to point of sale to ensure proper handling through the supply chain ( Alan RP , 2005 ) .
Profiling and monitoring can then be used to track individuals and their choice of products ( Alan RP , 2005 ) .
Although this may just be the store trying to use of RFID systems to try to increase sales , it violates the personal privacy of the customer ( Alan RP , 2005 ) .
One example would be the company Prada , which uses RFID systems in dressing rooms to suggest accessories ( Alan RP , 2005 ) .
When the sales transaction takes place , the store can permanently store all personal information about the customer , including credit cards and telephone numbers and associate it with the specific item ( Alan RP , 2005 ) .
This information could then be used for many purposes like marketing activities and personal profiling based on past purchases ( Alan RP , 2005 ) .
The RFID tags used remain attached on items even after they are purchased , which could subsequently be read when they encounter an RFID transceiver anywhere ( Alan RP , 2005 ) .
With the information , it is possible to identify the person as well as personal information such as shopping records and credit history ( Alan RP , 2005 ) .
Invasive custom marketing activities could be developed through reading of tagged items and in the worst case scenario , individual movements could be tracked by just being in possession of the items ( Alan RP , 2005 ) .
There is currently a program called NEXUS which allows U.S. and Canadian citizens to register their fingerprints , photo , and other personal data and , if approved , receive a card with an RFID tag ( Alan RP , 2005 ) .
When individuals wish to travel between the U.S. and Canada , the RFID tag allows them to be cleared though inspection in less than five seconds ( Alan RP , 2005 ) .
Not only is it convenient , because the individual already gave prior permission , but it is also not considered to be a breach of privacy .
There are three main aspects in which RFID will benefit human beings .
It is because RFID is able to efficiently detect terrorists and criminals who hide drugs in their bodies , all objects made of metal , all explosive devices and so on .
In this way , the public 's benefits are protected as much as possible .
Moreover , if the government enhances the degree of secrecy of the surveillance technology , these people with evil thoughts may have a hard time to approach it .
In conclusion , the surveillance technology , RFID , should not be banned as it is able to benefit our society significantly , not only on the economic aspect , but also the human beings ' security .
However , the aspects of human surveillance are always controversial topics for many years .
When using RFID for surveillance for finding criminals , for instance , the official authorities will have to look at much sensitive and even intimate information .
The individual , aware or not aware of this use , will have his serious loss of privacy .
Through this , the hackers can assault the individual 's life , or more seriously , exploit that information to assault the government and military systems .
Let us remind ourselves of inventing nuclear weapons and creating wars everywhere .
It is advantageous , but we should not go too far , or it will kill us .
Surveillance technology has a history dated back to as early as 1965 , where the first closed circuit television ( CCTV ) was used in the police force in the United States in public places ( Roberts , 2005 ) .
For example , GPS 24/7 continuous real-time tracking of an individual individual , and is considered several times more powerful than the traditional visual surveillance often exercised by the police force ( Michael & Rose , 2007 ) .
According to FOXNews.com on the 21st Of May , 2006 , the authorities can now track dangerous sex offenders with GPS without keeping them in prison at the taxpayers expenses , even after serving their time .
The balance between personal privacy and national security is a fine line ( Michael & Rose , 2007 ) .
In conclusion , surveillance technology to track people should not be banned due to the benefits it bestows : such as the prevention of crime , detection of danger , as well as the monitoring of social behavior .
Over the years , surveillance technology has advanced drastically and it has slowly integrated into our daily life where video cameras can be commonly seen monitoring us in shopping centre 's , workplaces and residential areas .
The monitoring of one 's movements and activities has been introduced to ensure our safety and prevent crimes .
However it has also raised concerns that we are being monitored just like criminals .
Therefore , since the disadvantages of surveillance technology outweigh its benefits , it should not be used to track people .
Firstly , the use of surveillance technology threatens our human right to privacy .
( Ball , K. , Lyon et al 2006 ) .
This information can be misused by individuals with ill intention , using it to manipulate it for their own benefit .
Thus , since surveillance technology infringes on our privacy , it should not be used to track people .
For instance , some employers would install surveillance monitors in their workplaces to track the activities of their employee ( Ball , K. et al .
This would subject the employees to constant fear of committing mistakes if they are aware that they are being monitored , it could diminish their moral which in return affect their productivity and efficiency at work .
Furthermore , parents would resort to using webcams and GPS systems to check on their children ' activities ( Ball , K. et al .
2006 ) instead of trying to communicate with their children to understand the friends they mix with and to find out their whereabouts .
( Ball , K. et al .
Lastly , surveillance technology such as RFID ( implantable radiofrequency identification technology ) poses potential health hazards to individuals
RFID in the form of Verichip is used for patient identification to provide healthcare providers with efficient access to patient 's medical history and contact information .
However , since there is a limited number of RFID human implantations performed , there is insufficient data about the possible side effects related to it , recent tests indicate that there are potential health hazards such as cancer , adverse tissue reaction , magnetic resonance imaging incompatibility and infections that could affect the old and feeble individuals .
Hence , since there are many adverse health effects of RFID that is still not known thus the use of surveillance technology to track people should be banned as the implantation of Verichip in patients bring more harm than benefits .
On the other hand , supporters of surveillance technology state that surveillance technology plays an important role in crime detection and prevention thus maintaining the country 's security and prevents terrorist attacks .
In conclusion , it is evident that the use of surveillance technology to track people should be banned as it not only threatens one 's privacy inhibiting them from exercising freedom but the use of surveillance technology also poses unknown potential health hazards to individuals .
In addition , it creates suspicion in individuals causing them to lose mutual trust for one another resulting in breaking of social relationship and family bonds .
Nevertheless , surveillance technology has limited efficiency in crime prevention hence it should not be used to track people since it fails to protect us .
As an unavoidable consequence , it raises ethical issues , which states that such penetrating technology has invaded people 's privacy because more and more personal habits and behaviors are monitored without permission .
It has been demonstrated in hospitals , crimes and workplace .
Firstly , the surveillance technology can be used in hospitals to monitor movements of its patients in case of an emergency .
In conjunction with a video surveillance system to cover different regions of the hospital , it can track the patients ' movements any time at any corner of the hospital .
When one commits a crime , the policemen can track one 's movement and locate one 's whereabouts or extract one 's information or past history .
( ( Christiana.J . et al , 2007 ) ) Furthermore , in New York , RFID is also being used in schools .
According to information released by the Federal Bureau of Justice and Statistics in late November , the crime rate such as school fights and percentage of students bringing weapons to school had indeed fallen since 1990 .
The most controversial issue about the use of surveillance technology would be the ethical issue regarding people 's privacy , which is strongly demonstrated in workplace privacy .
For instance , RFID tags are placed in 80,000 employee uniforms at the Star City Casino in Sydney Australia ( Gruber , J. ) .
Some people say that the installation of such technology reduces the employees to robots , depriving them of their individuality to only-working-machines so as to achieve maximum productivity .
This has intruded upon employees ' privacy and thus should not be used .
In conclusion , I think the surveillance technology should be used as its benefits outweigh its harm .
It is useful in tracking patients in hospitals , criminals after they committed crimes and employees in the workplace .
The individual privacy should be put aside when the benefit to the public plays a more important role .
Surveillance technology such as RFID ( radio-frequency identification ) , GPS ( Global Positioning System ) and security cameras are used to monitor the action of the public .
After the September 11 attack , the use of such technology has become more prevalent so as to increase the security level ( Vedo Soft 2006 ) .
It is also used to monitor those who require special attention such as Alzheimer 's patients to ensure that they receive appropriate and quick medication during an emergency .
Thus , on the whole whole , its advantages clearly outweigh its disadvantages such as an individuals privacy .
The presence of security cameras in public places helps to reduce crime rates as criminals fear that their actions will be recorded .
According to park officials of Balboa park in San Diego , California , nine months after the installation of a surveillance system , the crime rates have reduced in all aspects and more people visit the park as they feel more secure ( Nieto 1997 ) .
One of the common methods to ensure this is by surveillance technology and this has significantly helped Singapore to be one of the countries with the lowest crime rates .
Secondly , surveillance technology has been proven to be effective for social control as it helps to monitor those who need special attention such as Alzheimer 's patients .
According to a TIME magazine article written by Morrissey , a study conducted in 2006 showed that 4 % of the 1,260 mice implanted with RFID developed tumors .
However , none of them were malignant .
" Should the use of surveillance technology such as RFID to track people be banned ?
Radio-frequency identification ( RFID ) technology has advanced from industrial and animal tagging applications to being able to track people 's movements ) .
Some companies have made it compulsory for their staff to wear RFID tags to facilitate personnel identification and access control ( Masters & Michael , 2006 ) .
Knowing that they are being spied on , they will have a lesser tendency to commit crimes .
Unauthorized removal of a baby would trigger the alarm thus enhancing baby safety ( Masters & Michael , 2006 ) .
This has enhanced patient care as nurses have more time for other patients and are notified immediately when patient has fever ( Friedlos , 2009 ) .
During recent years there has been an increase in the use of surveillance technology .
The current technology has made it possible for the surveillance system to be used in our daily lives , such as electronic payment , supply chain management , and livestock .
Some argue that the tracking should be banned for it may cause serious outcomes related to the violation of privacy .
But I do not think it is reasonable to forgo this advanced technology for it really plays a great role in the areas related to healthcare and government , and the potential negative impacts brought by it can be reduced or avoided if the regulations around it tend to be sounder .
First , surveillance is very useful to hospitals and governments .
As healthcare centers , hospitals need to undertake a heavy task in dealing with diseases and maintaining a high level of security .
.
For example , it equips the government with an unprecedented ability to detect the potential criminal activities .
To a great extent , it contributes a lot to the stability of the whole society while only violating the privacy of the criminals .
In fact , many great inventions and breakthroughs in human history have got positive and negative aspects , such as the automobiles which have brought great convenience to people while causing large damage to the environment by emitting pollutant gases .
The only thing we can do is to improve their efficiency and seek new and green power supplies which will make them as environmentally-friendly as possible .
The last two decades have witnessed drastic developments in material science and digital processing technology , which have made Radio Frequency Identification ( RFID ) , an advanced surveillance technology that has been applied in the business and tracking world .
This controversial issue aroused much concern from society , .
For instance , it can be implanted in the elderly who are suffering from degenerative diseases .
( Surveillance Studies Network , 2006 ) Since it is so dangerous for elderly people with dementia to get lost , carrying a RFID chip enables their families to locate them .
Thus , it not only eliminates danger for such elderly people , but also reduces the worry and effort for their families .
Moreover , for some construction projects with high fatality rates , obviously we need more accurate and reliable technology to protect workers during the programs .
RFID enables us to provide an accurate position of every worker who carries its tag .
This high-tech system was used in the second Gotthard tunnel program and other company 's like Kronos Titan , Leverkusen ( Germany ) in the chemical sector for production of hazardous materials .
Secondly , RFID is an efficient and reliable surveillance tool to watch people who maybe a threat .
For the prisoners in custody , it is necessary to watch and track them in case of further crime .
( Surveillance Studies Network , 2006 ) Meanwhile , using RFID to keep watching those employees working in high-security areas confers benefits that are clear and compelling .
Both of these is evidence that the RFID community has done a poor job at conveying to the public , in an accurate understandable form , what technology is and its capabilities .
280-282 ) ) Meanwhile , some believe that it should be banned since it intrudes upon privacy .
We will lose all its advantages and benefits once such a technology is banned , which will lead to more casualties and threats to society .
Furthermore , science and technology development in such areas will be barred once we ban it , which affects human society and civilization further .
In conclusion , RFID as a surveillance technology should not be banned as it protects special groups of people and helps to watch people who are a potential threat to our society .
Citywatcher.com , a surveillance company , is one of those companies to have RFID chips implanted in their employees ' arms ( Gruber , n.d. ) as a safety measure .
Patients are also given RFID tags to wear so that should they collapse , aid can be given to them immediately ( Kanellos , 2004 ) .
The RFID tags are broken once patients are discharged so the bed can be prepared for new patients and waiting time would be reduced .
Hence , these technologies should not be banned as it efficiently locates enemies , saves lives and at the same time ensures that civilians are not harmed by the new regulations .
Firstly , surveillance technology can be used for security and as a deterrent to prevent crimes .
The concept of human tagging has been widely accepted , but one has to take note of its purpose .
For those regions where kidnapping are more prevalent such as Mexico , children tagging can actually help their parent identify them after many years or it can serve as a means to deter kidnapping because parents can locate their children using gadgets ( Wired , February 2000 ) .
It is just used in specific areas or persons who actually benefits from its application such as in the case of child kidnapping .
The reason why it was so difficult to track and record accurately in the past is that in such a big event , it may take about one hour for certain runners to even reach the starting point and start the race .
Thirdly , Terrorism has become an enormous threat to the security of many countries in the world , especially in the US .
Governments have gathered various ways to combat terrorism and RFID is one of its means .
RFID can help the government to gather information such as events involving people , mobile and places into the computer system so that they can watch out and catch suspicious persons
The welfare of the entire populations supercedes the individual rights in the case of terrorist attacks .
In conclusion , surveillance technology should not be banned , but one has to take note of the purposes of its applications .
We have seen that the identification technology has progressed by leaps and bounds over the last few decades .
There are however , a variety of issue associated with the appropriateness to deploy RFID technology to track individuals .
Nonetheless , despite RFID still progressing in its infancy stage , it is seen to possess uncapped potential and can be put to valuable uses , especially in connection with hospital- patient identification , anti-theft tracking as well as in government agencies for identification purposes .
Firstly , RFID system can be utilized widely in hospital in-patient identification.The system can be used to monitor the whereabouts of patients and also medical personnel s in the hospital .
One advantage about the device is that it does not require line-of-sight monitoring .
It ensures a higher level of security and also allows nurses to monitor more patients at a time .
Unlike barcodes , RFID does not need to be placed precisely relative to the scanner .
Swedberg ( 2004 ) cited that countries like New Zealand , Pakistan , as well as Malaysia have embedded RFID chips in their citizen 's identification card .
RFID chips are also being used in identification cards in corporations and schools to control unauthorized access .
With all that has been said , the advantages of the usage of RFID clearly outweigh the drawbacks of the technology .
One needs to understand the benefits brought about by RFID in different sectors .
RFID is Radio Frequency Identification that uses electromagnetic spectrum to transmit signals so that we can locate the exact position of someone .
On one side , some people think that surveillance technology should not be used to track other people because it intrudes into otherr people 's privacy .
On the other hand , some argue that this technology should be used , especially for security purposes .
First , it will intrude into other people 's privacy . For example the usage of RFID in a smart card that includes a microchip that stores ID , phone number , bank account , or address which are such critical information on each individual ( RFID Journal,2003 ) .
The problem arises when there are hackers who can access the information that is stored in a RFID smart card .
Second , the usage of RFID by a company to track other company 's data , such that all fax , telephone , or email are intercepted so that all of the vital and very useful data of one company can be detected by other company ( Bogonikolos,1999 ) .
These conditions will cause unbalanced competition among the companies that will in turn affect many people .
Generally all of these conditions will only bring inconvenience for someone who is being tracked .
By using this technology , all of the activities that are happening can be viewed through the camera so it is important to organize the security of the place ( Burnell,2007 ) .
The other use of RFID that some people think could bring advantage is RFID microchip implanted inside the human body , especially in those who suffer chronic illness such as Alzheimer or Dementia .
This technology will help their family to identify their position whenever they get lost .
In conclusion , the usage of RFID to track other people will affect many people 's lives tremendously. .
Therefore , I agree with the banning of the usage of RFID to track other people because it is such an immoral and irresponsible action that will make other people suffer loss .
For example , the police had to keep the suspect under surveillance by following the suspect physically . The had to send soldiers to the enemy in order to master enemy condition .
Nowadays , we can locate anyone anytime with just a small chip and a reader .
First and foremost , usage of surveillance technology in the hospital can improve the success rate of treatment especially for emergency cases .
RFID tagging can also be used on patients for nurses or doctors to keep an eye on them in case they have inappropriate actions such as moving towards unsafe areas or they suffer from a sudden organ failure .
Also , items are tagged with RFID chips which have unique serial numbers .
Thus , once they are dislocated from their original destination , a signal will be sent to notify the shop assistant .
If the item is stolen out of the shop , it can be traced easily . Therefore not only can the item be recovered , the thief can also be nabbed .
However , critics argued that surveillance technology has greatly intruded their personal space where they have this psychological feeling of 'being watched ' by others every single day .
To think of it , would you rather want a safe environment in which your privacy may be compromised , or to choose privacy over safety ?
Everyone has a differentt perception of privacy .
Therefore it 's biased to say that surveillance technology threatens one 's privacy to a huge extent .
Surveillance is the process of monitoring behaviours and activities , usually of people without their permission .
Lots of surveillance tools are invented , such as CCTV ( close circuit television ) cameras , RFID ( radio-frequency identification ) , GPS ( global positioning system ) , etc. The extensive and growing use of electronic surveillance technology has resulted in considerable debate especially the ethical questions concerning privacy .
Although it appears to breach the privacy of communities , surveillance technology has in fact enabled to track the public 's health , ensured public safety and monitored employees in companies .
First of all , surveillance technology should not be banned as it has enabled the tracking of the health of the public .
Besides that , it can supply detailed body information to hospitals and then the public can alter their behaviours like exercise and diet after interpretation from doctors .
With the implants , RFID chips may convey messages regarding health conditions of patients , such as those with epilepsy , heart disease , or mental impairment , especially for those who are unable to communicate effectively with hospital staff about their medical histories or current complaints when they are in need of immediate treatment .
In addition , it also decreases the slight discrepancy of diagnosis by doctors due to the influence of their experiences .
Thus , surveillance technology to track the health of communities aids in reducing mortality rates due to health problems and also decreasing the misinterpretation of verbal communication by doctors .
This is very crucial to ensure that the productivity and the efficiency of workers are kept to a maximum .
For instance , employees might seem to be surfing the web for business purposes all the time , but what they are actually doing is personal business such as online banking , shopping and chatting .
It may be argued that one 's privacy might be invaded due to surveillance technology ( Heathfield , n.d. , p.2 ) .
It has also been said that surveillance of employees can affect the relationship between employer and employees ( Heathfield , n.d. , p. 2 ) .
Use of surveillance technology has no impact for those focusing on work and doing the right thing ( Heathfield , n.d. , p. 2 ) .
Furthermore , security is very essential for factories manufacturing coins and jewellery .
This can alleviate theft rate in the factories .
As a result , surveillance technology can help employers to monitor their workers to an extent that it does not breach their privacy .
Moreover , surveillance technology is vital in ensuring the safety of the public .
The police can then trace the culprits ' physical appearance and vehicle number .
Thus , the time taken to solve criminal cases is tremendously reduced , compared with the crime not being recorded .
The video recorded becomes a concrete proof to sanction the culprits .
On the other hand , for those having diseases like Alzheimer 's disease , surveillance technology helps find them out if they get lost .
In conclusion , surveillance technology should not be banned as it ensures the health and safety of the public , besides being used to monitor the performance of employees .
If we persist with the banning of surveillance technology , the public will be exposed to a dangerous environment in which crime will happen frequently .
Without surveillance , decreased productivity of workers may bring the unemployment issue to the surface again .
Although until now there are still many debates about the ethical issues of surveillance technology , it after all still benefits the communities in many respects , so banning of surveillance technology should not be initiated .
It has changed many aspects of our lives and has ubiquitously penetrated our society making many of us dependent on it .
Even though technological advances prove to be a marvel as we move faster into the future , they do not only bring about benefits but also negative repercussions if not dealt with properly .
Surveillance has been around for hundreds of years but technology has 'springboarded ' it to a much higher level .
Of course , surveillance technology does have its benefits to the society in terms of safety and security , but does it outweigh the undesirable problems that it brings ?
The use of miniature tracking devices to track the whereabouts of one 's 'target ' has put human rights activism in action .
Yet , many have argued that it is against human rights and thus promoted the banning of tracking devices .
It has also benefitted many through an increased level of safety and in locating their vehicles .
For example , when one is involved in a car accident that is located in a secluded place and does not have any communication devices with him or her , the presence of a GPS installed in his car can give loved ones or the authorities direction on how to search for him .
Therefore , the use of tracking devices can actually bring about benefits if they are used with caution . Thus , tracking devices not be banned .
Furthermore , surveillance technology like RFID has also been used for the safety of personnel as well as the general public .
Oakland Coliseum located in the United States has made use of RFID to track its staff to increase the efficiency in deploying quick response teams in times of need .
In an incident , its staff will activate the respective standby teams depending on the situation
In addition to this , Axcess International has also promoted the use of RFID as a safety measure for tracking each individual .
Miners are given ID tags before their descent into the tunnel .
These ID tags provide real-time location information on the miners ' movement as well as location of the tags during possible cave-in
( Axcess targets RFID for US mining safety , October 1 , 2008 , para 1 ) .
Surveillance technology has also been used in emergencies such as the outbreak of Severe Acute Respiratory Syndrome ( SARS ) .
One such example in Singapore is the installation of surveillance cameras at homes of affected citizens that are quarantined at home .
Even though it does not comply with human rights law , it is for the better of the society and the government has to take such drastic measures to ensure the preservation of the rest of the society ( Information for Home Quarantine , March 24 , 2003 ) . Therefore ,
Undeniably , surveillance technologies do overlap with human rights , but more often than not , the use of these technologies brings about more benefits than negative consequences .
In conclusion , there should not be a complete ban of the use of surveillance but only adequate control by individuals or a governing body to restrict the abuse of this powerful tool .
Surveillance technology and security has become crucial to each country since the terrorist attacks in the US on Sept 11 .
Surveillance technology is the use of devices to monitor any behaviour , activities or other changing information that is deemed to be important to the security of any government or personnel .
But this has gone too far ; with security came the loss of personal privacy .
Personal freedom is compromised thus with much hesitation , I do not agree that surveillance technology should be used to track people .
We live our own way and nobody has the right to monitor or dictate our actions .
Be it the government 's security reasons or other excuses , still it has no right to impose such a technology on others without our permission .
Secondly , it erodes trust and creates a climate of fear in the person being monitored and the people around them .
Fear causes psychological problems such as anxiety and the loss of a person 's confidence .
Anxiety is a very difficult mental disorder to cure and it takes a very long time for a person to overcome this but with constant disturbances from knowing that he or she is being monitored , it will become a significant problem in their daily lives .
Thirdly , not all surveillance devices are used without the person knowing it ; some of the devices are used with the knowledge of the person .
A very good example is in certain states in the US .
These not only cause distress in a person but also put the whole monitoring agency on high alert if the device malfunctions .
Huge cost and time will be wasted and manpower will be mobilized just to rectify these unfortunate problems .
It is taxpayer 's money we are talking about .
Does n't the public have the right to dictate how the money should be generated and used ?
For the government works for the people , not the other way around .
But this does not apply to certain countries that expect the people to work for them .
Lastly , the use of surveillance technology can be abused by the government and or any agency that uses it .
Like in the case of South Africa during the apartheid period whereby the opposition was monitored using surveillance technology .
Thousands of opposition members were arrested and ill treated by the regime .
The situation became better when Nelson Mandela successfully became the president but at the price of he himself being the victim of their abuse .
Greed and corruption sink in when the people at the very top refuse to give up their power and use underhanded means to keep themselves in power .
With easy evidence at their disposal , they will use the law to suppress any opposition at their will .
In conclusion , surveillance technology should not be used to track people as it can be abused by the people who use it .
Previously , the common practice for surveillance has always been through physical means such as prison guards , but in modern times it has been improved and upgraded through image amplification devices such as binoculars , closed circuit cameras and high-resolution satellite cameras ( Bogonikolos , 1999 ) .
Also , RFID pose the risks of information leak during transmission of information .
Modern surveillance technology has constructed a means for us to gather information readily .
RFID first appeared in 1940 with the primary aim of identifying aircrafts for military purposes .
Tentatively , with surveillance , security is on the whole tightened .
Many would agree that sophisticated surveillance technology has indeed been beneficial in the security arena especially after the September 11th incident and governments has since then diverted their attention to tracking potential terrorists instead of tracking explosive devices or substances .
For instance , in its effort to locate any suspicious character , Britain has over 4 million CCTV cameras installed along almost every street just to keep track of every individual ( BBC News , 2006 ) .
The implementation of such a system has successfully foiled some of the terrorists ' plans .
Furthermore , individuals would behave themselves upon knowing that they are constantly being " watched " , leading to a possible decrease in crime rates .
As far as the government is concerned , with the use of surveillance devices , security is greatly enhanced and discipline is observed .
On the other hand , some argued that such method has inevitably threatened the most basic human rights to freedom as every movement or speech , for more advanced devices , is meticulously monitored .
" ( Schneier B , 2006 ) . Then , there are individuals who abuse the usage of surveillance technology by sending their partners gifts with RFID attached to it so that they will be able to track the location of their partners and know who they are hanging out with .
Obviously such acts are morally wrong and hence the use of surveillance technology to track people should be banned if individuals misuse it
( Lee and Tan , 2007 ) . However , individuals should also have their right to security , which in turn allows the intervention of government .
National security is altogether far more important than the mere privacy entitled to individuals .
RFID is also used to track criminals , detainees or ex-convict .
If Mas Selamat bin Kastari was to have a RFID tag , he would not not have been able to escape and there would not have been so much fear instilled among Singaporeans during the period of his disappearance .
By employing such an operation , government would thus be able to prevent any possible mishap from happening .
An opinion poll conducted among Americans and Europeans has shown that 75 % of the respondents " want more , not less , surveillance " ( BBC News , 2007 ) . Furthermore , " If it prevents criminal behaviour or improves its detection I 'm all for it .
Perhaps , the increases in the number of terrorists attack have proven to us that governments should also tap on the advantages of current technology to counter those sophisticated attacks carried out by the terrorists .
On the minor scale , it is the individuals themselves who are abusing such technology for their own gain .
However , when viewed from a broader perspective , surveillance technology would have been the platform to stop any terrorist attacks or crimes from happening .
In addition , since most people recognize the main objective of surveillance technology , such technology should not be banned even if it includes spying on individuals .
This technology is widely used in public places for security maintenance , as well as for the purpose of identification and tracking of information .
For example , CCTV is installed in airports , banks , department stores , and even streets to prevent crime in those areas , while RFID can be used as an access key within an organization , a means of managing mobile assets of a company , or a tool for identifying and tracking of equipment , staff , and patients in a hospital .
In fact , there are still a lot of applications for RFID in various fields and industries including security , public transport , healthcare , and e-payment that its popularity is increasing rapidly .
An RFID tag incorporated into an item can be read from several distances away .
The individual carrying the item may be unaware of the presence of the tag , thus rendering him vulnerable to privacy breaches ( Bhaskar 2007 ) .
Therefore , regulations should be made to protect the privacy of individuals , such as the need to indicate the existence of tags on customer products and the restriction on information gathering .
For instance , personally identifiable information ( PII ) such as the license plate number of an individual carrying an RFID-enabled card or travel document can be read by a third party without his consent since the unauthorized RFID reader can read the RFID number from the card or document ( US Department of Homeland Security 2008 ) .
However , some may argue that the benefits of surveillance technology actually compensate for the concerns about privacy .
An RFID tag embedded into items or products can help owners to track down their valuable belongings should their items be stolen or missing .
RFID also helps to identify disaster victims , and provide effective treatment for patients in emergency situations in a hospital .
Surveillance technology can be used , for instance , to monitor data exchanges on network or to observe the activity of someone using a surveillance camera .
However , people are mainly concerned with their privacy being violated since they are being tracked down .
It can also give out important information on the individual without any permission from the person .
The first reason is concerned with the idea of individual privacy ( CASPIAN , 2003 ) .
When someone buys a product that is tagged with RFID , the radio wave can still be detected as long as the chip is still active and within the range of detection .
Groups of consumers in UK , France , Germany and Netherlands were polled by a consultancy group named Capgemini and 95 % of the consumers were worried that the information gathered from RFID could be used freely without their consent by third parties ( BBC , 2005 ) .
This survey indicates that breach of privacy is indeed an important concern for people .
Secondly , the information gathered through RFID can be used in a way that can endanger the life of the individual himself or herself ( CASPIAN , 2003 ) .
For instance , terrorists with appropriate equipment can target a high-ranking official by setting a bomb to explode as soon as the target is in the detection range .
Robbers can identify rich persons just by reading the RFID tag on the things the person buys .
All of these can be done in a radius of few meters and these make it even harder for the person to realize that they are being spied upon .
Others argue that RFID can be used to stop terrorists from monitoring the nation 's food supply , hence keeping the food from the terrorists ( Baard , 2003 ) .
However , in this age of digital information , people can easily find an Internet connection and type a few keywords like " remove RFID tag " .
This shows that the RFID tag is not effective in tracking people , particularly terrorists .
To wrap up the discussion on the controversy of using RFID to track people , the examples above show how ineffective is the RFID system on spying people like terrorists since the RFID tag can be removed easily .
On the other hand , some groups of people can even misuse this piece of technology to harm others for the sake of their benefit .
Moreover , a survey by a consultancy group Capgemini shows that the majority of the respondents were very concerned over breach of their privacy particularly on the use of the RFID system to track them .
RFID , also known as radio frequency identification , is a piece of technology which makes use of electromagnetic or electrostatic waves in the radio frequency to identify or pass information through the radio wave .
Like many other pieces of surveillance technology , RFID also infringes on privacy of individuals .
In addition , it also possesses some potential hazards to someone implanted with the chip .
Yet , there are far more important benefits if we incorporate the use of RFID , hence we must not ban it .
It is common to hear that most technologies are like a double-edged sword ; so is RFID .
Scientists have shown that if RFID is implanted in the human body , it will interfere with hospital equipment [ Anonymous , 2008 ] , hence handicapping the doctors in their treatment for the patients .
Thus , it is not encouraged to implant an RFID chip .
However , It will be plain ignorant to ban RFID based on this limitation as there are rooms for improvement since it is still at its developing stage .
The benefits of RFID are its efficiency and the safety it can offer which people in the future will enjoy .
If RFID chips are inserted into prisoners , we can track down escapees thus preventing worst-case scenarios from happening . An example is the case of Singapore 's Mas Selamat who , an important player in terrorism , managed to escape from prison prison .
Another use is to insert it in minors to prevent them from being kidnapped and from going astray .
One recent case study would be the famous case of Jaycee Lee Dugard who was held captive and raped for 18 years by Philip Garrido .
All these tragedies among minors can be avoided if and only if RFID was implanted in them to monitor their movement [ Best , 2004 ] .
For the past years , the controversy of surveillance technology infringing on one 's right to privacy still exists and will continue to be so .
However , there can be some laws passed down to ensure that technologies like RFID are not abused but used in the proper direction .
For example , like the surveillance camera , peeping toms and other criminals commonly use them for crimes , yet why does the government still allow such technology to be used ?
Similarly , RFID , which is more feasible and useful than the surveillance camera since it can cover a wider range of areas than the latter , should not be banned .
It seems obvious that the benefits outweigh the disadvantages , thus instead of banning it when it is not yet perfect , we should encourage the further development of this technology .
Though the debate about the ethical issues of RFID are ongoing , we need to understand that in whatever new piece of technology introduced , there is always a need for us to compromise in some ways since nothing is perfect in this world .
Surveillance technology refers to gadgets that are able to observe and monitor an individuals ' behavior and activity from a distance using electronic equipment .
This essay will argue that this technology should not be used to track people down .
Using surveillance technology gives the general public the feeling that they are being watched all the time and there is no sense of freedom .
Injecting RFID chips into a person it is like imprisoning a person , because there is no place where the person can go undetected .
Many might say that by using this technology location of criminals and medical patients who manage to runaway can be detected .
But the reliability of this gadget has not been tested , and there is no assurance that with the installing of this surveillance technology , all criminals and medical patients can be detected easily .
Another point to be raised is that surveillance technology may not be effective in preventing or reducing crime rates as many people assume that they do .
The usage of the surveillance technology gives people a false sense of security because they feel that with technology looking after them , they are sure to be safe .
However , this may not be the case because surveillance may only help to catch a criminal after the crime has been committed .
Most of the time information from surveillance technology is redundant , because the information recorded during the crime does not provide enough evidence to arrest the criminal .
Furthermore criminals are becoming wiser each day ; they may outsmart the technology by hacking into the system to prevent them from being caught .
Therefore , it is certainly not a wise choice to use surveillance cameras in replacement of security guards .
Another concern about using surveillance is the health issue .
The usages of certain surveillance gadgets such as RFID being implanted in the body of individuals have tested as being harmful to the human body .
Humans that are implanted with these chips have higher incidences of getting cancer ( Layden , J 2007 ) .
Though the possibility of getting cancer is not 100 % , why should humans expose themselves to a higher risk of this deadly disease ?
In conclusion , usage of surveillance technology can be strongly argued against , because it is a invasion to privacy , it does not really reduce crime rates and it raises problems related to health issues .
The money used to futher develop this technology and to implement this technology would be better spent on more useful areas such as education and medicine .
Thus , the controversy over whether or not such use of technology should be banned has been erupted ( Bacchetta & Bacchetta , 2005 ; Marshall , 2009 ; Sade , 2007 ; Two stories highlight the RFID debate , 2005 ) .
Although some people consider such utilization benefits mankind in ways such as security and health care , concerns of loss of privacy and dehumanization , physical risks , as well as problems of identity theft still make it controversial .
RFID is mainly used on tracking employees and patients , neither of which is reasonable .
According to a report on July 19 , 2005 ( Two stories highlight the RFID debate ) , the general workers ' union GMB in the UK required the European Commission to prohibit the tag of RFID on employees .
Though , after weighing the pros and cons , numerous civil rights groups and privacy groups oppose surveillance as a violation of people 's right to privacy , including Electronic Privacy Information Center , Electronic Frontier Foundation ( Wentworth , 2005 ) , American Civil Liberties Union ( 2003 ) as well as the US Department of Justice ( 2008 ) .
However , based on a CEJA report ( Sade , 2007 ) , the American Medical Association officially reported on July 17 , 2007 that RIFD devices contain potential physical risks to the user .
Thus , surveillance technology such as RFID should be banned from tracking people .
In fact , the use of RFID and other surveillance technology has raised issues such as our basic privacy , health and the public security .
Firstly , surveillance technology such as the use of RFID should be banned as it intrudes upon our privacy .
Using surveillance technology to track people violates their privacy ; thus , it is a very serious offence .
This means that the personal data of a person can be easily retrieved and thus one 's privacy is invaded .
Studies showed that when active RFID tags were shifted around 41 important health devices such as pacemakers , they interfered with the devices in 34 tests out of all 123 tests .
And out of the 34 tests , 22 could cause a serious problem to the patients ( Wasserman , 2008 ) .
Despite the convenience of being able to attend to the patients efficiently , the real problem will be that RFID can be interfered by another RFID as well .
Furthermore , studies have shown that when RFID is implanted into mice , it causes the growth of tumour around RFID ( Wasserman , 2008 ) . RFID not only poses a risk to patients , but intensive exposure can be hazardous to a healthy individual too .
Hence , RFID can be a health hazard ; thus , it should not be used .
Opposition argues that with CCTV cameras , criminals will be aware that they are being watched and so the crime rate is reduced .
However , this is not necessarily true .
London has more than ten thousand CCTV cameras ; however , eighty percent of the crimes are left unsolved ( Davenport , 2007 ) .
This substantially supports that surveillance technology does not reduce the crime rate and enhance public security .
To conclude , surveillance technology should not be used as it not only can not help solve crimes and maintain order , it also poses a health threat to the people using it and around it as well .
Shop outlets , employers and even potential crime-doers can use RFID to prey on their desired targets , hence intruding upon their privacy .
Firstly , stores can use RFID to track and identify customers without their awareness and pricey items discriminatively .
The opposition can claim that there is an existing employment law and privacy act to protect employees ' privacy interests .
The law states that an employer is entitled to monitor worker movements and conduct during working hours , so long as the means employed are fair and reasonable and do not unjustifiably disadvantage employees ( Roth 2006 ) .
However , the opposition may argue that another novel surveillance technology will probably be invented to counter against such criminals .
Also , a vicious cycle will be created by the criminals using RFID to attack their targets , followed by the police using RFID to detect those criminals .
In conclusion , the use of RFID to track people should be banned , not only because it violates an individual 's privacy but also because it could encourage more potential criminals to commit atrocities and stir up the greed within businessmen .
In the 21st century , the superman is not the only one who has the power to what is in your bag without asking you , but ordinary people can also have the power to do so. .
By implanting a chip to human body or attaching a tag to a product , the information of a certain person or an object can be scanned easily by a scanner .
However , does a child really want his or her parents to track him or her all the time ?
The convenience and problems this technology brings to us make it hard for us to decide whether it should be legal to track people by using the technology .
Firstly , the RFID technology is still immature , which means we can not guarantee both the accuracy of information we get and the safety of these chips implanted in our body .
Actually , when two or more readers want to scan the same tag , the " signals from their scanners may overlap " which will leave the tag " unable to reply " ( Reported on Techonovelgy.com ) .
When you are implanted with a RFID chip or when you take some objects with RFID tags , the information about your location , your purchase list and so forth can be easily disclosed .
The RFID supporters may argue that a lot of protection is provided in this case .
Thirdly , it is purposeless to track everyone .
It is true that RFID is really helpful for finding lost children or tracing thefts .
It will be meaningless and costly to track everyone just in case some of them may get lost someday .
Based on the three reasons above , RFID is not reliable enough to give correct information about the tracked person .
Meanwhile , it may invade users ' privacy .
Finally , it is costly as well as unnecessary to track people .
It is widely used to monitor an individual 's activities and behaviors , for instance , to reduce theft or to enhance security .
RFID will be the focus in this context .
RFID stands for " Radio-Frequency Identification , " which is a technology that uses radio waves to identify people or objects .
The use of RFID tags on products and humans have raised concerns for unauthorized access and invasion of privacy ( Sottile , 2005 ) .
However , I do not agree that surveillance technology such as RFID should not be used in tracking people because of its important benefits like the prevention of children kidnapping and the improvement of elderly health care .
Mexico ranks the second highest for the number of abductions in each year ( McHugh , 2004 ) .
As the kidnapping rate in Mexico rises , a Mexican firm implemented RFID implants to prevent kidnapping .
Xega , a security firm , offered RFID implantation to help in locating kidnap victims and it has proven to be successful as the business is booming ( Rosenberg , 2008 ) .
In addition , a fashion designer Lauren Scott came out with a line of children 's clothing that uses the RFID tag devices to track a child that has been taken more than 30 feet beyond their home .
Although the parents can keep track of their children through a RFID reader , the safety of children is more important than their privacy .
Thus , RFID can be used to track a child as it can prevent kidnapping .
Researchers from the Georgia Institute of Technology and Intel Research Seattle found out that the caregivers can monitor the seniors ' daily activities through the data received via internet from the RFID readers and record when and which tagged items they have picked up ( Baard , 2004 ) .
This also means that the elderly will lose their privacy as to what they need and what they do .
However , caregivers need the real-time data and the record of an individual 's normal daily routine to identify any significant changes which , according to physicians and experts on aging , often indicate onset of illness and cognitive decline ( Baard , 2004 ) .
Therefore , the use of RFID to track seniors ' daily routine can improve their health care through early detection of health problems when they are at home .
In conclusion , RFID is useful to track children 's activities and seniors ' daily routine to prevent kidnapping and improve health care respectively .
Therefore , surveillance technology such as RFID should be used to track people as some of its benefits are more important than privacy and freedom concerns .
The use of surveillance technology to track people has become possible due to the advancement in technology .
Even though the use of RFID in human tracking could help to improve on the safety and security , there are several threats such as privacy and health hazards that we need to consider .
Therefore , RFID should not be used to track people when threats outweigh the benefits .
One of the main concerns on RFID tracking would be privacy .The use of RFID tags on consumer products could track humans in an indirect way .
The benefits go to the manufacturers and retailers but not to the consumers as the ability to keep track of the products that every single consumer bought would expose the identity of the consumer and intrude upon one 's privacy .
( Hamblen ,2007 ) In hospital , RFID implants have been used to store patients ' clinical information with the claim that they could help to improve medical services .
It is very hard to ensure that patient 's personal information is solely used for clinical purposes .
Both of the previously mentioned usages of RFID face the same distinct problem which is third party tracking .
This is mainly due to the fact that as long as one 's antenna could receive the same frequency as the RFID tag , he would be able to track all the information .
The other main concern would be the health hazards .
According to some of the studies conducted on tissue reactions to microchip implants in laboratory animals , 0.8 % to 10.2 % of laboratory mice and 2 dogs developed malignant tumors caused by implant chips .Although the tests were not done on humans , the result is relevant to humans as humans are naturally subject to malignant tumor in response to foreign body implant .
( Albrecht , n.d. ) One might argue that health hazards could be eliminated if RFID tag is used to replace the implant chips .
Long term exposure to electromagnetic fields emitted by the antenna could be another health hazard that could not be treated lightly .
In conclusion , RFID usage in human tracking is not as simple and beneficial as we may have thought of .
There are a lot of hidden threats such as privacy issue and health hazards which we should really consider .
There is an increase in the use of surveillance technology such as radio-frequency identification ( RFID ) these days especially in passports and hospitals .
These uses of surveillance technology have in many cases , brought about many benefits to mankind but there is also an increasing call for the ban of the usage of surveillance technology to track people as many are concerned with the loss of privacy and the exploitation of personal information .
opponents of this position argue that RFID-installed passport is in fact , less secure than normal passport as anyone may be able to attain someone else 's personal information with an RFID-reader .
They further argue that information in passports can easily be copied and embedded into a forged passport ( Campbell , 2004 ) .
Although the use of surveillance technology in passports may not be perfect , with the rapid advancement in technological research , continuous improvement can be done in order to further enhance the security aspect of a passport .
RFID have proven to be very useful as medical staff will be able to access the patients ' medical and personal information quickly anywhere with just an RFID-reader ( Stein , 2006 ) .
This enables doctors to get to know patients ' medical condition quickly especially in time of emergency and also allows the patient 's family members to be contacted immediately .
To complete a RFID system , a tag which is known as transponder and a reader which is known as a transceiver is used used .
In the case of accidents , the supervisors can get information on the numbers of trapped miners in the mining fields ( KJ-241 personnel and equipments Locating system for mining , 2007 ) and through this be able to plan evacuation routes .
This will greatly increase the efficiency in dealing with emergency .
Therefore , hospitals staff are able to track patients ' movements using the RFID bracelets on them .
The most controversial issue in the used of RFID to track people is the invasion of privacy .
However , the use of RFID to store information can bring about much convenience and efficiency in hospitals .
There are views that it should be allowed on the grounds that such tracking devices actually bring about many benefits , but these benefits come at a heavy price ; our privacy and rights .
Thus the use of surveillance technology should not be allowed .
the installation of surveillance devices is getting common and it is actually a demonstration of the lack of trust between the management and the employee .
The productivity of the employee is a major concern of the company .
Such devices enable the management to keep an eye on the employees ' activities making sure that it is in compliance with the company guidelines and the performance of their duties .
However , the implementation of such a measure by the management is a violation of the employees ' rights and privacy .
It will inevitably strain the relationship between the 2 parties and affect employee commitment and motivation towards their work .
In the end the productivity of the company will suffer as well due to the drastic change in the work culture .
Many surveillance devices like RFID are actually capable of storing information , and hospitals have used it in tagging patient with critical conditions .
The advantage of it is that all the vital medical history of the patient can easily be retrieved if there is a need for emergency procedure .
That would save a lot of preliminary assessment procedures and help avoid many unnecessary complications like allergies .
On the surface the ability of the devices to save life seems remarkable , but it has serious risks of being abused .
The use of such sophistical technology no doubt preserves the integrity of these data , but it gave rise to the concern being tagged against one 's will to be remained employed .
The implantations process is a " quick and relatively simple procedure " , but the removal of it is not .
These chips might migrate over the years or may have been placed too deeply .
It is still commonly used for tagging of endangered animals to aid in the study of their behavior in order to preserve their population .
Such technology has now being shifted from the animals and to be used on humans it is very degrading and this act displays a total lack of respect towards the tagged personnel .
In conclusion , the use of surveillance technology on tagging tagging people people poses a very high risk in leaking out personal privacy data and it is an invasion of personal privacy .
The removal of an implanted chip was not easy even if one wishes to reverse it .
Nowadays in this fast-paced society , everything is required to be precise .
Managers want their employees ' location at anytime ; retailers need information of customers in the store and policeman need identification of the suspicious at the spot .
Therefore , with the emergence of surveillance technology such as RFID , which allows automatic identification of objects , animals or people by incorporating a small electronic chip on its " host " ( Europe 's Information Society , n.d. ) , people 's accurate location can be tracked and returned in time .
This results in furious debate in the society since it brings potential problems about privacy .
no main clause
Companies can make a standard on working time according to the conditions of the workers by putting an RFID tags on the them ( Barker , 2009 ) .
Moreover , for retail companies , RFID is also a possible tool for them to reduce theft and sabotage .
Therefore , RFID can help to keep company assets as well .
On important occasions , when there are a large number of people involved , it is nearly impossible for police and security staff to identify the criminals when crime occurs .
However , with the help of the surveillance technology , policeman can identify the crinimals very fast and catch them or pay attention to the suspicious at first to prevent the crime before it can be committed .
They argue that the potential threat of RFID is substantial since it contains so much private information . Therefore , the abuse RFID will lead to serious consequences .
However , legislation is already in place at national level and data protection authorities have been established to safeguard the unauthorized use of personal data ( RFID Consultation , n.d. ) .
Furthermore , the authorities have elaborate working documents on Data protection Issues about RFID to rigorously guide RFID deployers on application ( RFID Consultation , n.d. ) .
In conclusion , it is apparent that the surveillance technology such as RFID to track people is a useful tool in this modern society .
Additionally , it is an effective effective way for policemen to identify criminals and prevent crimes at the beginning .
Thus , if we can utilize this kind of surveillance technology more appropriately and keep more strict regulation on its application , it will surely be supported worldwide .
As the application of surveillance technology such as RFID is becoming more common and widespread , the community has raised an that the tracking of people of tracking people using these surveillance technologies will harm human rights .
However , I think that the benefits of such surveillance technologies outweigh the cost cost of intruding human 's privacy .
There are several applications of surveillance technologies in the medical field .
This RFID chip plays an important role in letting doctors to access to the patients ' medical information when the patients are incapable to communicate ( Ahuja,A. , 2006 ) .
Furthermore , surveillance technologies can also be used to improve the social security .
In the same time , the United States also implemented the use of surveillance technologies in their prison to control the violence rate .
In addition , these surveillance technologies are also very effective during rescue operations or investigations .
An implanted RFID chip can help the rescue team or investigation team to identify the deceased in case they are disfigured or trapped .
As an example , during the 911 incident rescue operations , the firefighters wrote their badge numbers on their arms so that they could be identified in case they were disfigured or trapped ( { Kanellos } [ HYPERLINK : mailto : michael.kanellos @ cnet.com ] ,M. , 2004 ) .
Although applying surveillance technology on people might lead to the harming of human rights , we can minimise this situation by raising the security level of these RFID chip by encrypting the information it contains .
With surveillance technology , such incidents can be prevented .
Similar situations can be seen in the military vehicles in Singapore .
The opponents of surveillance technology argue that surveillance technology invades privacy .
